This isn't what I had in mind at all, you know. This isn't like Michael said we got five or three of this. This is what I wanted. Remember that? I did. And he looked at Connie and she sat there and then finally he gave her that evil eye and then she said I'd like not. Yes, yes. Remember that she said. Yeah, yeah. Before I did it. Was it okay to start the shadow fight? I thought we were doing it. Well, what was going on there? There were switching from program to whatever. There were switching our ability to monitor the programming there. So Josh couldn't hear the idea. Yeah. But then we got on. Everything's fine. Haha. Oh god is it super extra? Yeah you gotta learn exactly! What? Ferking you should be the star of the Tai Pu 해드. Now he's making movies, back up to書, We for little theaters are bound to end If we don't keep one more day, then throw that man James Brown, or... We'll be strong What a pain, the hope getting you for stars James Brown, take a look Don't see the sound, tell you being the fool James Brown, all the dreams So I'm a little bit concerned about the way Who's sitting in a control room in the last minutes of a hang show there? When we do this cross, I don't know Because I never know if the pot is open And Hank is saying, you know, good morning and meal Which as soon as I could shoot the light coming to the table I'm going to be there, I'm going to be there I'm going to be there, I'm going to be there I'm going to be there, I'm going to be there I'm going to be there, I'm going to be there And the meal was as soon as I could shoot the light coming And say, hey, Humphor, how you doing Whatever, have a great weekend, go to lose too much And pray for the Patriots And I don't know if I'm on or off, and obviously that wasn't Right, so who's sitting in there? Well, who's controlling our destiny, huh? I don't know the deal with these people John, Cope and Shire, the producer Yeah, well we know who Shire is Who's how is John Cope? Has he related to my own Cope from Pittsburgh, from KDK? You got that, Skip Yeah, yeah, yeah, well he may be a good guy, but certainly he's to tell those People who like to last couple of minutes here when Hank and I Want to have like a little verbal intercourse Open the pot, okay? Open the pot, baby Open the pot, baby, open a freaking pot Then like a real big fat one and smoke it Okay, roll it in the hair, oh, wait, anything Like your whole, your lungs can collapse Your adenoids can bust just like that last Call or Hank, I'm talking about the left Accolair, oh Jesus, give all of you old fart, you old code Can you believe that? Did you hear that? Of course, talking about the end of the highway A boy's like that Sound like Ferrell on acid is what it's saying Yeah, that's what it sounded like Not nearly as entertaining or as profane, but nevertheless, it's the best we can do these days Wow So anyway, we have a new year's resolution even with support teams at January, it's never too late People still do these new year's resolutions all the way well whenever they feel like quitting But our new year's resolution is its Hank and Neil and that's it And if anything else that happens after two, I won't even include the big Yeah, he's a rock solid in the morning before I get up, so that's fine But it's the big goal, the Humper and Neil after that You guys you're all on your own with all the respect, I know I love the man dog But I just I don't have the energy anymore, just two old to quote somebody I'm two old and feeble and I or maybe I'm just getting too smart Because I went out yesterday and I bought score ice cream Oh no, and I said here in I ate a voluminous amount which resulted in several desperate trips this morning But anyway, I ate a voluminous amount and I sat there when I finished I thought to myself why am I doing this to myself? It was very good by that. Oh, you ever had that? Absolutely, it's great. You haven't had score ice cream? They're great. Yeah, it's K-O-R, like the candy bars got chunks of the candy bar Now most of those candy bar ice cream is blow, they are really bad like M&M's ice cream And they have an old Henry ice cream, man, to puke from They're the Snickers ice cream, man, it is so now if you don't like real sweet then forget about it But boy, it is so anyway, I finished it and I thought my blood sugar was like 19 times 18, what's it like about 380? I mean just outrageous totally unacceptable and I'm popping my you know diabetic pills And I started thinking why am I doing this to myself? Only and it was only because of the stress factor built up by this place See the show, I don't these people out there, nothing phases me out of here All these maybe you call is ah, you mad at Conway and I don't care about that That's fun. Right. But working for a bunch of crazy people and being caught in the middle of this Radio mailstrom, which I got both columns today from a very jackass and Jim Sarny both of it and I was very that you never mentioned management by name Only when it gives you those inside quotes, you know Greg Reid said that I Greg Reid said it but when it's an embarrassing humiliating the grading situation It's QI management doesn't have a clue is if there's no names involved there, you know Right, very I'm going to tell you Greg's going to take away your peanut butter and jelly Salad if you don't cut the crap bury rhymes with Mary, Mary, Harry, Harry, Potter, Harry, Prince Harry Let me say it again is the Prince Harry. Here's a facts from Stephen Walton man So says if you need further proof that QM is run by bubblegates. Guess what see we don't need any more proof But anyway if you do check this out and then he goes on the QM website and the schedule and Okay, let me say this Leo paying attention and even Josh Cordes has nothing to do with the QM website Any more of that schedule any of that who's handling that now? Who can we rip an answer on that? That would be no one nobody so how's this stuff getting on there? Nobody's handling it So it's just there. It's not there. It's not there. It's not there. It's not there. Well, if you try to go there It's shut down at the moment. I'm going to go there girlfriend. I'm going there right now WM dot com for the world you can only listen live right I'm on it. Yeah, I'm on it. Yeah Down There's an excitement the man with no name the man with no name the boy the schedule the subtle You said if you go there, it's not there. You just said John I was told that it was shut down Well, that's right there. I'm looking at it. Well, what can you do? Newman and town the dolphins and out stairs in the former Dallas Cowboys and a fellow executive and Joel Bailey We're joining the club as it's new CE They like that they keep making this as main changes is Q. I am nobody knows who the house on first over there fits in like a glove That's why they ought to stay on this station is bigger all the way we really shouldn't be affording lose all those millions We lose on the dolphin broadcast. By the way speaking of that I got an incredible insights story about the dolphin broadcast I probably should hold it back. I've hinting at it over the years. I know by the way. I know a Wayne I know The dolphins the marlins enter that whole real story there A bunch of the other one if the owners would be just shocked to hear that story, huh? I lose their hair. What story anyway? What story talk about? I can't tell you I'll hear maybe I'll figure off here Or maybe not for the right price. It's a very scandalous story In involved as Wayne highs and get it involves the Miami dolphins the mar are the four to Marlins and WQAM and great read all these things and me because I know about it And nobody's supposed to know about it anyway. I just mentioned that in passing like a working-unit negotiations there Okay, Wayne He ever slippery man talk about slippery. Yeah, when you got billions of dollars. Why do you have to like do dishonest things? Yeah, why don't you have to like play little games behind the scenes? But that's just the way some people are man just larson is in their heart and it's a part of their part It's in their heart and in their part. Worst TV actor or actress ever we asked yesterday is or was we got a battle here man Now see I'm still on that dolphin on that QAM thing on the website, which Josh insists it's not there Well, it's there. So somebody's running it somebody's doing it somebody's dealing with it. Just we don't know who it is right right Now see I'm looking at my whole week that we got a flat-footed tie we better leave it on there for a minute Oh Donald Trump and Tony Danes 135 of peace truck Norris 120 got a good race going and Rosanna and even Tony you can do it Tony Danes who is leading most of it and then Donald Trump passed him like he was standing still got a great horse race fixing story Two is matter fact from a near post so Donald Trump until he dances a one 35 of peace We'll leave that thing on there for another minute we forced us to pull to try to break the tie the worst TV actor actress ever worst Actually, that's only Danes I should win because don't write on a night or that trade. That's yeah, they just don't like him He's a carrot and they just think they show us awful what's there right about that you're fired it and you're fired to the his Ezos rodent is all man the tribute to himself that he missed her T83 they begruse so 78 the man with orange with carrot top here Donald Trump just worked okay, so we're done Trump one. I don't want Tom Trump to win like I said Tony Danes a one He's about 600 am I think Uh, Troy spelling 71 Bob Sagitt 57 Sagitt rhymes with maggot Hulk home 54 no kind of john home in the great hardest driver from New England who my friend Derek is very big fan of Will Smith 50 JJ Walker 49 Friend pressure 32 the Nanny friend pressure all can say about her is oh Kelly rip a 31 David Hanselhouse got Bill Shatton 28 asked him Kuchi Koo 27 Well, he sure used to look pretty good man. I think I'm not right now not too much I think it's too much of that to comedy with that old girl to me Yeah, too much comedy with the old bag right up against the door to no less Ln degenerate 25 and sin victims 23 Erica strata 21 Ray Romano and John Stamos 19 Vlacky a black mark on poorer John Stamos's ass Johnny most 16 or may finish a is Lorenzo Lomas and Kiana Reeves each had 15 that is absolutely unamerican We say those things about Lorenzo Lomas and that's why that's your one off here because you didn't like him It's right. I take credit. What was that you are you hot? Who's hot? Oh, oh, yeah, I ABC right? Are you hot or something like that? He was one of the judges. You didn't like me because you're jealous if you wish you looked like that. I don't you're well like a used to or okay So I thought you you're so full of crap and a Griffin 14 John Ritter 12 Mary O' Lopez from a save by the bell and that shows you rotten hell He and Jerry Sanfield and Suzanne summers and Jolie to white and Danny I Ln buddy. Ifs and they'll get 11 11 team to be big number on there in fact. Look at that 11 after 10 11 go back one in one in the double. Okay 100 got shot hundred dollar double one in one very unusual it almost never comes in Angela lands very in John revolt to each had 10 don's Johnson nine pretty Prince eight Wow, now what was so bad about Freddy Prince and they just go like we can you see when you're people They just hate the Reakings. I think Martin short Vincent Donna Freos seven his brother Aldon or Freo drives at Monticello Bill Cosby and Ellen Tickie said six murders bachelor. I will have Meredith facts around our baby curtain today by the little bonus picture She's not the main attraction but she's bubbling under Look at old boo-be pitcher Meredith backster who used to be Meredith backster Bernie and she was in that show family Is no I'm 20 yesterday that's what you told her I mean mistake, but oh, she will turn them more three Dick bad night to Kate Jackson's got a pair Henry Winkler one. I'm a cheese got a pair two Max bear one Jody fostered David Bernie each have the big for Jody foster doctor. I'll have to leave How could she have no votes if they paid attention to question right? She's bad. She is a lot of John he thinks it a lot. Yeah, I think we have a little amount of week and to visit Jody foster What do you say? Oh right. Yeah, and by the way mad dog just oh right on See when we get to those stories which we will have to break the stories that very Jackass and Jim Sarnie Just everybody is a full of crap. That's what I look at it And of course, who am I gonna believe what I ever believe the company though? But I believe the underlings the the flunky No, whatever believe great or that goes without saying you talk about the champion liar wow This guy told you was Friday you'd run their you think up the morning paper and look to see what day it was on paper But anyways 12 out of 10 and 5 60 W. I would like to see the nice to see that fat boy and Georgia bonding again Fatty and probably a new client. That's that's good. See he's working on your behalf He's working feverishly trying to make out your stuff other than before the company for stabbing you in the back and trying to get you fired With Maddie girl another crowd crew of mists and of course parents who admitted this morning He wants to be stunned the show 10 13 at 5 60 W Qm Neil Raju But by night a couple of Jews on a man series for spirits and free food Will come to the lighthouse of the death-bated blackface He's oyster handy Where to guys from a paranormal I hear about your ghost oh Your table is way too chill Wow Okay, I'm now a shadow baby Soיותop Water similarity The Yeah, I love the earth. They're just a Who would actually enjoy so and as we always say around here, what's that? What? I think that's all about that. Yeah, about that. You're so sick. Who will see that? It's just, oh! Probably just dust. Now leave it alone. I mean, over here. I think I know who's at the bottom of it is Kazurai. I'll just pull a mask off his face. But it was great, great! All alone! Well, and I would have got a way with it too, with not for you meddling mumsers. That makes no sense. Yeah, I know. Speaking of meddling mumsers, 20 after 10, oh and so the guy's team in the Walsh-a-mass, if you think it's bizarre that the schedule is screwed up on our website, which nobody looks at that thing anyway, said, Droke. Here's at the schedule I haven't thought of me for today, the program schedule this. This epitomizes, I got two things, okay? Most people, I have one thing, but I got two things. It's good to have this pair. Yeah, let's see. The first one, I'm going to play a little audio to give you an idea of what's going on here. I played this for a parent this morning who was in their shoes and around instead of making up a new schedule, what he should have been doing. Listen to this. Hard card. Hard card. Hard card. It's stuff man, it's all the equipment. It's for 407. It's for 407. It's for 307. It's for 207. It's for 207. It's for 207. It's for 207. It's for 207. Yeah, right, likely, sure. And I guess I'm not going to be playing that one. Who's on anywhere? I'm going to continue embarrassing myself and indulging, you know, clearance and muffin and the greggamy's people. Whatever you got on, you got on, okay. Let us know when you figured out. Schedule place is the big old five to seven, the Humper seven to ten. And by the way, Hank, I'm delighted to do, you know, have verbal intercourse in the morning if they would open up the pot. You got to tell them to open up the pot because if you say good morning and not be anti-social, just they, you can't hear me because they have a bunch of lung kids running that place. New around your 10 to two, it says, we're back to our 10 to two and loving it. Love and add part of it. Then after that, it says, how are David two to four? Jim Manage 4 to 7. T. B. D. To be determined 7 to 10, which is unsatisfactory and then 80 K to 10. How's that for a schedule, huh? And that this is the one on a website somewhere that we know is always wrong anyway. This is the schedule for today for us to promote on the air. How do you like that? I mean, my vacant album. It's promoted twice. I think it's brilliant. What Josh is going for a brownie? I feel left out. They're actually like Grand Crackers. Really? Well, like Grand Crackers. In fact, I like Grand Cracker Ice Cream. Maybe I had that. Yes, I had that. Yeah, that's a hmm. Everything, now there's ice cream with everything right. I've had ice cream where I sprinkle with sprinkled golden grams in it, which is really a ride. Well, you don't have to do that anymore because now he can buy it. Hmm. I'm not a no more ice cream. No more no more no more of this QA. I'm stress eating from me. Even by long distance they're destroying my life. All you great Robert's Greg blow out your ass. Okay, get lost. Get away from me. I had to say the billetating place. I think that they're contributing to a hostile environment and they ought to be sued. Don't you? Oh, yeah, definitely toss. That's out. Law so anyway, here's the appolder day. We don't have any names on. Well, George puts you his Christ on there. Right, aren't Jesus. You great. Anyone famous person throughout history who would it be? I was going to tell his right about all this stuff and George for Jesus Christ. Right. I don't I thought about that. I think it's an interesting question and we've done stuff like that before. It's not original. It's so you know, but if you didn't have like lunch, we're not talking about sex now. Who's bowling? What you like to add for you to about that? Don't forget about it, but set it to a different time zone. But this is about who it's like cabin dinner with or spending an hour to with somebody famous from history. I think would be really interesting and fascinating and palpitating whatever, you know, since it's a fantasy we can speak to the language, right? Whatever it might be whatever you want. All right. You know, and oh, because like if you wanted to you know visit without Alexander the Great for example, right? Want to be able to speak Greek. See there you go. It's not even 10 30 and you're already talking Greek. See what I mean? I mean some people are one dimensional. So all they know is yeah. I think Maddie Bell had a point about you and white water bill. Hey, Dwight. They're talking about to ask on QM again. Dwight. If you could meet anyone famous person throughout history who would it be and I see it for a Mendistris response, but we don't have time for that right now anyway. We'll get to all a couple of names. George has got Jesus Christ now. Alexander the Great. You put Alexander on there. Yeah, I can't do that. Don't be a geek right up the Greek. Carmella did she say, are we just saying we don't know. I haven't no idea. Hey, she's on here. That would be how you'd say in Italian. Carmella did she's on it. It's lovely. Is that she's lovely? I'm going to say that. She's lovely too. And I discovered her man first. I had it on her for like Brandon the world of said do a Warren Bady in tall fall down. I saw her first. You know what's funny is I already had a picture of her. But since I didn't know who the hell she was right. I'd rather descend along. Well, you can thank me now. Thank you Carmella and she course was the girlfriend of Jeff Garcia alleged. Zolo Josh court is doesn't believe that because anything still for her she is gay. Yeah, why? I'm just because you buy into rumors. Just be it. You're so easy. I haven't heard what you meant. I just made it up. In a slaughter was gay. Ted Williams was gay. Okay. I just said it. Does that make it so because a bunch of idiots say Jeff for her. She's gay. There are only rumors. And why is it ugly? So what if he is gay? No, it wasn't about a rumor. I just, you know, I suspect. That hell. Yeah, I didn't hear you. There wasn't about a rumor. Everybody in her brother says that. Especially on this radio station man, Humphold Central. Zolo, you know, on this one to fang. That one to fang. I got news for you. You know all the facts that are playing for a personal sports. All these whole sports nerd things would just collapse. Yeah, I mean, the most big-oh was gay. There you go. Carmella, you know the man. When you get rid of it, you want to play with you. You wouldn't have to leave the town horrible. They do. It continued. Anyway. Carmella was born July 1st, 1982, and Avon Lake, Ohio. She was playing me. It's a playboy. 2004, a playman of the year. And then it's a show more. You know, on IMD, we have to give you like a little line. I always say show more. Well, we're showing as much as we can on air and believe me. Let me, is it up there? I didn't take a look at the beat of Korean. Now, make sure Eric is on. Let's see. Click to visit if you're already age of 75. I'm getting there. There she is. Wow. Holy cow. Man. And then there's a boo. What was that show with Tony Dow and Jerry Madder's? Leave it to what? Anyway, I'll say it. And then there's the narrative factor too. With a whole bunch of booby shots. It's the one and only exposure. And then on the bedding is the Supreme Court Justice. I'll start making it. So anyway, she was in a studio. Playboy video playmate counter 2005. The WWW E taboo Tuesday, Rod diva search casting special. 2004 Playboy video playmate counter. Who wants to be a Playboy sent a fold? Sunday night he aka W-E Sunday night he. Rod is war and Howard Cersho family feud. The Playboy playmates against the bachelor's and streets Mars playing herself January 2004. So she's been in a lot of that kind of stuff. You know what I'm saying? Carmel, she is. She's one of the hottest hoties we've had on air ever. She's perceived. Yeah, she's just fine. And I find a discoverer. Now, who was that who was that actress in that they were like falling over in all fall down? Who's an M movie? I don't know. Carl Molden was in native much falling over him. I better look at her. That's the movie now. I would I'll tell you what put Brandon the will the on the pull. You know how to spell it? No, it doesn't. Small DE capital W-I-L-D-E Brandon the will the can handle. From that movie the will the beast. I'd like to have a set down. Now again, see, I just got to your say another sexual thing. But just to have lunch with him when I would have been and he's dead now. He got hit by a car. He got killed in a car crash. But in that particular movie, he, I guess what I'd like to see if he really looked at good in person as he didn't. I'm moving if anybody could be if any guy could be that pretty. He was real pretty. Let's see all fall down. Here it is. John Freck and I were directed it produced by John Houseman. Wow. And in it Warren Vady. He were oh, he would always say that's what they were opening and fighting over. I saw our first very very Warren Vady to character he played was very very. So I could be kind of an idea what kind of a family it was. Carmel and Angel Alan's brewery, Brandon the will the and Barbara backslay. It's a black and white. It's a very depressing morbid movie. But that's way close. 28 past 10 at 5.60. W-I'm Adam Turan and sales by the way. So January is always very slow. That's why we have these very short breaks on the show. We don't believe that. Fifth and excuse. And we're waiting for the Vermont Teddy Bear account to show up again in time for Valentine's Day, which is only a month from today, isn't it? February 14. Right? I just mentioned these things because I got a- I'm not taking any crap from people anymore. That's my new year's resolution. I mean as little as I took in the past, it's a multiply that times a thousand. No excuses. No BS. No slack and off. Just can't wouldn't. Okay. Just Darpy and just a little bit pro-fessional. I realize that word is unacceptable. If you insist, look it up at a book and figure out what it means. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players. Pomp and O'Park racing and poker is your place to meet a gambler. Your guts up. Pomp and O'Park features free admission and feed general parking every day. Life harness racing and a poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, like today and every Saturday, two of course. Pokers starts a new and live harness racing gets underway. Now they have 725 at a PM. Look out for Wally Hennessey man. He is dangerous. And don't forget every Monday, night there's a two for 25 dollar dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor. You'll see fat rich. Their shuttling is free. Every Wednesday, $99 for draft beer, so the hot dogs and more. And best of all, my personal favorite, the first Monday of every month, the first Monday of every month only, night of every Monday. Okay. You got that straight free sped in the night on the 4th floor Monday of every month. Just market on the counters are a good idea. And then go there and just show the down your post. Pomp and O'Park is also a course of every day, 7 days, nights, week, between the best and harness racing, through a bread racing and a high light from all across North America, feed a watch and wave your on. Pomp and O'Park blocks have a landing boat of our power line road for the new racing schedule. I'm sure they have the right one on their website. Go to pump and O'Park.com or call it 954, 972, 2000 don't forget poker room is open at noon today. Live racing starts 9-725 in a p.m. This is Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC and overlord of D.C. Robby, my two-beaver legs tightly together to make my voice as far. How can I help you? This is one of your 28 concerned Christians who want everybody to be just like us that always writes a call to you. Always a pleasure hearing from you. What can I ban for you today, my whole research sister? Well, I'm watching TV land and they're running an old show from the 60s that I believe is course and damaging to the tender minds of our trophy children. What shows this? It's well, I can only say the middle name. Van. What's the first name? It's saying is our decent vice president. Dick? Yes. And the last name? The vice president's daughter. Dick? Yes. Isn't Dick? I am Dick? Oh, Lord forgive us. I believe both those words are on the list. I wish you would direct it to have the show permanently banned from the airways and ship fines for any mention of Dick then, Dick. I love you. I love you. W-2 funding. Push plan. What? 27-11 at 5-60WQAM. Anyway, here's a fact that's obviously from Medi Bell. It says LKB. It should say MB on there. Okay. It says it seems like you're trying to get Greg Reed fired. Oh, what a thought. Stop it. He works hard. You don't appreciate anything. What are you trying to do? Get George Rodriguez to take over Greg's position? That sounds like a plan. I thought the horse meant to stop picking on Gellie, Greg, and Howard. Oh, I see. Okay. We don't pick on Howard, by the way. We like, oh, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. Right. For more we see in the more we love him. At any rate, interesting enough, it must be like a whole conspiracy of people. I think you're very far. Nothing that he's done himself. And of course, working hard is rather amusing because every time there's a crisis, what is he doing disappears? He goes on vacation. He leaves town. The sun is shining, very jackass, right? And we thought that Greg had very in his back pocket, but not that the hero has that working relationship with 790 ESPN radio. Now, I noticed that the tone of various columns seems to be the warmest turning as the expression yours, right? Then we get some more names on this list before I start doing these two stories, the sun in the very end of the list. WQM, hello. Yeah, I want to see a poll. Yes, sir. Gary Lewis, I'm getting Lewis in playboy. And while with that being, just put it on. It'll have to be no question. Oh man. But move fast, guys. Put it on there, Jerry. Yeah, Gary Lewis. I got another one, Michael Moore. There are many people who would like to meet him. Maybe he should have for a couple of meals. I'll have the same time. Brother, WQM, hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Bill Quentin and Hunter S Thompson. Hunter S Thompson, okay. Two good choices. Maybe you can have like a three way dinner. Yeah, and maybe we'll smoke. Okay, have a great time. Okay, we know what in hell. 567. Yeah, let's get a few names on there. Then we can get on with our 400 rounds. I want to have been this shirt. I'll finish my bacon. I apologize for eating the bacon on here because I did try not to eat on the earth. I just saw a bit of it. I usually do when I was down there. Well, I forgot. We had so much stuff going on. I don't think for the show. We had visited from the village and visited from clearance. Yeah, let's see. Here's the fact, well, I'm just grabbing a fancier from the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, didn't take long to impress Steve whoever Steve is. He said, if I could meet any famous person's raw history, I would love to meet Carmella Dichesani. Wow. Please put around and you're pulled to. Yeah, thank you. Have a good taste. Yeah, put around. Pulled it like when they see her, they'd like to meet her. If I go in, she ought to pull with she, uh, kick that girl. That's what the story says. Yeah, don't start it with that Jeff, uh, Garcia rumor stuff again. Yeah. Okay. So I'm bad enough to Joshua courtist there keeps picking on poor little Jeff. I mean, talking about him. Uh, he, the stretch with the story was all about. She was just a boy, a girl. She was his boyfriend. Okay. Boy. Yeah, boy. That's what the audience is saying. Boy, oh, boy. They take a look at Carmella. We're not exaggerating. No. I think you had to write word pristine. Clean and pristine. And we just against Matt. So whatever he had a real guy wants right there. Even I'm very impressed. And I don't know how to discover her nice going. Yeah. It was like a, you know, Britney Spears. You wouldn't know Britney Spears from Spears of Broccoli before I find the other daughter under her, what that Rolling Stone thing. Right. And it's a little fag man. He's got the eye. The queer eye for the straight guy. Yeah. Another one invented that crap. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, you know, I'm on the fifth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The first three before the bull of slide. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Thank you. JFK. Okay. I don't think you want to meet him now. WQAM. Hello. I know. I don't see. What do you got? Uh, Keith Richards. Keith Richards. Okay. All right. I'm pretty good. We're never going to stop that first call. Oh, that's my kind of color. I like that. I like your altitude pal. Oh, that's getting quite just put it on there. Let's play that over. Oh, boy. That was good. WQAM. Hello. Oh, my kids speak with no Rogers. Please. Yeah. But you would. Who's his Gary Lewis River Jones? Oh, what is? Oh, we don't want to speak to you. How do you like that? That's called Tickford tan. WQAM. Hello. Hey, I got a name vehicle. Yes, Ted Williams. Ted Williams before they froze his head. Okay. Thank you very much, Pally. Ted Williams. In fact, maybe you can still speak to him. I just want to let you head up. Just go to lunch at a fancy restaurant and put Ted's head on the other side there with the other plate. It's just put it on the plate. What do you say? Ted was always good when he stepped up to the plate. Let's see how we work. So I'm a root Chris. WQAM. Hello. QAM. New God. Yes, man. How about John one and John one and John one would be great. Especially before the bull is fine. I just want to ask him what is up with that yogurt. Hey, so that's a man. Yeah, maybe you could have bought him a pair of glasses. We're going to be big. He already wrote glasses. That was a proper one. He wore he wore those funky little. I don't think those are like real glasses, you know. Yeah, maybe. Those are like make believe. Okay. Thanks a lot. I have a great weekend. See we're going to many of the names on here. Now John Lannon not to be confused with the Lannon sisters. Jesus Christ is winning. Michael Moore's got the three. But Jesus has 21. See you're going to want to responsible for that. Well, drag all those Jesus Christ to his out of the woodwork again. 22 before 11. Here's our schedule for the rest of the day. Staying was just an ordinary Yosheva student until what played full day. What's this? Some kind of radioactive spider? What am I over here? Little Miss Muffett indeed. It was no ordinary spider and he is no ordinary superhero. He is Spider-man. You want I should shoot spider webs either my wrists. Hi. For a hundred and forty million opening weekend, I'd shoot a hill to fish out of my pockets. Spider-man. Fillings fear him. Women desire him. I find him and I love yes. No. Well, thank you. I got it wholesale. The two free pairs of tights. Yeah, I know again. Spider-man instilling guilt in the hearts of evildoers. Go ahead take over the vile. I'm sure you're making your palm on a very proud Spider-man. Now show it in theaters everywhere. I would have killed Yosheva's fun time even. Span and a Jeff Garcia. I just took a look at Carmella again. I just can't get over that. I'm not sure. Just we'll leave that up there. Well, all weekend would be good. Right? What a plan. But I think Josh ought to listen to some of the Chicago records. Why? And start thinking about Peter Sittura. Remember the lead singer? He was, he was the lead singer. I'm a lot of songs. Right? And it's several lead singers, Bobby Lam. Over these. But Peter Sittura was a lead. And he was as squishy sound again looking as anybody with a high fall set of voice, you know. And he's like 85 kids. Neil Sedak, there's another one for you. Is there a stop-tab in kids? Yeah, is there anybody at his swishyear appearing? And you have it a good time. I mean, he looks like he's going to float away. To me in time. Well, I don't know what his story is, but man, he must have a little hitter or what him because he's got 400 kids. It's a little bit busy. I say a little something is busy. So just because Jeff Garcia may act all the way, good thing he's effect. Now, here's the fact that since any of us, I thought the mad dog hit sound a contract. Oh, well, here we go. To do for us, I try to show here the mad, mad, the mole man. What happened? Why won't mold just go away? Well, this is the thing mold didn't go away. We never let get there for three hours. See, run, run, run, run, run, run, run. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Here's the story. I kind of like put this off now that we got the whole audience gathered around their radio. And their computers as well. Just moving at that picture, Carmella did a chesity. Uh, very jackass rights. Minious still raining at WQM. It's still raining. It's so could be shining, but it's always raining at QAM. Let there be no doubt, right, Barry? WQM is a zoo. That's so lowly correct. Where nobody, not even management, seems to know who's on first or who's on a two for that matter. And again, Barry. That's so lowly correct. In the past few years, WQM is part two former morning hosts. Then we hired them before they left the year. Twice suspended at its longtime afternoon hosts. No try three times. Twice. Then reconcile that move into mornings and talk about how much money it's losing on the dolphins. Then prepare to final attempt to keep the themes rights. This week raised the absurdity to new heights. WQM may be more. Absolutely correct. I don't think so. WQM debuted at New Line if it was one small problem. The station didn't bother getting everyone under contract first. Now the afternoon line up as it risked a falling apart. And like I said, after yesterday, I'm not going to let it bother me anymore. Because that's what I can do about it. We just start here every day with the best we can. And what goes on around us? I mean, Hank's doing a fine job. We had a really good solid for a week. Rock solid. It sounds really happy in the morning and we're delighted to have monitors leading. And we actually would do that little crossover if somebody were open to pun. But other than that, after two, we're going to get you on your own, Greg. I would have gone be involved. And that's certainly nothing personal because we love to mad dog and Moe even Moe was starting to feel cosy right, right, but nevertheless, it's just not personal. It's just business. Jim made it to told the Herald on Monday night. He was accepting WQM's off and do a 47 PM show. Change his mind Thursday because the station continues to insist he signed an 18 page document with numerous restrictions. And will if anybody's and they try to get Hank to sign the same deal. By the way, I know that for a fact. Does nobody told you this morning? Yes. And they try to get me to sign and I said, No. Here. Who's your check is out of my back? Okay, you're signing bonus. So whatever the second. Oh, you're not on the same thing. Yeah. I told you. I told you. I told you. Joyce, nobody with any software spec is going to sign that crap because in addition to which if you had a sign, I clap every time we said anything you didn't like everybody we fired it. Do you want to have anybody on the year? It exposes an incredible lack of understanding on their part of what this business is all about. Of why people listen to Hank Goldberg give man. It's near Rogers, Joe Rose. So Thursday, managed to find a work to 47 PM shift instead of filled this former 2 to 4 PM slot under terms of an old contractor once through December 2005. I was not able to work out a new contract with WKM made it said the language was very own risk. So I will stay 2 to 4 for now. As a result, how are David and who earlier was given the 2 to 4 PM slot? A greedy work for the 17 PM Thursday for postures. He said off the year. Absolutely. David appropriately then played the trial. I saw music to start his show. Managed me in while and definitely posted. In fact, I got that on tape. I maybe I'll find that and I'll play like a few seconds ago. I don't know where you're listening. Well, we finished yesterday. They had technical problems in the control room. Did you hear that? No. And so they played the open for Mad Dog's show. And then it was like all this little bit of dead air and the music came on. And I thought, oh, there's like a brawl in the hallway or something going on. And it's come to find out it was one of those very frequent QAM technical diffubiles. Anyway, managed me while and definitely posted on the season weather state WQM moved to 790 ESP in radio, which wants him for a 1 to 4 PM show. Although the dolphins are expected to hear a final pitch from WQM today, the team is still moving through to deal with 790, which would not want Managed on the games. Unless he was a talk show for their station. David said the dolphins told him he is very highly thought of an organization, which I guess he forgot that way in Hatesham. And gave reasonably they want you and I back. But David's future is very much in doubt if the games move up the dials. Says very jackass. Okay. There's column. New world. Oh, no. There's number one. You're ready. strap yourself in for Jim Sarny. Let's see. Jeff, I can't what does that say in downtown mining or Joel? Joel and it is Neil God, Jerry Garcia as long as he brings the brownie. Oh, that's bad. Don't be footing Jerry Garcia. Yeah. Yeah. You know where he did? Yeah. I'm from. I'm from Garcia. Who? Now, Managed on Jim Sarny's column, it's Managed time somewhere. Sarny writes more craziness at WQAM. Jim Managed is back at 2pm. How are David is now on it for? Maybe the station to change his call it. It's WCHAOS WKOS. The news to be that KOS chaos radio. I wasn't a real station, really. Where the sublime becomes the ridiculous said David is he signed out of the theme from the trial I zone on Thursday. So what's happening? Managed what's said to sign a new deal for the afternoon drive, slot this weight, but certain issues couldn't get resolved. One of them being the matter of interviews. Managed doesn't do interviews and finds them boring. I'm not saying my way is better, but I prefer to do my own show. Managed said, I don't know why if you expand your show by now we have to do interviews and of course see they got three guys. All you do is wind us up and let us go. Hank, Neil and Mad Dog. And even more. Four guys. Just wind us up and let us go. Right? Right. Don't interfere. Don't start programming the show. Don't start trying to pretend you're a talk show programmer, which you know nothing about. So managed told WDQ me we'd go back to 2pm under his turret 2005 contract. I'm going to sit tight and see what the bell if she said. The wild card is that often's radio deals him sir and he says managed is the color voice of the dolphins that's his identity and it's bigger than any sports talk radio gig. Oh yeah, right. If it often's leave WQ and for 790 ESP and radio, managed me follow the football. We've had ongoing talks with the ESP and radio managed said I'm not rooting anything out. In other words, he's keeping his options open. Okay, is what it boils down to. But in the meantime, because our management is let's just blow up an ear after the stern business. Now we're sitting with our lineup. We got we had a lineup from 5am to 2pm and the rest is like, you know, and I know Mad Dog is doing a 2 to 4 today at public somewhere. But we can't even tell you which one because we don't have an accurate schedule because the weather is busy and we're playing grab ass with the beast. That's how much we know what's going on. You know, I really reason and I really mean this. What did I tell you before the show today? The first thing I told you. Yeah. The only way we find out what's going on is every Friday. We read very jackass and Jim Sarnie in the Harald and the Sun Settle and that's the only way we know what's going on. Nobody tells us anything. Muff comes in every morning. She's got nothing to tell you and the care is comes in to what is a dog and pony show trying to be a comedian and they tell us nothing nothing. And so that's what will pass out to the audience. Nothing. That's what we know. Other than it's a mess and everything that we just read from Sarnie and it's very jackass about the embarrassment and he may say it's true. But I'm not even a more ice cream. I gotta kill myself for that. Okay. Forgot it keeps running away every time we ever probably goes on an extended vacation. After he tells you a bunch of tales, fables, stories, perver occasions. Oh, we got a death. We got a death report. Oh, Brad co-founder Jimmy Griffin dies. Oh, no. Remember Brad David Gates? Sure. James Arthur. Jimmy Griffin. I'm not Jimmy Arthur. Remember him? No. Old truck driver. Jimmy Arthur. What? Excellent driver. James Arthur. Jimmy Griffin was a thought. What? Definitely. Was a founding member of the dog Arthur. I think he's his son. Hey, listen. Why the c'mster harness for some means? That's what I'm going to do. Until we get this all straight. Now I'm just going to see her read hardest racing names for four hours every day. Hey, they want to do a sports show. So go to what about if I had some guests. I'm going to have Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, Erme, He's a real hero. I'm going to be a hero. I'll be a hero. I'm going to be a hero. Seriously, he's at least trying out. I'll say this. He's like the Ebony's or screwed your radio. Hey man, try to get everybody fired. Didn't. Wasup, not just in disgusting everybody hated him. And now he's seen the light. He He flipped his leg, he let his hair down. And he's at least got a sense of humor, which when you work here, man, you got to have one. Now let's see, do I do your tribe planes? Some of this, let's see what I got. See, there's nothing but spots. Those people are right about the format in the afternoon. They're right about that. See, you were so slow to add. There's nothing but spots on his tape. I tried to like tape because I don't want to sit here. I had to go out and buy ice cream. Put it on my sorrows. The battery powered Miami is, there's little powered Phoenix will fizzle Miami. Yeah, with all the respect. I just wanted to be the beginning of the most show. Stuff a lot. You know, the man was indestructible. Okay. Anyway, James, Jimmy Griffin, founding member of the 1970s, top group bread and shared an Oscar for co-writing for all we know. Remember the carpenters for all we know that? And then, very depressing. From music was, was good but morbid, you know? Like rainy days and Mondays. You're right. Sounds to commit suicide by with Karen Carpenter. How program? You know, how appropriate. Jimmy Griffin died of complications of cancer. He was 61. Griffin who died Tuesday at his home in Franklin, Tennessee. Saying harmony and played guitar with bread or soft rocks. Soft rocks, it's included. Make it with you. Baby I'm a want you. Everything I own written by the group's lead singer. And David Gates. David Gates, great voice and incredibly ugly. Man, he was a really ugly guy. He looked like his head got hit by a freight train. Don't know, Trevor. Sign. Good. For all we know from the movie, Lumber's and other strangers. One of 70 Academy Award was a hit for the carpenters. Griffin also wrote such country hits. As Conway Twitties, who's going to know and wrestlers' hearts you can depend on me. Oh yeah, depend on me. Remember that? Nope. The noise. There you can. Griffin was raised in Memphis and moved to Hollywood, California the early 1960s. He David Gates and Rob Royer released bread's debut album in 1968. Griffin left the band in 1973 and rejoined in 1976 before a broke up in a swirl of ranker and lawsuits. All it sounds like QAM, ranker and lawsuits that's our middle name. In the 80s, Griffin formed black tie with former Eagles member Randy Meizner and became a regular on the national scene in the early 90s with the band The Remington's. Not to be confused with the Remington's who did Papa Umau Mao. Right? Remember the Remington's? I do. I don't think we can say that anymore. No. I'm choking up my bacon. He survived by a smarty daughter in front. So that's say goodbye to Jimmy Griffin. Not to be confused with Jimmy Reuffin. Right? I don't ask you what does become of the broken hearted. They die. Okay. If you could meet anyone famous person who out history who would be Jesus Christ 39, Carmella they see his dichasity. 13. Oh yeah. We're going to make her famous. Or yeah. We're going to make you raw this weekend. John Linen 5, 100 Thompson 4, built Fitton 4, Michael Moore 4, JFK 3, Keith Riches got a pair. Alexander the Grey 2. Jeff Garcia. There's got. I mean, Jerry. Jerry Garcia. I got one. Gary Lewis 1. Brian to the world. There's got one. And Ted Williams. None. 79 votes. Well, have a list of 8,000 names by 2. Here are some factions. Bob and four larger DL says, how about Albert Einstein? Okay. He could be our gentleman. We already have a rocket scientist. But. Got him. Einstein? We got him. Billed four larger DL says. After visiting your baby crew in the air, we're in the very valuable lesson. If you have a 19 inch NAC, extra view, multi sink LCD monitor. And you put your turn on it. You will get shot. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh no. Here's one that says, from Sergio and Hi, Alia. I would love to meet the only problem being it says, ME 80. I would love to. I'm a big friend. I think he meant that. No. You're trying to get just like Marvin, you know? Sorry. I would love to meet Carmella. Wow. Got to go to the bathroom with a picture of me. We were of sites. It's really good. Okay. When it doubted, don't worry about. John, now this is his highly flies. He's probably have some interesting stories or John Glenn, same reason, interesting stories. Maybe like here about the moon. Right? Or you're ready. The moon or your rain is. Or maybe you like here about the moon. Talk to the moon. That might be it. Anyway, so, well, we have sort of a little of a name, John. Glad you know today. 560, 560, 560, and a variety of things. I'm just not going to win. Doles and act to. I'll queue up the beginning of most show yesterday. Did you hear it? No. You'll find it. Some of them using. Okay. It's a print area. And I like to ask him what to tell you. Think it. Okay. Print area. We got a print area. This must be psychic. UK's Charles orders sons to visit Auschwitz. I'd like to see the whole royal family in Auschwitz. And I also got another story that ties in with that one about. I'll get to touch you subject to royal links with Nazi Germany. And we're talking about them. And brought it up again the other day because of this Prince everything. Would it swastika? If anybody else did that's how much sweat from off the street running around. Would it swastika armband on? They'd drag him away and like probably put him in a hoochoff for 20 years. But oh well, it was just a youthful indiscretion. Yeah, right. Right. All the excuses all the time. You silly ass world. You royal looking brits man. You people desperately need some help. If you've ever been to England or have ever been in like Amsterdam anywhere, and especially Amsterdam because we can do so close. And all the drunk and brits. I'm sorry for the redundancy there. They come in a swarm of pines city and they hang out there loud and and I'm rude and I'm not just disgusting and I'm not a control and most of them it was big fat to the stick mix. You know the big head of the ugly. Oh God. That's what Britain's all about. And to think that these people once world the plan is just about. India, Australia, huh? Right. America, New Zealand, America. South Africa. Last Mal Venus. Or was that the Dutch? I guess that was the Dutch. What? South Africa? No, the brits. Really? Oh, that's right. They had both. Yeah. They had both. Anyway, I'm Americano Stan. A lot of violence. Why? And a lot of violence. Don't forget. A lot of violence. A lot of slavery. A lot of torture. A lot of brutality. The bloody ass brits. That's why they alternative a bunch of... You want listening to New Roger. By the way, man. On 566. Achilles. Hey, man. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? May you fifth. Think, go, damn. My, uh. Mexico National Holiday. All the stations are giving away 6 to 10 clues. I'm going to get away 6 to go. Oh, we are bringing Mexico to you. That's right. We're giving away Mexico real live Mexican. I'm... We're struggling illegally. In the real world of station back. Then we hope you want to you. Imagine your own personal Mexican. Wash your car. Your house. Your crown. And you want. Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. Adios. Adios. Adios. They listen to culture. When you hear this out. And when? Mexico. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. Faving in the lost of the Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. That looks great. Single-ville mayo. We're own home. Every day. With your very own Mexican. Easily single-weas. Okay. Reason is a little positive. I'm too anisting up. I'm trying to be... Your most power key. To get in. 567. 566. So free and paid and grow. Or 5 times. So go go go. Now lift the talks for a sun, support radio, 567. 2AM. 2AM. 2AM. 3AM. 3AM. 3AM. 4AM. 3AM. 2AM. 3AM. 3AM. 3AM. 3AM. 3AM. 3AM. 3AM. 4AM. 4AM. 4AM. 5AM. 4AM. 4AM. 4AM. hands of the hourglass never turn over where man is an island. With a mad dog and Howard wait to find out if they're on foot or horseback. And when the slow clears, who will win the twilight's goal. That was the open for a most show yesterday. It was. And fit in like a rubber glove. Anyway, so anybody thinks that I'm exaggerating when it comes to great read and the Beasley's and Joyce and this whole thing. I have never seen such total disarray and such madness and insanity. And I guess it makes it exciting. I don't know. But I'm not even a little more ice cream to make them happy. So here's a fact from Leonard who says I'd like to meet a young Hitler so I could put it extra with skull. That sounds like a good idea. Maybe he could ask some of couple of questions and then put the axe to a skull. Hitler put him on there. Victory like to me. And maybe he will. Maybe he'll meet the ghost Hitler in Auschwitz. Britain's Prince William has been ordered and joined his Terroway younger brother Harry. But what does that mean? Terroway. What does that mean? No idea. I've heard of a far rockaway but I've heard of a Terroway. I've heard of Terroway jerseys. He's been ordered and joined his Terroway younger brother Harry on a private visit to Auschwitz and newspaper reported today as a scandal of rape over Nazi regalia and got the two young royals. Harry, 20, provoked outrage this week when photos of him wearing a swastika to costume party appeared in the British sun newspaper. But William 22 second line to the throne was at the same party and even according to paper when long to help his brother choose the Nazi outfit. I didn't know that. Did you? No. Oh and here's that. It's pyramid. Here's the pyramid. There's the Iraqi prisoners. It looks just like Terrowayers. Anyway. You pick it out. Oh, that this I got to get to that next story. But first this one. Now their father Prince Charles, who loves Clay Aiken, lost the pyramid to make a private visit to the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz and pulling to a tomb for their mistake according to the sun. A spokesman for Charles Declan to come in. But royal sources refused to rule out the possibility of a trip saying only that the pair would not join a British delegation. January 20, some events to commemorate 60 years since the liberation of Auschwitz. The summary for it in the princes would visit the camp in the near future with a Jewish charity. Charles' sources said while no such visit was being planted present any trip to Auschwitz would be private. The more the deputies of British Jews would have boarded deputies of British Jews. Did you even hear that? No. Wow. Sounds ominous. And by the way, we're going to break all records I believe on our website today. Okay. Thanks to me. Thanks to Carmella. They're Cesati. Carmella of Caesar. She's Caesar was her daddy. Okay. He's his daddy. Right. Who's your dad? That's what that means. Caesar. In fact, a lot of guys out there who would love to. Caesar. And then by something. The boarded deputies of British Jews said it not have been contactated by the family, but welcome to Prospect of a Visit. In light of this event, we welcome Prince Harry to show he is prepared to embrace and you're came to about the Holocaust, they spoke to him and said, Harry, younger son of Charles, the late Princess Diana said in the statement he was sorry if he'd caused any offense over his poor choice of costume, but politicians have come from to make a public apology. Both princes were roasted by Charles, but world sources said their father thinks Harry's written apology was sufficient. Well, as usual, your videos are getting away of any common sense penetrating your brain Charlie, you idiot. Unlike the Gap pro in Harry, William rarely puts a wrong foot wrong and is immensely popular in Britain. And I guarantee if he was as ugly as his younger brother, he wouldn't be anywhere nearest popular or as he is. British and world media have rounded on Harry. This, of course, is a UK story. That's why they have this. Because you're a random English which they invented, but they can't speak. You know, Australia newspaper carried the headline, Highlight Harry, Prince Goose steps out of a rough line while world Nazi was placed across the front pages of the New York Post. Germany's tough selling build daily wondered what Diana would have said. One of the papers called, and it's had hard work for the Prince, you, a third in line for the throne, hip and cool with a swastika neuromit, your party. You make me sick of my stomach as I'd eaten rotten food. You make me spew. How do you really feel? It Britain, a dilly mile, demanded a huge page. What paid one headline, come out and say sorry properly while the template daily star-bended Harry Lee fool in the crown. The voice of the establishment at times dismisses apologies feeble and said he'd fallen in with a dubious group of self-indulgent young men who are apparently contend with life of pointless privilege. But the Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson, who's busy with her way watchers bull crap, who herself has been relentlessly criticized British media, defended enough you calling me very good man. The sun said the scandal could have been much worse since Harry had almost picked the black uniform of Hitler's SS, the brutal troops around the concentration camp. How do you like that? Yeah. So others, you almost showed up at an SS out for any settle for the swastika. Now, you wonder why these birds have got fascism in their veins? Why you've got to see not see thing as a part of them? Here's the real story. Touchy subject that Royal links with Nazi Germany from the Viscis London website. Banked by blood but twice divided by war, the Royal family's relationship with Germany is people and it's trouble history is long but a sensitive one. And one I'm sure they'd rather keep deep in the closet. The photograph of Prince Harry wearing a swastika's echoes of one, especially disturbing incident involving the family, one which seared its 70 British collective memory that the Duke of the and Duchess of Windsor meeting April 5, 1937. The X King Edward I, eighth and his wife were known sympathizers of the Nazis and their policies. He was feeling sure by a large number of British aristocrats who admired the way Hitler was dealing with the communists. The Nazis regarded the Duke who had advocated over his affair with divorced American Wallace Simpson, no kind of OJ Simpson, as a potential ally and possible head of state for a subjugated Britain. But it's flirting with Hitler's regime threatened to undermine years of work by the Royal family to distance themselves from their German roots. The modern royal family was found in 1840 when Queen Victoria married Albert of Sachs Coburg, a German duty. Can we say that? Nothing more. Creating the house of Sachs Coburg Gotha. Sach, I'm sure I'm pronouncing all that wrong, I don't care. Sachs was the ill feeling towards all things German during the First World War that in 1917. Victoria's grandson King George I, fifth and honorary Field Marshal in the German Army, thought it prudent to renounce the German name in Tettles and adopt that of Windsor. And even though it's not in a story, let me say it again, the real name was Battenberg. It was a masterful PR exercise replacing the Tutanixer name with an of a quintessentially home Counties town. His son had revealed he wants to clear there is not one drop above my veins that is not German. Both he and George the Sith were bilingual in German anguish. They were by. Throughout the twice and thirties the world was steadfastly opposed to conflict with their ancestral fatherland and indeed George the fifths wife Queen Mary, always maintained that Britain had backed a wrong horse in 1914. WWE won. It sounds meeting with Hitler's red deer irrevocably to undermine the royal family's support among their subjects. It took the Queen mother steadfastness in the face of German bombs and her visit to the East Endering the Blitz 3 store public faith in the family. The Windsor's links with Germany remained a Tutsy subject, however, there was embarrassment in the 80s when Princess Michael of Kent's father, Baron Gunther of Iron Revenants, was exposed as a former Nazi party member at SS officer. Remember Baron Gunther of Iron Revenants? No. I just like seeing the name. Less well known as the fact that one of Prince Philip's sisters Sophie was Mary DeQuister of Heskaisel and SS turtle who named his eldest son Carl Adolph in Hitler's honor. Indeed all four of Pope Sitchers married to High Wanking Germans. The price-pectedly former Nazis and Nazis and the Nazis and the Nazis attending is winning to the Queen, many was allowed to invite only two guests. I'd like that. Okay. Let me say again, you Nazi-Britz bastards, you're not full of me and haven't been full of me for a long time. I'm on me, okay. You're not full of anybody, that's why you're all a bunch of pathetic drunken. This is the trend of washerweight your sins. Curve up your German roots and now the German people, see how they moved in different directions? I know Germany is a fine country, but like yeah, they still got a few Nazis running around every non-induced. They got to do something on their motorcycles, but nevertheless, and the Brits man, they're the laughing stock at a world with that Tony Blair and it will constipated problem they got. Medley, physically, emotionally. It's a sad place. When people say to me, oh, you're a bit big when I say anti-airport, real fast. And that's a dump by the way, he threw a report, don't go there. Okay, a dump, a toilet. Well, why would I go there? What do I want to see? If I want to see a pasty ugly Nazi loud drunken Brits, I go to Amsterdam anytime, at least have a good time. As opposed to going to Britain, would I like stuffy stuff shirt, yeah. A little bit, living in the Stone Age man, you're open a dark cave. You've Brits that listen to this show, man. No wonder you got out of there. Congratulations to you. And now while I'm here, if I could just educate these poor bastards to cut that on political court this cut. We've used light years ahead of both of USN, Britain, why don't they still got that damn queen on a currency? I've seen a lot better queens that could be on a currency here than Elizabeth. Okay. Why has been said? Oh, no, that was on a Roosevelt. Oh, no, Queen Elizabeth, you don't see her. I was going to say, I fell up. He's kind of a disgrace. Here's the deal on the pool. If you could meet anyone famous person throughout history, which could be somebody today, too, like our hot caramel. Jesus Christ, in fact, wouldn't that be great on your turtle ice cream? Some hot caramel? Okay. Jesus Christ, 60, Carmelade de Chesity, 22, built 29, John Lameh, 8, Michael more 8, which may have came. So how do I count in five? Einstein for, keep Richard Street, Alexander the Great Three, and then everybody was one. Look at now, now that we got that stuff out of the way. I mean, I thought I don't have a big, oh, I got that great story on the Duke Fixing it's a track from the New York Post. Yeah, dope at the track now. They got dope at the track. I'll be damned. In fact, you might start hanging out there. You're listening to me, you're Rogers. Chris, I'm gonna ask you a question. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's not fun. We're going to show you, we can really drive you and so goodbye. Oh, right. We can sing in a song, we're so good and up on the pitch. Five, five, five, five. We're going to play the game tonight, even the games for the five. Five, five, five, five, five. Five, six, five, five, five, six, five, Madison five. Who did your entire band? Oh, are you sure? Where everybody's so loud Hmm We will have an international speech, and we'll go into the lines and we'll keep it to the right of you. Let's get closer by. Let's get closer by. I'm dying on the hair. 119.8.8.8. It's interesting. I've always told you that you put the pieces of the puzzle together and then you look at the whole picture. For example, we looked at results of our poll. Now, Jesus is number one so far and Carmella is number two. But if you look at Carmella, you'll say Jesus Christ, see how that works? I do see. Yeah. Quit looking at it. No. LNK West is, Marge shot. Now, I'm not really sure why, but it's not for me to answer. Don't ask. Just put it on it. OK. I don't get it. Marge shot. Got it. I don't think we got it right. But it's close enough. And American soldier was sentenced today to a year in jail for the murder of a severely wounded Iraqi teenager in a bad day, a bad dead slum district during a she-out uprising last year. Staff Sergeant Cardinus Alban was convicted of Moltaa murder and what kind of conspiracy an murder at a court martial at the Icaramara division court. I said, Camp Liberty today, a military spokesman, B.C. B.C. B.C. Is the jail term Alban was sentenced to a reduction in rank in private to private and a bad conduct is charged. Alban is the second American soldier to be sentenced to the incident. And I still say that that's a slime ball boyfriend of the father of her child in the age of the Weber's name is. He is God of God. Yes. He always used the dog. Huh? I forget it. He should be the portraitile for the red states. 560-560, town 560, and a Verizon and senior arrest line. If you could meet one person from the right throat as we're living today or 100 years ago or a thousand whatever. Just for like an hour or two for lunch for dinner, for like a little encounter, whatever might be. Who would that be? That's our full question today. Me and Jesus will have a kosher meal. And Primalah will not kosher to me. WQM, hello. Yes sir. You have to know for the poll. Yep. And you never broadcast Q&B call your alaiha. 560, I just made it up. 560, town 560, and a Verizon and senior arrest line. WQM, hello. Yes sir. I want somebody on the list. Yeah. Keith Moon. Keith Moon, okay. You got a man. The moon man. Keith Moon. We got Keith's ridgards. Keith Moon. How about Keith's ridgards? Yeah. We already got him. How about Keith the who else do we know Keith? Keith Isley. Right? I never met him. But I'm not talking about him. I was the brother. I'm talking about Fernard. Yeah. Former PD over at Zeta. He was a PD before PD. Volder is a matter of fact. One thing about Keith. He used to eat like oyster eggs. Or some of his are like before sushi became popular. He was eating that kind of crap. There was stuff that was moving around on the plate. He's a bizarre guy. The late grade and drunk, they bruised somebody. So his baby bruised would be good. Have a little chat with a babe. Me and greet. Keith, 20 to 30. Tony and 20. I'm hot dogs and wash it down with a little. Few bruises. How many QA and hello? What is the bell, you? Is this Prince Charles? Yes. He's just on the ball. Prince Charles, when's the last time you had a good ball movement? Yes today. Yeah, well go try to have one today. OK, don't do it here on a show. You just silly ass, brits man. It isn't that you're an embarrassment. You didn't know one. You were the one who went to Y America because we come to this today. Would always be here. And these, these backwoods kind of a mentality. Tracer to our roots baby, the brits, the brits give me the schmits. And if I can't probably was their name with schmits, you know what? As in how much schmits. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. How'd you find the deal, bro? And back to you. I think the brits put for those letters in schmits. Yes, sir. I got a couple of things for your pole man. I got a comment. I'd like to. Comment, lecture and Jim Morrison. See you more since excellent. I like that. Yep. Okay, pal. I'll go and go. And back to you, bro. 560, pound 560 and a Verizon signal. Let's have 40,000 names on here. And the people are popping on at website man. There is a lot of poppin going on with Carmilla. Do I know how to find number one? Huh? Don't ever question my taste in the physical and the beauty of fine flesh ever again. I will. You will. That's right. You would have Kelly Ripper. The other guys will hop on Carmilla. She was cute. Yeah. Yeah. You're really stressed in it, man. All right. If Kelly Ripper was in a shopping mall and Carmilla did change it. He was sitting like right next to her. You would have. Kelly Ripper wouldn't take like four seconds notice. And I scoured for an hour to find that picture. Thank you very much. Yeah. Well, but you never. It was in the scour. I've got an hour. Wouldn't have the we a. Who have to thank for it? You. Jeff Garcia. Oh, that's right. Well, because I want to benefit that story about him, I never want to see him Carmilla. And we never would have explored it. We never would have pursued it. And I'm sure there are a lot of people who would like to pursue it aggressively. Ha ha ha ha ha. Believe me. W. I am. Hello. The British. Now. Okay. The British built a square. You're ready. Okay. Jack. Go read your history. You got somebody read it to you. The British built this country. Wasn't idiot. I like to. Maybe. Uh, Who? Baba? Baba? Yeah. He's on there. Oh, oh, oh, oh. See you. 13 votes. Thank you. Have a turn on it right now. I think Clinton's probably better musician. Don't be an awkward gentleman. And he was a genius. He was a brilliant. He wrote all that great stuff. And he smoked a lot of good dope. And he went over there looking for something. He was over in India looking for something. Yeah. He was there. They see you get all that money and start looking for things. It's like a lot of people are looking for answers to questions that there are no answers to like, you know, at least it's stone 90 percent. Well, at least they said, uh, we were wrong. They made that press conference. Yeah. They were. We were full of crap. Sorry. In fact, isn't that Carmella seems to have got peace of chance? Yeah. I had a line. But I'll just let it go. Don't say a choice. Maybe a lot of it. Today. You know, the great monitoring. Joyce. Yeah. We don't want to piss you off. You can't put it on the back of the door. Everybody knows radio inside and out. Now you wouldn't know. I already have somebody shoved it. Like I doesn't have up your ass. God. It's so sad. What's happened here in this last. And you know what? Why it happened? Why? Because a series of mistakes were made. Okay. And then I'm the god. The one guy that told you. Okay. And the one guy would have balls. And they perspicacices to tell you and have told you for like the last three years. Once you break the egg, you can't put it together again. Once, hump the empty hits to the ground. But I'm being nuts, you know that. And you can just see the mad professor in your aka Gregory trying to like with crazy glue, trying to throw the pieces of the puzzle back together again. Crazy glue? Yeah, crazy glue. It's named after him, right? It's a perfect fit. Now the good news is the Humper and I'm so delighted you told me that his lawyer and he they made sure they got all of that stuff out of that contract. I wanted to write because I was waiting. I didn't want to make any judgments, but I know Hank better than that. There's no way that he would have went back and signed that crap. I would lost all respect if he did. I need to not. He said he has a, he has a, he has a fine agent. Good. Yeah. Good for you, Hank. Don't take any crap, man. Don't take any garbage from these gray robbers. Okay. These garbage and a glam. And I'm, uh, a major air v. Not only was last every last word. Wait to see my summer schedule. How many days am I going to be working this year? All the got. Oh, man. All right. Oh, please. Oh, please. Oh, please. Oh, those text back. Please. Can't we get this done. We don't want to lose Neil. And I'm sure that when push comes to shove the mad dog, he'll get him to take air v. Last, I owe that crap off. Oh, you know, it's pretty obvious to me. He's, he's, uh, hedging his best right now. He's not in any hurry. Right. What are? And he's doing a smart thing. They treat him like crap if they, if they treated him well, he had already made this business day. And obviously they, they, they kept bugging and bugging and pushing. And then they just pushed him over the other edge again now. And now it sounds to me like he's leading the other place. So he's going to do whatever is best for him. He's not under a great pressure as deal with us, go to the end of this year. Thank goodness for that. Anyway, but he's not going to sign that garbage. Oh, well, we're going to have everybody's going to sign is right. When Norma can't told me that after conversation with Joyce, I told him is exactly what I said. There was an anybody who were sent out radio station or any station in I know that's going to sign that crap. Because when you're talking about the major personalities in the market, where are we, are we that disparate for a job? We're going to sign that job. Absolutely not. I'm especially a guy and I'm just being lined and dying heavily by the accorded by the other side. And so he can sit back and wait and see what happened with the dolphin games and stuff like that, which of course that could force QM not to like up the eddy and say, uh, well, we'll give you whatever you want when so we can keep mad dog. You see how badly they parlayed this whole thing in another disaster? That's why we can honestly say they don't come any better than grand. 28 past 11 and 5, 60, WKM. It's Friday, you best, she ran for governor, but couldn't with an election that even pushed the fence. So what's Janet, we know doing now. Well, come through the China Free No Food Bar hard team. It's much more of a task for us, just the old routine in the back of the ballroom. These are save of the art regulations science, blue-spot game in the favor for the most serious of the blue-spot fans holding their skills. Try out for the blue-spot supermodel where you can challenge the current champions of all the last four and the Michael Changpon. All the last in our tiny night with nourishment provided by Shaky's Pizza and Stakes in Shakes. Talk your meal off with some pre-me Shakes of Pudding. Your children will be immune by the broken animatron top and up town Shula. I love to have themselves make fun of me. Let's have more praise than four feet. Let's have more priests or condemned priests. You don't need to just can't have enough. There's actually a lot of perfect stormbows where I can stand perfectly still. Or try a lot of my Shaky and make cook-off and eat mixing competition. You can see this old bell is being teething busy. There are no fools that are arcade. For reservations call now. That's 1-800. Well, we should have a lot of dick-van-dike initially. We know we're 27-0-5-60WQM. I would love to sit and talk with the Pope and the Queen of England says some facts are here. Okay, the Pope and the Queen. All right. So that's a wish Queen, just the Queen. Here's a fact from John who says that there's one person I'd like to meet. It was a little roughly 20-25 years old. Well, it's 2-8 now sweetheart. And you're not my type, John. Here's one that's from Bobby who said, Now we're not putting God in Satan. And we're talking about real people. I'm even stretching it for a Jesus. Okay. We're not too positive about that. But, um, I'm going to do a bit of a lot of guys named Jesus. Right. If I get out of the time machine in Jesus turns out not to have existed, then I get to do over. I get a Jesus up at Yelp's. Carmella? Alrighty. Bobby says Neil Dios, P.S. Vernon is not gay, but his boyfriend is. Well, it's comforting to know. Okay. Okay. Julio. John and Columbia, South Carolina, says Dr. Timothy Lerry. That's a good one. Huh? That's a good one. Timothy Lerry. Okay. Speaking of dope. What a good segue. The New York Post reports dope fixes in a track. The Feds have locked the nationwide investigation into allegations of horse-doping and illegal betting and major tracks in New York Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida these things. California as well. The post is learned. 17 people were busted yesterday and charges of operating a mob connect to ring that dope horses in an aqueduct and Belmont and loud high rollers to make tax-protected bets have at least 100 grand. The ring rates in a million dollars a week in clients included lawyers, doctors, wall streeters and other professionals who placed their bets by telephone and on the internet. Some two and a half million dollars in cash was seized including 400,000 from the Hacken sack and Julie home of one of the five leaders of the ring, Marvin Meroitz 62. To get that name, Marvin Meroitz? There were piles of money there just like people leave their mail stack. Up said to cop, law enforcement sources said the arrest were just a tip of the iceberg. Oh no. Can you believe that? Oh my god. Providence theory by tracks in Florida and California are also on investigation as our gambling operations in Nevada they said. Investigators are looking at specific trainers and stable hands with agreed to dope horses so ring leaders could reap windfalls of cash. Fixed horse races, I can't believe it. Never heard of such things. Probors are also looking into the web of the mob is taking a cut. A piece. Yeah. A piece with the tattay is a piece for a barzini. Right. On barcats participants in this scheme have referred to the dope horses by saying this horse is on high octane. Oh. High octane. In the next days and weeks, search words of each should across the country. Wow. A lot more arrests are going to be going down once we're said. The sources said bell mount was riddled with organized crime operations that evolved up, dopeing, gambling and loan sharking. Asian and Russian as well as Italian mobsters are buying horses, training them and then dopeing them up to win big bucks they said. Prosecutors said of the 17 people arrested yesterday they ran a ring that operated in five states New York, New Jersey, Florida, Nevada and New Hampshire. 13 of them arrested in New York City all were released on bail. Authorities said the ring used betting parvers in the United Kingdom, uh-huh. The island of Kurosau, Fargo North Dakota. Yeah. And the town of Wattown, Kawa Indian Reservation in Tom Kawa, uh, Oklahoma. Fargo sounds a little bit far. Why not the North Alasko one on the trestney? Under the elaborate scheme the ring provided clients with special account numbers and pin numbers that allowed them to bet anonymously by phone and on the internet. To satisfy IRS requirements the leaders of the ring assigned social security numbers each betting account, their own not their customers. This allowed veterans to avoid reported winnings to the government the indictment said. And it allowed the ring leaders to claim gambling losses on the tax returns resulting in massive tax windfalls that U.S. attorney David Kelly. One of the five Anthony Uvari, 40 received a tax refund of over 156 grand in 2003. The indictment said, another David Applebaum 55 of Ard's Lee Westchester received 65 grand in tax relief by reporting 1.1 million gambling losses that year. The other principles of the ring, which of your name, were identified as Uvari's father, Gerald 67, a coconut creed Floridaan uncle, Tizati, 63 of Marlboro, New Jersey. I wonder if he knows Carmella Tizati. I said, I haven't even known how you do pronounce it. Is it Caesar? Is it well enough? AYP organized crime detective Sergeant John Hayes said, I wonder if he's related to Dr. John Hayes. Said the Uvaris were originally from Bensonhurst. They are low level, Tennessee crime family members have been for a long time. He said, well, yes, what movie of what I saw biography last night? None of them would be, but the Velocie, not the Velocie papers, which is horrible movie, but the John Velocie bio. Okay. That was, that's a bank. Apple bomb trainer Gregory Martin 38, and Renee Pullan, uh, oh, 54 a harness racing driver, well known to yours truly, Renee Pullan, were charged with dope in a 60-year-old gilding named A1 rocket. This first race at Ecuador, December 18, 2003. The horse had been sideline with an injury for 10 months, but he returned to racing November 21, 2003. He came in a 16-lice behind the winner. He immediately dropped down to racing against lower class horses. The real bottom of the barrel, and knows that of when December 13. Five days later, he faced nine to five odds with one of two favorites to win the first race at Ecuador, but Apple bomb, aka Pebbles, wasn't taking any chances. So we decided to have the horse dope, prosecutor said. A tube was inserted down A1 rockets, throwed to move the gas in his stomach, and they was injected with a performance enhancing drug. Said assistant and had US attorney Benjamin Groenstein. This is something that was happening regularly with horses. Horse races, Mr. Apple bomb was involved with Groenstein said, Apple bomb now faces 250 years behind bars of convicted of all 44 illegal gambling and wire product counts against it. That's just the tip of the iceberg from the earth post that they had to do like that. Ray, pull in my ass. Oh, here you go. Isn't it good facts? I'd like to sit down with Phil Henry, so I can ask him what the F happened. Are you sure? Yeah, that's what it says. Still Henry, answer to everyone. Yeah, get the real story. How he turned like a rash, like a cornered rat, sold out totally. Yeah, if he was getting paid the big bucks I could understand. I don't think he is. I don't think he's making likes to again a cash. Which is probably why he has to charge you to like check out his internet. So today we got you like all kinds of good stuff. If you're over the age of 75 by the way, be sure to have plenty ID today. We don't want any young whippersnavers getting all the rounds there with Carmella Ditch's. We're going to charge it twice. Right. And we also got Meredith back to your Bernie. He's kind of like a little bonus. You're listening to Neil Rogers. Who's it? Who's going to find five six six six six six six six six six six six eight five six six eight five. What's your name? I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not. I'm, and I'm a little bit. Can you do like who's next in the night all the time? I'mضan, and I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. I'm not a little bit. Please, Paul from the comments. Thank you. Just because you wished me luck. We'd have to finish the round with you this evening right! I'd have to do the round with you. Just because I was eight twenty nine dollars. I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna be a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I'm gonna become a little bit drunk, I'm gonna be a little bit drunk I think we struck the muddle home. I think we struck the muddle home with caramel on dayt's and today. No matter how you say it man it's the same. We are getting the response and I said, of course all of these desperate real super horny cant get laid in the warehouse. I have all these like links to each other and they're like, and they're like, oh, go see this picture in the and better check out this site. What you know that those are like, by the end of the day that they were like record breaking response on there. Eric might even accidentally make like $2 or $3 by the end of day doubt it, but he might. So there you go, five point. Five six seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 and they Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. If you could meet anyone famous person throughout history, who would that be to meet and greet? Dominic QAM, hello. The Russian. The Russian. On the east. The Russian. But he just rosey squeaking. I don't know. Sorry, it's not going to be on. Oh. Thank you, M. Hello. QAM. Yeah. Yeah. God. WDQAM, hello. What happened here all of a sudden? I think you're all on the internet. It's, I think we've been hitting on that too hard. So to speak, just just give it a rest. OK, just give her a rest for a little while. Let her heal up. WDQAM, hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. The Phoenix girl in yesterday. She take a razor to that thing or what? WDQAM, hello. I'd like to talk to any Goldberg off here. WDQAM, hello. Me, tell you, you don't run the country. WDQAM, hello. Oh, brother. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, what's happening, buddy? How you doing, pal? Yeah, I don't want to meet anybody famous, because I think they're all much of our asses. But I'm on this crap with Wayne. He's going to build this place. He wants to build it through the morals out after this tease and looking for a place to play. Not that I really give her apps, you know what? But what kind of gumption is out? Like, oh, get lost. And now that you're gone, we'll put a roof over the stadium. Right, to really rub it in, rub their nerves in it, right? Just like, I mean, you can't wait to come to have the beautiful Carol city and take a vacation, right? And we're going to get both out. So it's going to be pouring into Carol City. I can't think of any place in South Florida and rather spend a couple of weeks. Yeah, the beautiful, Lake where sir and go tell. Right. Anyway, look at the bright side of it. Maybe he loses ass when that thing comes. And what has your question? Yeah. The MCC wedding back in a guidelines, because I know some stations are saying things. And I don't know, is that something just... Oh, we're fine. No, I mean, it means that whoever the moral senses are are there are listening in those stations because if anything is getting worse by the minute, man. So have a good day before you say something bad. If really, uh, phrase to call and come and take your answer way. The answer is absolutely not. As long as a bunch of fancies to keep steaming elections are running the country, as long as they're everybody party or as a week-need and literally whoever it is they are, then forget about it. You're like, see, once you lose freedom, there's a little message, right? Your kids out there, once you lose your freedom, you don't get it back. So it's like taxes. Once they impose the tax, they don't rescind it. Here's what it says. Hi, Neil. Allah or hey, happy Friday. Uh, oh, Hawaiians. Is that what is that with a call it? I'm not high pronounce that. I don't think that they say the size of a Volkswagen of Beetle. I don't know. Hawaiians. We can, oh, Carl Sagan and Werner von Brown. Oh, that's good. But what else is the bit we got with Werner von Brown? They're a Tom Lerber, which one is that? I don't know. You've only ever got it on a CD or something. Get out of here. I've never actually held that bit in my hands. Come on. You pull it out of your butt the Werner von Brown. Damn, Werner von Brown. Right. It's about the rockets. It is? Yeah. Cleveland rockets? Carl Sagan and Werner von Brown, that's what they double you by the way. Werner von Brown also has both heavy life. This is from the chronic of cocoa and it hardly space-coast. Well, Hawaiians, Hawaiians, whatever they call it, that's a done thing. And I really couldn't care less. I'm way beyond that stage. OK, let's worry about what's going on this planet right here. Although there are a lot of folks who say, well, I'd like to find some place else to crawl around on, because this can kind of scare a scary over here. Mars is looking good. And it's starting to look at hell with a lot better every minute. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on? How are you doing, pal? I'm doing great. It's right. I ain't George. You're not a male or an female for the lift. OK, excellent. The male is Jimmy Hendrix. Jimmy Hendrix? OK. I saw him in his good drug and walked him away. And the female is George B. Stratton. George, what does that is? He was a man. Everybody here in 1980 or whatever. OK. And I like to say something to combination. Yeah. I like to say some to everybody in South Florida, and especially Joyce over there at Corp. For it, make Satan bless you. OK, pal. Good to go, thought. Yeah. You're going to rotten hell, Joyce. I'm telling you that right now, man. You're going to be burning and twisting just like Linda Blair. You're going to be spewing all kinds of greens spew. So what it does is Lord will punish you, man. He works in mysterious ways on the earth, but boy, when you're down under their man, burning and twisting and your soul is like gone fire. Your soul is gone fire. How much those guys were looking at Carmella today? Their soul, there's something's on fire. Spend Jimmy Hendrix. How can this much macho? Gabby Hayes or purple Hayes? Who? Gabby Hayes. He was in a Roy Roger show. I was like, it was hop along Cassidy. He was his sidekick. He was like the bird. I think, I'm happy. Roy, who? Firestone. If you could meet anyone famous person from throughout history, what would it be? Just for an hour or two for like dinner, cocktails. See you guys Christ. I'm not saying the word, okay? Jesus Christ 93. Carmella did chisady 36. Who's that? You might ask him, what if you just tune in, you better hop on our, if you're over the age of like 145 and you've got plenty of documents to back it up. Carmella did chisady. She's our be the curtain. She's a featured. They were little bonus coverage. They were little bonus footage and boobie from Meredith Faxcher, Bernie. Bill Clinton 30. Bill Clinton's got about 30 minutes. John Lennon 19, JFK 15, Einstein 14. Not to be confused with the guy that's running this place. Michael Moore nine, Hunter West Thompson eight, Hitler seven, Heidi Fleiss five, Tim Morrison four, Carmella Lecture of four, Ted Williams three and his frozen head, Keith Richard three, Alexander degree three, Phil Henry two, he'll have to do. Prince Harry's got a pair. And there are a lot of these people like to just slice them off. During our C.A.2 Gary Lewis two, two for your three clothes. I won't ask why. Ha ha ha. I ran. Woo, Brandon the world has got a pair. See, I'm a set of that movie. All fall down. If that particular moment, I want to just like to add along to a Brandon as he said, they're in a very tight brand new clean t-shirt and put my hand on the shoulder and just say, well, how's it shaking? You know what I mean? I hope think about it. Maybe I would have to say the movie. Yeah. The queen one, Marge shot one. John actually wouldn't do it. It's very depressing. It's morbid, but it's over there. See in that movie. The acting is really good. John, then when nobody's the opportunity to read the Pope, Babe Ruth or Keith Moon, nobody wants to make a papaya. What's that all about? Yeah. I mean, actually got with a bad V.E. and a dress. Like the, I'd say the walking dead, but in his case more like the squatting dead. Double this, double this. The Pope. Oh my god, you heard what he said about our holy father? Yeah. Yeah, one thing he was just some, so he asked Paul, I can't even listen. They blew a bunch of smoke. And now, hey, now he's like you're got all the answers, man. It is as it was. It gets the number to the, you know, that, that line. He's got the bad line to God, baby. He's got that red phone. That's why Batman and A.A. and more because once they lost it. In fact, you notice there were two matching red phones. The commissioner had one and of course in the bad, and the, that cave was the other one, right? The bad phone and the bad mobile. And they had the bad. Right. Her, P, spreads to Matt. From the Ashland Oregon Daily tidings. Now, that hoop, Damon. Got it from Jude Law and at movie. That's short Jude Law. Yeah, the one that's about three feet tall. A handful of wrestlers that crater and grants past high schools of a big diagnosed with herpes, and led to erected in both schools, confirm your state. This is an Oregon, so I don't know what we care about this. The crater wrestlers apparently could, and I see that's crater school, but it sounds interesting. Crater wrestlers, can you see something like that? Yeah, I know. Well, I'm wrestling with a crater. We got craters, which is a lot safer than wrestling with a gator. Apparently, contractive, viral infection, while competing at a tournament in Fresno, California, December 11, 12. And I'm spread to the disease to the grants past team, and they met for a dual max December 16, crater at Leicester, record John Beck said, a dual max between grants past and South Memphis, heads of yesterday was postponed to the next week. The crater wrestlers mean while we're cleared by a doctor. We'll compete Saturday at the Oregon, classic and redmond. Beck said the number of crater wrestlers infected was less than 10, but couldn't give an exact figure. Grant pass at Leicester, Tom Bynch, said four of his schools grapplers were affected. They were grappling with their conscience. The wrestlers were shot, thought, who contracted the infection caused by her piece in Pl eggs virus one, commonly known as oral herpes. The virus usually features lesions or cold source on the lips, nose, and surrounding areas. It has no cure. And as much as 80% of American adult population may have the virus, including me, with more than half a million new cases being detected each year according to herpes.com website. Yeah, I had a 1975 ahead oral herpes. That's 20. It's like, how many years ago is that? But 30, man. Yeah, how does it work for you? Bad batch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom, 5, 60. I'm even rising, singing the right of slime. Just woke away. Jay has the fact, seriously, my vote for your full would be for Neil Rogers. The reason I would love to ask you is what the hell were you thinking leaving the side of her resound would be extreme now. Stable unbelievably chaotic, you weigh him. Obviously, your blood sugar must have elevated to dangerous levels that he was holding in your fur decision. Actually, I changed my vote. I would choose Greg Reed because I love not only maintain employment, but performing his duties so inadequately. Oh, that's that phrase so well. He should do seminars on the subject. A lot of people like to know his secret. Let's put Greg Reed on there. People with resty amazed to find out how it is. What kind of pictures he's got? Love the show like it better with an nasty old nasty mole. Reverb back to the old mole, please. It says. I don't think he can go back. Don't do it. He's all right. He's okay. And of course, once he's on long enough, and they keep jerking him around long enough for these hours neverting. He'll start getting cranky just naturally. We don't have to like fake it, right? Right. When he starts doing two to four, two to six, I mean. Let's see, this one says, I think C. Yeah, Cruci be headed for our, now I don't care for our special listeners. The death that says, I guess. For our Spanish listen, I can make up with that sentence. For our Julio, for our special Spanish listeners. Right. There you go. See that Cruci, who is legendary on this show only of course. He was a community. I got well good for her. Now she's still dead. See that Cruci couldn't take a lot of a paper set. Plus, he was big and fat in other ways too, which a lot of us can relate to. What are we just here? I don't know what to say. Josh, what are you just here? The wrong promo song. Hi, I'm Josh, I'm from Indiana. Russian, ladies and I like scrubbing my smelly girl. I ask with so many from Jews and listening to the near. Okay, I'm gonna use the hour. Check out it. It's a little bit more. Tell me, ismail the new Capitol Hill Records and Taste is proud to introduce Al Gore's books on tape. You'll hear Al Gore, politician and public speaker, breathe life into such classics as Moby Jaffling, particular to interest me on shore, a tale of two cities. It was the best of times. It was the worst of time. He'll bring all the chills and eerie darkness of Edgar Allen Paul. Take that big from out of my heart and take that orb run off my door. Both the Raven. Never more. Listen to Al Gore bring out the sexual tension in the steaming novels of Danielle Steel. And on new from the moment he caressed my tender skin that someday we, they together, forever, so don't waste your time or strain your eyes reading books for yourself. Ship a boy. Pat scene, walk way out. So cry a ab available now in a Barnes and Noble bookstore near you. What is wrong with not delivery? I am a train political, eh? It's in 2011-560W. What you heard? George Mest earlier. Mark Lowe. Mark Lowe. It's the man calling me. It's the police report. It's the first time I support for the O560W QAS Miami Footloader Day. That's what we just heard. Now the interesting part of it is I actually played that this morning before the show and put it out to Clarence in the name only program director. He got to know about how he liked that. We still don't have any schedule, by the way. We know man dogs had some published a two to four and most of them in four to seven. And then after that it still has a TVD. This is the kind of response you get in this place. So that sign of self-honor wall. It's just give us the F and money. It's never been true that it is right now. We're not even really back in the day. This place used to go through the motions of really trying to be a real business. We're not even doing anything more. So we're not even doing anything more. The fact that there are people dumb enough to keep you in this their money. And we just put anything in it. I'm like, I'm trying a bunch of crap up against the wall and see if I can even stick. That's our new deal now. Barbara, is that say Barbara or Barbara? I don't know what that is. I don't know. I'm sorry. Lisa says my vote in addition for the poll. Be Leonardo da Vinci. Thanks for one of your lower-rated listeners. Well, thank you, Lora Lili Lister. Here's another one. Says Lee Harvey Oswald. So can I submit you to do it, Lee? You know you're a patchy. Just a patchy. You see Clion, Eddocami. Yeah, Connie Pinko, bastard. We know it. 560560, Tom 560, and Verizon, and Singular Wireless Line. Looking for the person that you would most like to meet throughout history, which includes like a third number of people, right? Right? I would say Lee's not the third man. Couple. Dominic, you a. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Can you get that fat ass Greg to get up to the tower and like kind of trickle a little bit like it's not appearing to Spanish and radio shit. I'm not going to have to. And you're going to continue to get used to it. Like it. Embrace it and love it. And let's pick it up and pick it up and get with it. All right. It's part of the new format. Therefore, everywhere because they're doing just about as much about that deal as they are about that promo card. Park, wow. It's the metal. It's for you. 560, WQA, Miami, Fort Lutterdale. What an embarrassment. What a joke. Yeah. Stand again. What an embarrassment. Right. You got a huffer. But what you have no shame like the Beesley broadcast group, BBGI. That's seriously what we operate. Florida man faces via weapon charge. FBI's as acute as the poison rice and and several weapons. Miami and O'Cowl of Florida man was arrested by the FBI after they found the biotoxin rice in his possession in a home he shares with his mother. Steven Michael Xburg 22 had at least 83 castor beans and other byproducts in system of the manufacturer of rice and in his possession the FBI said rice is a poison that can be made from the waste from processing caster beans according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The former waiter also had several weapons including AK-47 and oozing the FBI said. Eckford was taken into custody Wednesday night and was scheduled to appear yesterday afternoon. So this story is like this is on the CNN website last night. But it's outdated before a federal magistrate of Cala is being charged with possession of a biological weapon. We believe you're quite the materials over the internet but we're still investigating said the FBI spokesman Jeff Westcott and the rapid A bit FBI official said they found a number of seeds in packaging that his travels material is very poisonous. Oh yeah, what a better not come to your house they're going to find some seeds in packaging. Beats out of the pit. Anybody who's listening. 560-70560 pound five 60 out of a rising and singular today. The thing is Friday at 12.05 already for it was like 155 would be even better because I am just absolutely drained from this whole last four months, four and a half months experience just drained. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. You guys checking out Camilla on the website, Carmella whatever name is. You can relate to it. You'll be drained by which. And we are getting like phenomenal. I mean the Vasey chain for that stuff is the movie crab. Woo. I don't know how we're going to break our all-time record today. We're going to smash it. We're going to destroy it. We're going to butcher it. There she is. I'm looking at her again just to make sure it's still her. Wow. Yeah. Pretty impressive. Pretty impressive goods. WQA whoo. Not there. WQM hello. Anyhow how you doing. Pretty good. I just want to favor from you. Can you play that bit from five to the lamps? Body augmentations. What you talking about? Yeah. They look so good. They know you're going to pass there. Oh. What are you just having? Oh, my goodness. I'm going to shoot and get into operations time. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. There's wondering if it's some tummy chock and the lip augmentation has many Press. Sizzle-he-he face-tiff. All of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering. More of extra work. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Did you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. Me neither. No. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin research as to. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the limbs stop crying yet, Mommy? Exit surgery? The other Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. And then I'm lucky enough to we can tell you that one would be you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Or should I make it a point then? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Yes. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Popperlville. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I know. You're right. I'm going to ask you. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works the lotion in the basket. Uh, okay. Do you like to make it a point? I mean, you want to call me back. It works the lotion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the polarization. No. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to? It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I was talking to this guy. Okay. It works the lotion in the basket. No. It works the lotion in the basket. There. Probably. Five, six. You know, if you have happy Friday today, we got some stuff coming up later on. It's all we can tell you. Go and ask. What's up? Real. Real. Real. War-drawn malfunction. That's what resilience we're left under yesterday. They have to top my only camel for it. And with her breasts buried. At fashion reo, I week long of edafal but a collections which ends today. Campbell kicked off the fashion show for the TNG label in a civil-like flower print dress. Top of the white-mink stole. What are where she stole it? But less than halfway down the runway, they sleeveless and deep-been eggdress. Prove more revealing than perhaps. There's on her Tito best ahead intended. It wasn't here if a strap or button had come on done. Or whether it simply fit Campbell too loosely. Following the fashion show, neither Campbell nor Bess of we're talking. The people in Brazil are happy. I have great friends and the clothes made me look younger too. It was all Campbell 34. And a set. In recent years, Campbell has been a frequent visitor to Brazil. Proading at the reo and sell power or fashion shows. She spent New Year's at a fashionable island resort at Angrad des Dos Ríites. Angrad des Ríites. Angrad des Ríites. After the show, Campbell says he was heading back to New York to promote a movie whose name is scapeger. She's in a movie but she doesn't know what it's called. Campbell is joined by Brazilian top models. Isabella Fontana, Mariana Wiker, Caroline Ribeiro. And Ana Calvary, a Michael's participated in the show. She was like, two of us left her all over January. I like that. I'll give you. 560, pound five 60 and he Verizon in Singular Wireless lines. WDQAM, hello. A deal. Nessir. That's give was freaking hilarious, man. Is that Buffalo Bill? What do you call that? Buffalo Bill, yeah. Body fermentation is called. Let's go for future reference. No, I'm sorry. That was off of her. For your car, Neil. Anybody, anybody mentioned Bob Marley yet? Not yet, but you have now. Oh, right. Bob Marley, I like to hang with him for a good hour. There you go. You got mine. He probably has some good grandfather. Have a great day, pal. You too, right. Okay. All right. You probably know where to get. Probably, yeah. No, you're guys. 560, pound five 60. Probably, no, we're to get a good haircut, too. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. I'm going from Kenbro. Yes, sir. What about the fully answered, yes? A Neil. Yeah. Yes, that he said you're going to say where that good of the doi came from. Yeah, and I don't think I heard it, so he said we're came from that. Yeah, Vulcan Brands mouth. 560, 0560. Pound five 60 out of Verizon, singular wireless lens. That's the most boyfriend or what, huh? I know he's in those are Latin guys. But a QAM, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't have anything for you, Paul. But that's care to the corner. They're pretty glad. I think he was on the board. I'm doing another one. Yeah. Top on this is the French age jump on Z. Somebody QAM, hello. QAM. 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. Let's go. That's better. No, but it's good. Good song. Good song. Somebody QAM, hello. Neil. Yes, man. Yeah, I got a name for your call. This is a little kid. Is that your little kid? Long-twelled. We're a little kid. I'm not a little kid. Yeah, yeah. How come you're not in school? I don't want to say that. I don't want to say that. I don't want to say that. You want to meet Elvis? Yeah, I guess I'll be pretty cool. I'd like to say that. Before he would fight, though. Just in Elvis. Okay, good. I'm glad you had to clarify that. Have a great day, Pong. Get back to school. Okay? Is today a school name? Sure. It's not because you were in your early name. Right? No. It's a school name. How do I know you were in your early? Because I shut the audio off. Right. When I came modeling in here at 8 when I crummed over the sack. I started acting. I always see whether the audio is feeding, whether it's not being out. Oh, geez. They're off already. Hey, how do you see if this cart works? It was making small full noises when I stuck it in here. Okay. I can't like a fat-hate gober bitter. Well, I'd like that. Hmm, they played. The young Elvis, the thin Elvis, don't put the young Elvis because I get the wrong idea. By the way, Elvis slept with mommy until he was like 40 years old. I'm so sorry to be in the rush place. It's exclusively on 560. You and him. I'd figure as better than ever. Elvis, possibly in his first big movie role, since he's been dead. Elvis, of a way beyond. Oh, the... It's a little bit of a lose. Yeah, that's a completely new Elvis movie with a safe full Elvis movie. Touching us 17 pun for get-a-hole waves at 18 more get-a-hole songs. Including daddy bear. Don't be cool. Dying in the chapel. Who's swayed barrier shoes? Doing cut the butt-up hall there. And more. Yes, see Elvis in his system's performance yet. He's bigger, better, and better than ever. Elvis, how are we beyond? Laying it up here to drive it or watch where we near you. So, yeah. Like here, thank you for that, Elvis. The 15 and 560WQA and Rush Limbaugh sneaks off to get secret divorce. This is that pill poppin, the highest phone in hypocrite. An amazing, at least the right wingers are consistent, right like Miller Riley. Rush Limbaugh. DeGeneres. Uh. Ge Gordon Litty. New Gainbridge. New E-boy says, oh, he's been able to run for it. Yeah. Run on this new. Rush Limbaugh. This is an inquire. I actually went out and got the inquire yesterday thinking there might be some really heavy Do-be stuff in your air. Uh, there's not. And then, now what's the date on this damn thing? The date on this issue is, uh, uh, Gainbridge 17. So, I don't know. This must've become out actually a couple weeks ago. Cause there's a big thing in your Brad and Jen's baby joy. She's ready to start a family after Alan get away with their best friends. Didn't they just get divorced? Right? Brad Pitt and Jen for Aniston took a holiday from reports of marriage woes and vet into the baby making mode while bringing in the new year with their best friends on the sun kissed her, being out of anguilla. Anguilla. What is that? Hmm. It's curbing island. Well, I mean, a little bit in the behind the times. Let's see, Marla Auctions from Skifts. Paul and Yoko still fighting over yesterday. Uh, that Yoko man. There is one nasty piece. I'll tell you right now. Wow. She just makes me puke. Yoko. She's saying that she looked good. And she asked. And she like a reasonable person. Oh, man. Curse these diet disasters. She's gained weight. Crit, our Christy alley. She looks like she weighs about 600 pounds. Right? Man. Oh, man. Picture two days after Christmas. It looks like she has swallowed the golden goose and the Christmas tree and everything else. Matthew Fox saves the day. Not interested. David Letterman gives the list to adorable son and Harry. Not interested. Sandra Bullocks, FBI agent goes on to cover. And his cover, head rest, colorful head rest. What is that? Ice. Two. Always told our like to. Uh, Harris told, oh, and this is the one that's got all these. Oh, there is something good in here. I'll get back to the wrestling ball thing momentarily. It's not big news. Uh, Dikes. Who's a man who's not among Hollywood's female stars? You want to hear these? Yeah, I do. Okay. But you do. But before that, see now we've got something teasel big. Uh, let me stick a little something in there. Oops. Rice Limbaos sneaks off to get secret divorce. These are the three very wife number four. First Limbaos gave his girlfriend a special Christmas person. The officially divorced is by threw away for CNN anchor Darren Kagan to become the Mrs. Next Mrs. Limbaos. Oh, my God. God, makes me want a gag. Another reason that CNN needs to have the plug pull. Continuing very much. I don't think anybody at least of all of how us could have predicted the kind of you're already that this first. You're a rory. Did you hear that? Yeah. You're a rory. Of course. They spell it. If you are all r e. So she's pronouncing the last day fewer. She's in fewer only. If you're a course fewer, would we have been word? Yeah. That's why she don't want to say fewer. Is it? Tyler. Wow. You britz man. You are just the worst. You're pathetic. You're like, go up to whales for the island of white. And they like it white. Real white. bunch of racist bastards. Anyway, the radio superstar, back to rush. Real till popper. And that's last day when he answered white mark that we're divorcing. But Limbaugh didn't file for December 21 when he was lower. Sneaked in the chambers of Judge Sandra Taylor and Key West. In a bit for secrecy, the conservative commentator journey more than 200 miles from his 26 million dollar ocean from mansion and Palm Beach County to the courthouse of Florida's Southernmost tip. And it worked. He persuaded the judge to keep details of his divorce settlement under wraps. Limbaugh came into the courthouse to a side door. We're shown stranded judges chambers in inside are said. His wife wasn't there. Most importantly for him, his case was sealed unlike most local divorces, which are heard in open court. He came out of chamber. 15 minutes later, laughing in joke with his attorney. Yuck, yuck. No water. He was happy. The judge had agreed to seal a 22 page marital southern disagreement between Rush and Marta. Rush's breakup with Marta came last year. Several months after the inquiries bombed shell disclosure, that Limbaugh was addicted to painkillers. That disclosure made headlines around the world. It continued with the criminal provost. Limbaugh. He a pill-top and doctor's shop in clown. Hypocrite. A student and we have helped him be this addiction. But ever since, Limbaugh has been under investigation by the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office for a legionally doctor shopping for massive amounts of painkillers. An August he proved opposite by a track by dating studying but not taking a liberal. Another is the worst final sources predict they'll be married soon. Said a pal Rush says they're going to have a quiet wedding and then honeymoon somewhere. We're nobody knows where they are. But not disgusting. Anyway, getting back to more important things like dice. Right. Now this is the inquire I keep in mind. Who's gay and who's not among Hollywood female stars? And what you're writing is what it seems to be taking 20 calls. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. You know Georgia's time is always in today. You know like Mary on the cheese bread and all that. Yeah. And the mirror and everything. What do you tell Greg for a good marketing stunt. Tell him that that white noise in the background feel accrued. What? What just what I got to saying a little while ago. The Spanish language I'm really looking to background is to you. Is it not what I just got to say a little while ago. My son is not the fairly moderately humorous thing I said before. A million times. Wow. Don't ever call this show again. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How's it going? Good. You're still not trying to get George to bathe with that same ice. What does that mean? I mean. What do I do? I do. Whether he uses it or not. You want to share with him? No, no. I mean bathing with a boy of soap is one of the last. I see. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Oh, it's manly to bathe with soap. I see. Excuse me. WQAM. Hey. I'm a good idea. Yes sir. I want for your pull there. Okay. What about little Adam? Adam and Adam and Eve. Right. I want to have to have to see how wonderful the world was. No. I also heard George saying that today with the school that he's wrong today is they teachers and they are not going to be a good school. In date telling. Okay. Well, he's a good router. Oh, there's some brown at the America. I didn't hear what for God. That's what you think. Okay. Have a good day, pal. Good luck. It's the teachers working. That's why we had punched out there. So we've done an ugly having a new little kids out there. I'm going to tell you right now that John Ashcroft is no longer the attorney general. Or at least he's I can limbo limbo. He'll come to your home and beat the crap out of you if you look on it being to curtain. Okay. You better be at least 18 and prove it. Okay. Probe. They're going to be knocking down your door if you take a look at that. Okay. Okay. Peris Elton. Forget about Peris Elton. Stemmy sex video was Rick Solomon. The pictures. Peris truly doesn't want you to see other one show you're making up with a female friend. The picture has plenty to be taken when the picture is here by the way. Oh no that's not really. No. The pictures really been taken when the manks was 20 years old. He'll parasonacion with a pretty brunette in action. There is reportedly also a video that shows Peris and former playboy centerfold in the core lands. Having lesbian sex. Although Peris is neither she's the yelling video. But she still got tonswagon at the MTV Movie Awards when she and Carmen Lecker locked lips on stage. That's the picture that's here. What's more, Paris and Christina Aguilar are once spotted making out, and Mommy's Rally Hotel. Oh, man, they must have been rubbing on mouse noses together. Paris and the Christina, right? Or something. Mouse noses. Georgia Fox. Who? Reading medical trivia books helped me understand my role better. That's what CSI crime scene investigations are. Georgia Fox, this fellow J.O.R.J.A. said about researching her star-making rule. But what type of research did Georgia do to play a lesbian on ER server years ago in real life? Georgia plays drums in the All-Girl band Honeypot, whose lead singer was a lesbian, and she co-founded a production company with four other women that's fertilized in lesbian plays. So in a year or so, Georgia isn't saying. So, Georgia, I still say J.O.R.A.A. Walker for a return. That's a late. Deborah Messing and Megan Malay. Megan or Megan. Megan. Megan. Megan. Megan. This co-star is Megan Malay. So whatever you say, I'll say the opposite. Just to be an ass. Megan. Will and co-star is Megan Malay and Deborah Messing locked lips on stage. If they sat in the annual crack Christmas event in December 2004, the two women were honored at the event which raises money for the Trevor Project, which helps for friends who was sat among gay teenagers, and got to the gay spirit by French kissing in front of a happily stunned audience. Afterward, Megan Megan asked, is there anything better than making out with another woman on stage in front of the theater full of queers and half cast of half the cast of different husband. This for Housewives, Deborah Dead Tan. If there is, I haven't done it. But this gay behavior is all half for Megan, who admitted several years ago, I consider myself bisexual about her lesbian experiences with women, me can make an a married woman told the gay magas in the end because I haven't explored to the degree I'd like to, but I'll tell you, I'm open to it. You think that's just like a play on words or what? Don't answer. Don't answer. Don't say that. She's open to it. Jillian Armament de and Alice Dodd. Armament de, Alex Tannett. I don't know what that means, but that's her name. I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, I'll tell you, if you don't have a gay magas, Julian Armament de, an Alice Dodd of TV's judging Amy, we should've said that's when it's still in the package. Judging Amy coasters, Julian Armament de, an Alice Dodd, nobody to care who judges their lifestyle and to prove it their head to the San Francisco, where they headed last February and got married. The lesbian lovers have been a couple since 1995 and shared a commitment ceremony in 2000, but when San Francisco made headlines early when I see her for performing gay marriages, the two joined a process of homoes to proclaim their love for each other once again. Recently the two of them became the proud parents to run an anonymous sperm daughter from Baby Dauer, Hazel, oh no, I wish Hazel that would. That would. That's your love with you now, back in the day, I know they still sell it, I don't think it's just poppers, usually like from mosquito bites. It's a lot of like, like, shampooes and stuff. Champoes? Yeah, you mean like, girlies, champoes? Right, totally champoes. Ha ha ha ha, man. 12, 26 and come out if I do a clock you all believe it. What the, somebody. Well, Steve. Well, I like to make my music very dramatic and excite. So sweet, inducing me dull as Alan Parsons, that to this day, he must travel with his manager, Slabby Gold. Alan Parsons was a guy who earned me my nickname. Slabby? You know, when we broke I and the sky, we, it was a thing where... I get up, Alan. I'm sorry. Anyway, as private skating, soul for about ten hours. Damn it, out! Give it something! Sure, Slabby, right, right. Now then, what I wanted to say was... The Alan Parsons project. Every generation needed someone really crappy then. I was going to explain more in five. It's a big juicy, something that look at show business tonight. On inside the behind. Call 31 at 560WM. We got, uh, open lines here. Let's get to the lines smoke him. I'm not going to answer him, but, you know, I'm like... 56050, 560, palm 560, and a horizon, sing it a while, Slabby. If you could meet any one famous person from Toronto history, who wouldn't be. Like for lunch for dinner for like a late night snack. Something like that. WQA and... WQA and... WQA and hello. WQA and hello. WQA and... Have a good weekend. Yeah, Mr. Neil playing. Speaking. Mr. Neil, how are you, sir? Okay. Mr. Carr, what are you got? Sky boy from Porto, Newsy, how are you? Okay. Hey, I'm really surprised we get a really good signal from you up here. Man, that's wonderful. I don't have to put up with the myitrap. So, got you. Well, that's because you're not close enough to Cuba, right? Yeah, right? Yeah. The direction. Awesome. Listen, uh, the pole is... Yeah. Let's see. I would like to meet, Mr. Ball, right? If you could meet anyone famous person throughout history, who would it be? We sides are a good shrink. How about me, old penis? Ha ha ha ha. Five, six, seven, eight, six, six. I knew there was something good coming at the event. So, the fire. On the horizon, see. Ha ha, that's the thing that was lying. Oh, and how are we trying... How are we working out with that A86 second delay now? We got... We got more dumps on this day, and they got in a public man's room. We put tacky on him. And we didn't dump every 30 seconds. What do you eat now, by the way? We want to talk to somebody, or is this just some of you are snacking on? Byron pizza from Tony. Thank you, Brad. Thank you, Brad, from Tony. So, it's like moved right to the top of our list as far as our... A-to-type, yeah. I'm having a Greek salad too. Greek. Yeah. So, I thought you'd be doing that kind of call before about the sofa. I think we have a good point. George is into a Greek. That's all of a sudden. We all seem to be going around. And what's Josh eat in your day, but that's the... I got a sub. We'll be here. Yeah. Good choice. 26-2 pound, five, 60, and a Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. WQA and hello. Hey, on your path? Yes. Can I have two please? You can have two. You can have a pair. Yeah. Okay. The first one would be Winston Churchill. Why is he in Churchill? Winston Churchill for an hour. Yep. And the second one is some of it in loud. I need about five minutes with that. Okay. Thank you. Do a good job, Tony. In fact, maybe you should have Winston cigar up here. That's good. No, I beg you. Before your blow is brings up. Okay. I'll put a song on there. Huh? Yeah. Go ahead and put them on there. A lot of people like to meet up with him for just a short period of time. Laura Innis. She and any one outie. Who? Laura Innis plays a disabled gay doctor on the long run and we see show E.R. But in real life she's none of the above. Still, Laura received the 2003 artistry award from the gay rights group Power Up. When she was once asked whether she said any real life lesbian experiences she was spotted. I think everybody does it one time or another. Everybody does it one time or another? Have a real life lesbian experience? Right. Haven't had one of those yet. Right. Not as many as I'd like to. Cindy Crawford in 1993, Cindy Crawford posts suggestively on the cover of Vanity Fair Magazine for attending to be giving out of the closet lesbian Katie Lange a shave. And before that, we left Katie Lange off our polio. And before that, rumor started about a possible relationship between Cindy and fellow Model Christy Turlington whose now married to actor Ed Burns. Though Cindy and Christy do not having an affair just as past summer the gay rumors took on new life and bisexual porn star Jenna Jamison claimed that Cindy came on to her but Cindy who is married has set the record straight. She's straight. So she says she's straight. I'm straight. Me too. And in a cool Smith. Oh God, if you could see this picture of whatever you're reading right now, you'd spit it right out. Oh. Good. When Emma Cool Smith left Max Maxia Texas or is that Missia? Missia Texas. She left more behind than her birth name, Fiky Lynn Hogan. She left a lesbian lover named Sandy Poweridge. Oh, who is so grossest man. She looks like her mother on a bad day. She looks like Emma. And a short time documentary called Dark Roots. The unauthorized end in the cool. Poweraged to her and a grobby her into getting a big tattoo of Anna on her back. I had another girlfriend's name on my back and every time I turned around she was slapped me and say If you really love me, you give me tattooed on you. Sandy did just that. And it was on her back. Man. Heather Metarazo. Do you know who that is? She is ugly. Oh, God, she grossed. Heather Metarazo, who cut out with mainstream audiences in the Princess Diaries films, made a big statement this year proclaiming her homosexuality. The 20-year-old actress who's a born-again Christian admitted to a New York newspaper. I'm in love with a woman. I've been with almost for a year and a half now. Instead of out the affair, so what? What's it to you? I'm a mother. What's she said? Oh, she. Maybe she's just an unflattering picture. I don't think so. I know who that is. Who? Now, Mr. Barton, who's a little bit of a mischievous. As if things were already hot enough on Fox's TheoC, the action is going to get lots steamier soon. A lesbian lover fair is about to blossom. Between the shows resident fiction, Mr. Barton, and Olivia Wilde, culminating in non-screen kiss. In real life, Mrs. Harkel Longstabillionaire boyfriend Brandon Davis, grandson of Hollywood Moldold Marvin Davis. He is also a lawyer. Two of them we don't have a picture of her. Mr. Barton, you know who that is? Mm-hmm. You got to find it real fast. Pick a foundo. Cruise around him. Look for it. Here it is. There's some more on here, but the witness person is really good calls. 560, 560, pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless lines. WCWM. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a great breathing kick as that for five minutes. Well, that's not what it's going to happen. We'd like to be there to watch. And give you a big ride or a applause. All right. You go, boy. Man, the entire staff of you are like a not a standing, but like a screaming jumping up and down, oh, vision. Yeah. What we're doing to the audience is so well, you know, he showed in the beginning when he did the steering thing he had no respect for my audience whatsoever for you people. And the entire QM audience is not just being jerked around. And clearance, I mean, you know, there's my little dog used to say to me, S.M.R. program director, you know. I mean, what is that? We're still running this one. Park, wow. It's the metal. We can't push it. It's 405-60WQAS. Might be 405. Even after I pointed out to him this morning, it's a board of an embarrassing, and I put it in DCS because it's got a wrong time. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You know, back before it went under the tongue of the beast. And then, of course, this schedule thing, which he can't be bothered to changing, you know. And as much as we love public sound, and show we love him dearly, it would be nice know, which, you know, because a lot of you folks could go down there and see mad dog at you to meet him. There's somebody famous you could meet, right? Say, and he would probably tell you some really wild stuff off the year. And it would be great, but I don't know which public he's going to be at, because it doesn't say anything on it. And even say, the right time he's going to be on, and then TVD, it's 1238. And if nobody knows who's going to be on it seven o'clock, can you believe that? Yeah. That's right. I forgot where I am. Easy to believe that. Where's guilty? I see go to John the S.M.R. I think, Mica suckies, he's on there again tomorrow. And what's the deal with him? Do he renew as he is his contract, his spirit, as he just like free-lancing? What are the deal? A lot of that loop. Nobody tells us nothing. We do we just have to read Barry and the Sarnium Friday morning. That's the only information we get. WQA M. Hello. I'm a 10% of the person. WQA M. Hello. Hey, here you are. Yeah, don't worry. Don't follow. WQA M. Hello. You, I have two for the list. Okay. A few. Two. Okay. You ready? I'm ready. You're a lobby. I think it's going up the door open. Right. And I would also choose a Jack Ruby. So I could find out what really happened with Kennedy. Good choice. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Jack Ruby and Joe Robby. Have you seen the two of them together? No. Same person. I think a lot of similarities. Big punchy, yellow, Joe Robby had glasses. I don't think Jack Ruby were glasses. No. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. But at that time, we think what they were saying? Something. Perhaps? The pretty big things. We hit the level. I want a QM run away to a fantastic weekend and thank you for that. You are seeing the new ruckus for a month and five six weeks to reach any end. Till this is Randy West and as for our phone conversation I taught to Peter North the other day. He tells me your real name is Neil Down and he's still an interesting. What do you really rather have a homework? Lock it out there and we have a book in the comments. Yeah. For now remind that you can't get any dumber. It's the Matthew Bumble Love Questies. Yes, what do you really rather have a homework? We can get away with naming a vehicle like that because we're a giant. Meadow Boone dollar corporation was the first country arts in Switzerland. We're going to take over the whole bar to a small kid. So we're going to have to find one of these top-level toilets. You really rather have a homework? So the old car and homework are not a killer man. The more impressive they are, the more a rich, not looking at a thick wind. From 44 or 560 WM, Ed and Ford Lauderdale says for the poll Peter North. Seems to me we just had a message from Randy West for Peter right anyway. Can't put Peter North on there. A lot of people would like to have met up with him. That's back in the day though certainly not now. He's not looking to be a little long in the truth right now. He's long in the truth. Get back to our a dig thing here. We got let's see one, two, three, four mole. Can he handle it? All right. Four more, who might be in my numpy? Who's gay and who's not according to the inquire? Charlie's they're all. Really? Despite packing on 30 pounds, Johnny has set a bad teeth and sporting a squarely herd due to play real life lesbian, serial killer, Irly and Warnos. Ask when our Charlie's the Ron still raised temperatures when she and Coach start Christina Richie shared on screen lesbian love. Charlie's his boyfriend is actor Stuart Townsend. Finchie enjoyed a romantic time with Christina. Call her a good kiss or all the lamenting. I don't think Christina even had a lot of tongue. Oh. So what does that say? Through over. Yeah. Share. Yeah. Well. After her daughter Chastity came out of the clubs and she heard told the game magazine The advocate that she experimented with women when she was younger. And although she was the one who was always a lot more mature than sunny. Yeah. And although she and the nine rumors that she made love to close pal's cake checks and lies in my alley, she has admitted, I can't say who I'm going to be attracted to in my life. And then you have to do with the person not to sex. Well, there you go. And let's hope it's not anybody we know. Sarah Gilbert. Talk about me is. Sarah Gilbert who played wise cracking Darlin on the Hitch-O-Wrozen is a new mother of age 29. After lesbian lover, Alison Adler delivered a baby boy. Is that cute? Yeah. I knew that about her video. Oh yeah. As the inquiry reported exclusively, Alison gave birth via sperm donor. According to a family friend, Sarah's big sister Melissa Gilbert or little house on the ferry is ecstatic or vegan and former TV mother Roseanne was so thrilled that she sent a boatload of baby gifts to the happy family. boatload. I wonder if we're climbing to about that. That's it. And last and certainly least, Queen Latifa. Oh yeah. Queen Latifa played rich prison warden. Mama Morton in their head will be Chicago. Lusting after Katherine Zedge on Zedge on their excuse me, bankish velma character, little to convincingly, and giving further credence to rumors that the rapper act is a real lifeless being. I don't care what people think about my sexuality she said. She also played a manly lesbian in the 19 and I used to film, said it off. Most recently, the people party at a girls night in New York Club on Thanksgiving day, despite the talk she refused to say which team she plays for. So that's also we got a rubber play story for next hour. They're like, let me testify. He's doing the approlment sting. I want to testify. I still love that song man. I got it somewhere, vocal brides. I just let him go. He only shoots money grubbing stealing horse. That's right. The bitch had a comment. Okay. We like Bobby Blake and we like that cockatoo as well. 560 pound, 560 under Verizon, Singular Wireless Line. If you could meet anyone famous person from throughout history, so living now or living a long time or in between. Who would that be? 433 votes? They're busy looking at the Carmella. If you haven't checked our beating current today, if you're over the age of 75, please do it. It'll put a smile on your post. Jesus Christ, 137, want to meet including George. Why don't you let us with me? What do you better make things right with your Savior man? I'm not listening to you. Tell us that he, 47. They want to meet her just for about half an hour. Probably wouldn't want to leave though. We'll come in 39. John, let him look what he's got. About 30 men. Albert Einstein, 21. J.F. K. Scott, 20. Edolf Hitler, 15. You have to wait in line. The world family's got some. They already got appointments. The final rest time since 2015, Michael Morther, 13. Jim Morrison, 8. Carmen Lutter, 8. Heidi Fleiss, 8. 8. 8. And 8. They were 7. They had out of the Vinti 6. During our Cia, a key for each of these have five. Four for Bob Marley, Phil Henry, Ted Williams. Three for Greg Reed, Jimmy Hendrix, Hugh Heffner. And somebody, which is just the first I hate it. And Alexander the Great, and Gary Lewis. Two for our sum of in line. And once the Einstein Churchill, two for Lee Harvey, as well Carl Sigg, in the Pope, Keith Moon, Mark Sean, Prince Harry. John Glenn, Brandon the Wilder, me first. And one for Peter North, Elvis the Queen. And none yet for Jack Rubin Joe Robby, C. Lecruz, Dorothy Stratt, nor Timothy Larry at a 441 vote. That's what we got so far. I mean, I'll use your imagination. I mean, love you guys. I used to that. Right. So, how many QA in hello? Yeah, I'm about all we know. It's not many on earth. Sir, thank you so much. I think I just got through saying that like four seconds ago. But he's, you know, he's on our 49 second delay. He's on our six minute delay. W2QM line nine. Hello. Oh, hello. Just pick this meal please. Speaking. Oh, hi. I want to be real rich. Okay. Why don't want to meet? Yeah. W2M. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. That's good. I think about Edward Armourale. Edward Armourale would be great. It's tough to hear those smoking your face. You're going to be a fascinating character though. You're right. Okay. Thanks. Every time I roll, he was a teen smoking. You're going to be a nice character. Are you punks out there? Wanna smoke? You know, you want to look like we'll grow an opion. We'll grow an opion. We'll get early smoking in the fog. It's okay. Stay away from those foggots. And from Bob Sagitt to why you're at it. Hello. What do you see? He was very funny. Half-date. Did a little candy out there. Funny thing I've ever saw. See that. He has a funny, you know it. I'm a good friend. I don't know what Josh said. He has one line, but it's very good. Yeah, it's a well, maybe a couple lines. But you can see it on the ear. No. No. No. Well, it must be very good. Because it was great. It had been good. You certainly couldn't say it on the ear. I'll put charts. Not anymore. No. Somebody QAM, hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing pretty good? I got a name for your poll. Okay. And Louis of his birthday, this Monday, Dr. King. Dr. Ramart, Mr. King. Give me. And I would advise him if you happen to be a Memphis. Stay with some local windows. Yeah, don't. Don't hang out with the Jesse Jackson. There you go. Okay. Have a week. You too. Stay off the balcony, Martin. Don't do it. You're a young man. You got your whole life ready to stay off that balcony. That's another one. What's the guy thing who died who was supposedly shot him? I can never think of his name. Guy, look like Dr. Jack revork him. James are all right. James are all right. Very good. I just have a brain fart on him. I don't know why. We all know Sir Hands, Sir Hand, and Lee Harvey Oswell. You always getting refuse with James Earl Jones. And it looked a lot like James Earl Jones. I don't know what it is. Why do I always think he was dead? Now he's doing TV spots. Sure. Why not? Well, did got a game. You're a little bit nervous. No. Ficing and simple. So see if this is CNN. Welcome, congratulations. Okay. We're no embarrassment factor at all. In fact, that'd be a good pull to take. Who's your favorite? I'm a vice-type person, right? That is good. We didn't have it done that. Like, no vice-operative. No, not vice-operative person. I mean, what do they know? That's too in. But like, what actor actress has the greatest voice? Okay. You like that? I like that. Let me write it down. Because I can't put the real good one. Yes, I remember I said I'm not going to give it out. And then I forgot. It was so good. I forgot it. Damn it. Yeah, that's right. Okay. Voice. That is right. Voice. The voice. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. The right. Right. He's got a problem on the call with these described. You've got a full screen of human rights. He's got a family. He's got a family. Oh, that's me. Good idea. The right. And the right. Okay. In the right. But that's not my intended or suggested. What is your suggestion? What other project would you like? Pardon? Who else would you like? Copy. Copy. Copy. Copy. Okay, pal, I see. Got it. Tubby boots. Probably most people are on you. Who's that? He was like a big fat performer, like an amphorlaterial hotel. Tubby boots. Okay. I even remember what his thing was, you know? What is deal with that? That joke? Yeah, I must have been. WDQA, am hello. New, fearful. Yes, sir. How about? Happy birthday, Nuppers. That's cool, see what I'm supposed to say. Yay. Okay, let's say the challenge. WDQA, hello. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah. WDQA, am hello. I'm full of an, you know, hi. No, I was at that time, yet they're sitting around on a big circle in the family wheat room, yes, sir. How's my fiancee, I'm too good at it? Because you keep playing that good time song, getting against the best. Yeah, five, four times, oh yeah, that's five, forty, fifty times. And that girl got me for that voice. I had to read a first name. I love his voice. No, no, no, no, that's next to a Monday, Monday, I see that. That's why I didn't do the one thing. I'm sitting, letting it out. So message for all your kids out there, don't, you use your McDonald's a good material out ahead of time. When it's out, don't let it out. I'm just reaching for something here. I had, had plans to play that again. And of course, with a bad, you know, with a bad performance like that, he is deserve for me to play that, but just to piss you off. Sorry, I got my help, I was loaded. That's okay. It's a battle of theme song. That's what we do in North Carolina all the time. Get our help, I was loaded. Where did I listen? I don't think I have the right disconnect. 30 alerts here. I'm in the J-Tube, but story about a man named Jim, who around there, barely kept his family playing. He's the best one. They need to shoot the match and put the meat in the through the ground. Some of those little fruits, all that is. By all. So, let's go. So, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. How's that? There you go. That's a few. I feel better and get another one face. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and a rise in singular relis lines. That ice cream kind of like set me back yesterday. Don't do it. That the score ice cream all over does off like good. If you want to like, you know, have one of those days where you're going to cheat like crazy and make your blood sugar goes skyrocketing and just, you know, coming through yourself. That's the way to do it. Score ice cream. I think you know better than that. That's how it's like. I don't have it. You know it. Yeah, I think it would be going to challenge. That's pretty cute. I am. Hello. How are you doing? How are you doing? I'm either between Bob Marley and Greg O. Greg O. Greg O. Greg O. It would be good. It's good choice. In Pro. Greg O. He likes it. There may be him in Greg O. That could be it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, and a Greg O. He was out of here for like how many days. I turned him down. I'm not in town. I got in the ward from at women's radio. Yeah, right. Who are you? Thanks kidding. What are you joking? Swatheal on me. I don't want any awards. Just a month. I'm at the 10th and 25th. Or close enough to it, like you know, this outfit does. Clarence, you have to pay take your day early this last time. That was very nice. But in the meantime, could like make a schedule out would be good. He is as useless as breast on a ballpoint pen. That could be his breast on a ballpoint pen. He should be right in the ward. You're listening to me, Roger. I'm in a school of 16th. I'm on 5, 16, 60. And you a. And. The. 1, 2, 2, power. Hi, very. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. 2,000 for sure stuff. Next year we'll have more love. I can see it now. I bet that you're back out. I'm not even five to two hours for that time like we're more. When you feel your SUV, that gas rolloff you free. Even when we start our taxes, that this will still go down. And rather we'll not do taxes. O summa will be found. I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East. All these will graduate and clear-eyed. Will be. So straight, please, glad to be here. I sure hated this year. Don't be four-gars, elections. And no more flu infections. TV will be cleaner. And star-jump will be cleaner. Let's all look up. The five-gars, two-thousand-five. It's one of five and five and six. You see, nobody can tell me where your children are right now in Dave County. I'm probably out running around doing drug deals on street corners. But better be. Tone Eastwood, squinted like dirty Harry Tuesday, and that is he took him in Michael Moore. Michael Moore and I actually have a lot in common. We both appreciate living in the country where there's free expression. Eastwood told the star-jump had crowd. It's been a national board of review awards dinners. The table on the green were Eastwood picked up a special film-making achievement prize for $1 million baby. Then the Republican leading actor director advised the lefty filmmaker, but Michael, if you ever show up at my front door with a camera, I'll kill you. The audience erupted in laughter Eastwood grinned dangerously. I'm mean at he headed for rookie mortgapas, sitting well out of range at the table in the back Moore who received a special freedom of expression war for his anti-bushed filmic turn-hide 11. Chuckle. What a difference from last summer when Moore's supporters complained that death threats were arriving almost daily, and that director showed up at the Democratic Convention of the Party detail. But then Moore was outraged when CNN anchor Bill Humper suggested during interview that some folks might want to see him dead. Can you think of any other interview in the history of television where a politician would be directed was asked about people lying to see him dead Moore's seed to me at the time, right? So this was just writing it in the New York Daily News. Boyd Grove. But in this case Moore's rep told me yesterday, Michael laughed along with everyone else and took Mr. Eastwood's comments and he'd like to have your hearted spirit and wish they were given. Anyway, there's an MCC member, Urges Armstrong Williams probe, isn't that wouldn't that be sweet, huh? Armstrong Williams used sellout, you've faulty balloony man. Use self-hating right-winged spurts are you. Remember the FCC said yesterday the agency should investigate whether conservative commentator Armstrong Williams, broke the law by failing the disclose that the Bush administration paid him 240 grand to plug his education policies. Commissioner John F. Ablestein, a Democrat said the agency has received about dozen complaints against Williams. I certainly hope the FCC will take action in fully investigate whether any laws have been broken Ablestein said that the commission's regular monthly meeting. None of the other commission is responded to a statement during the meeting. After both FCC Chairman Michael Powell, a Republican and David Solomon has the agency's enforcement bureau to find a comment. Generally, the FCC reviews letters and complaints, usually from the same bunch of Ojo and pro-Bokkatoors and same funny people, before determining if there should be an investigation, foul said the NC in the complaints against Williams yet, and a part of his impure. Yeah, it's funny, baloney. You see that, yeah, really, always in the past had a wonder, are these people really, they believe the crap that they're saying, you know, somebody pay them off to be such goose-stepping, no, bebient to always the same, you know. It's all part of it. I got a great column about Bob Novak and other Nazi by the way. If I have time, Eric Alterman, you have time. We may have time. We've got a lot of important calls to make. A lot of important calls to make. A lot of important fish to fry. I forgot to say, you're doing this hour. I got to go leave down and give my blood sugar down to 600. That was bad yesterday, and I said to myself, when I fish, is good as it was, you know? I'm sure that everybody out there, especially fat people, you've punished yourself with food. What am I punishing myself for? What's all of I done? Right. Because I'm a nervous wreck because it's a great read in the beastly, because this place is a just an AC will be one thing if I was saying that, but of course, Moa is saying it, and a mad dog is saying it. And I'm sure the humor is saying that even though I'm not up there, we're going to morning to listen. And both columns this morning, very jackass, was usually got his headway of great readiness, and Jim Sarny, ripping us a big fat one, and deservedly so, with the laughing stuff of the radio industry is what we are now. Okay, because they keep blowing it, blowing it, blowing it, blowing it, making the steak, making the steak, making the steak, and screw it around, screw it around, you're a gun in the oven, and the difference is, and now one is out, and the sever is so out. And of course, they're always saying that it could grow out on their smart, like, straight on the wild oven, you know, dumb as a sodust. That was a boxer rock speaking a great. So, how many QAM hello? As I could redeem myself on Monday, I gave you some bad information. And what was that? Well, about the most during getting chopped off, it's in a black and palm beach. This is, I'm sorry about that. What memory I got, though, huh? Yeah, but just remember, I also had Catherine Harris, who's been in there playing earlier today. Yeah, it's right. But anyhow, the good. I heard it's on the way down. I think I have mad dog information for you. Really? Yeah, I know. Yes, they said he's going to be at the publics in Miami Shores, like 90s and this game. Well, that's useful, at least there are audiences who give this information that our program director refuses to give us. But let me tell you something. Tell me something could show up. Thank you, we're having a listen to the show before, and it's going to be such a such a location, and then guess what? He's not even anywhere in the same brand. Well, we lie a lot, you know? You know, the hammer, I think it was the hammer this morning that we'd say, and after the Super Bowl, there was about 1,400 people that wrote the FCC, and almost the same number when that Nicolas Shirt and the T.O.S. They have to have something else. Yeah, but it's all from the same organization, and of course in South Florida, it's all from the same amount of content. You know, it's all comes from the same people. Have a good day now. And you too. On the same amount of content, by the way, it's already right in Lovies about Hank. Now, why anybody could complain with the FCC about Hank? That's really a stretch. But you know, when you've got to vent it, when you want a personal crusade, it's a pretty obvious thing. Yeah, pretty obvious. Thanks at ask. Oh, he asked. Well, that's a bad. I'll ask him about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, I mean even, even Joyce don't mind ask is what I hear. That's the room we're going around in Naples. Even Joyce likes a little ask. They'll come in. No, watch it. Don't even take about it. Don't even go there, man. Where? Naples. If you can meet anyone famous person throughout history from the beginning of the time, and did we put Adam on there? Oh, no. Well, why not? I'll put him on there. If you're putting Jesus on there, the guy said, Adam is an Adam and Eve, and you can put Adam on the spot of terrain to prove that Jesus was really eager to exist. I don't forget that toilet tank too. 489 votes. So that guy's in jail now. They arrested that figure. Yeah, they're all the other facts, you know. They sent a Jack Webdress and sent just the artifacts, sir. Anyway, what do we got? Jesus Christ 1049, which is very silly when he came right down to it. I can't deal with it. I can deal even better with a QM madness than I can with a whole religion thing. It just, it maddens me. John maddens me. It just makes me very angry and very dismayed. It's just, it's so obvious on the face of it that you're grasping it straws, you know. It's all about sure of death. Guess what? There ain't no God. There ain't no Jesus. There ain't no Buddha. There ain't no Abraham. There's only Abraham Solomon. Okay, he's my grandpa. He's dead. That's it. I think it was also a rabbi Abraham Solomon. A lot of Abraham Solomon's are underrun. Like they've been shorts. Yeah. Yeah. Or around the whole thing. Or Sylvia Lipschitz. Jesus Christ 149, Kar Malone did says very 52. I guarantee if we wouldn't have that picture on there, she wouldn't have one vote. Right. Everybody said, huh? Who's that? How do you pronounce that? I said, can I give you a clue? Okay. And you'll agree with me, you guys, when you see the picture, who's that? You pronounce that last name. Right. Right. Am I right? Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, Kar Malone's got 52. If you haven't seen our video currently, I believe me. Trust me when I tell you. Trust this old thing. When you look at that, you'll say, oh, my God. They're saying he was wrong. There is a God. We're actually assembled a committee to choose the pictures from all the ones I gathered together. Good. What? Are you out more, huh? Yeah. Really? Yeah. Oh, why don't we make this way now? Who else were we going to put on in this week? I forgot already. I don't even voice. What? I'm telling you, listen to me. Next week. I'd love for the week and the guy who died more anyway. Well, good. Let's make it Carmella to Tensery. We can't queue. I don't have a website next week. Oh, boy. We'll have these people glued to it. Suck to it. And the screen too. Bill 1446 John Land 34 Albert Einstein 25. JFK plenty. Hitler 18 after the Batonvers give done talking to him. Hunter West Thompson 16 after they get his autograph. Michael Nor 14. Carmella, like you're literally an honor to Vince, UH, Morrison eight, Heidi Flys eight. Maybe root has got seven. Why haven't I had a big roots since I saw that one in the punch pool? Don't do it. Who have been in six? Bill, Bob Marley. Oh, I think I said John the Lodgey before. Instead of Joe Palachy? I don't remember. No, I think I said I think I did a bad. I know it's Joe Palachy. Okay. Don't give me any crap. I know my gangsters. Who have been in six Bob Marley five? During our C5, he pretudes five. Peter North has got four. I think he's got more than that. Jimmy Henry's Phil Henry Ted Williams, Alexander the Greaties have four. Lyingstein Churchill's got three. Greg Reed three. Same intellect. Carl Sagan, Jerry Lewis three. Oh, some of it on Elvis and Lee Harvey Oswell, the Pope Keith Moon and Mark Shaw and Prince Harry and John Glenn and Brandon the will he's have a pair. Everybody else got one. So far, long way to go. Yeah, totally can. To ponder that and ponder Carmella's thing. Blake Teeves, let me testify. Says, I want to testify by the parliament's. I got that over here somewhere. I guarantee if I took like 20 minutes off and just rambled around. We got to meet it. Huh? We got music. And not all over the weekend, I'll find a big enough. I mean, you don't want to hear it. The audience probably don't like it, but it's a good song. I'm not going down like Scott Peterson says Bobby Blake. Scott Peterson is convinced Robert. But this again is from the inquire. Convince Robert played the silence is deadly. The actor who's currently standing trial from murders convinced that Scott's decision not to testify. But he was convinced in death sentence Blake is not to make the same mistake. Of course, the fact that he was guilty is hell. I might answer to do that also. Scott. Let me speak. As source says like the man in its fellow L.E. M. E. Let me speak. A source has liked the man in before going on trial and superior court in Van Eyes' California for the 2001 sling of his wife that trailer trashed bitch Bonnie Lee Baitley, who had a come in. You have let me take the stand I have to testify he said. Sources say Blake closely followed the Peterson trial and was stunned when Peterson was found guilty. What you stunned? I wasn't. A first of all I didn't follow up but secondly, why would we be stunned? I mean he just happened to be a fisher right a body washed up, you know. He's convinced Peterson's team blew up by an alluding and testify said the source. Blake sees down what some of the jurors said afterwards. They said they didn't like it that Peterson did make any statement on his own behalf. Blake told his lawyer, I'm not going down like Scott Peterson. The brightest stars attorney, M.J. Rolls Schwartz back, is taken away and see attitude regarding Blake's possible testimony as the trial unfolds over the next few months. A top criminal defense lawyer is told the inquiry. They'd be nervous about putting the edge of opinion in it. I don't understand. He could put his foot in his mouth and his head in the loose. He does seem to be kind of a loose cannon based. Yeah. Based on some of the telekinavies he's given said top defense attorney Steve Pran, if our his lawyer had be afraid I couldn't keep him under control. And then he says something that might make him look foolish or manipulative or deceitful like a management of QAM. Cron said he would let Blake testify only if he absolutely had to. And he wouldn't know that under till the trial was nearly over. I wouldn't make the decision whether to put him on the stand yet. He said you go through the case and you look at all the evidence. Present. You wait on the end of the prosecution presentation and you talk to your client. You talk to people of an observing and then you make the decision based on the evidence. You don't make it to the beginning. Cron thinks Scott Peterson's lawyer, Mark Garragos, not related to Mike Varragos, who's the attorney for e-Russia law and passions now by the way. That's how sick they are. Mark Garragos was right. Now, let's got testified. He's lost so it's easy to say it's a mistake, said Cron. At the time, I thought it was the right thing to do. His lawyer made the best decision on the circumstances. I think it would have turned out the same way if he testified. That's what happens when your guilty is held in his overwhelming evidence in your compulsive BS artist and a liar like Scott Peterson. But in Bobby Blake's case, a lot of us like Bobby Blake, right? We didn't like Scott Peterson. Yeah. As opposed to a lot of those fat shutters who were sending him love letters and popping the horror, he's in the middle. Oh yeah. Same people go to Graceland by the way to move over Elvis. They're moving on it right now. Try every one more guy tell me that he went to Graceland with his and that was his idea or that his wife or girlfriend took him there and he wants to go back and see it again. I'll just absolutely die someday. Published after one at five, 16 WQM at two o'clock we got and then for it's the show in seven to ten it's a K10. So we got eight hours coming up and we haven't got well we know my daughter's in public somewhere. And we know Mo is going to go to the court. Oh, I just thought you brought that up. Yeah. Duff just slipped me a note. Just just left it to it. Right. He's going to probably leave me the first time. I need short publics. Yes, it would. Well, that caller set our spy are really into 50. What is it? 1950. 1950. 50. And this. So the 90th in the screen. Right. My insurance. Man, it'll be there two to four. And, and you know, I guess since he's got a year left in his contract, you're 11 months of whatever it is with this station. I don't know. I just don't know how you continue with that when you've got disgruntled people who've been jerked around and screwed over and lied to. And they're going to, you know, he's just going to have to do the best he can, which I'm sure will be fine. But not a pleasant circumstance, okay? Here's something that's a lot more pleasant. Armstrong Ford vice president and general manager, David Rich, called a couple of days ago to tell us that he's overstocked with Mustangs. He's got Mustangs coming out of every part of his body. In fact, David said that Armstrong Ford will blow off these new 2005, six cylinder Mustangs for a little as little as 17,900. That's the savings for you over 3500 bucks. Plus, they got a couple of 2,000 form models left and get this. They left them go for just 12,000 499 original MSRP with 1860. So that's the savings for over 500,600 bucks. Great, those plus as always Armstrong Ford includes tires and batteries for life with each vehicle you buy. Great prices and a value in friendly service. That's the Armstrong of Homestead Difference. So when you're ready for that new vehicle coming to the dealer, I'm going to treat you just like family. Armstrong Ford, a home stand, you'll find him at Southwest 307 Street, US one. Exited into Campbell Drive off the turn pack no matter where you live. Fourth of drive because they're going to save you $1,000 in Zillion dollars. Price and include all factory rebates and discounts with the fruit credit plus tax tag and fees. You're listening to Neil Roger F. who looks at the rate on five six. All of them. What a house. What a house. How to meet. Tell me your name. You call me all like this other say. You've been interested on taking away quite a small, yeah, say, say. She says she says, oh, baby, I she goes, she goes. I go say, she goes, like it's like a sea. She goes, she goes, she goes. Well, the reason I played this because somebody wants to meet William Hung. Find out the answer to that question is William Hung. But he is just annoying. Yeah, that's all. He's untoweled and he's a grotesque and all of a sudden. He's just annoying. That's the act. Jim says, I've just come in and I'm amazed at Thomas Jefferson. And they're already on your pool. How about George Jefferson? Right. I thought about Thomas Jefferson. Well, he is now here in T the Josh's put it on there. Right as I speak. Archie Josh. It's already on there. Just to discuss with him and what the founding fathers had, and any relationship to what is going on today. Oh, they would be a gas man. They'd be gas. Even Prince Harry would believe that gas. 560, 560, 560, and a Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. W. W. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to do thank you for today. I'm going to say that you're going to be a curtain girl. But I got to tell you the airbrush thing. It made your belly button disappear. You know, it's so much, you know. For belly button disappear? Yeah, the airbrush is so much. It's like there's a belly button there. Well, I'm saying that what you're looking for, man. The movie is either some of the pointers in another direction. Okay. One more thing. The other day I was going to call on the best theme something. And I wanted to vote for a Kappa USA. I like that Kappa. So you were saying? That's right. You're right about the neighborhood. I'm looking at it right now. I need some help. Okay. Thanks. You see that? No. Maybe she's in any. No, no. You'll see in these subsequent pictures. Oh, I see. So if you were to see the video, you'd be nasty. I don't know if you were like a nitty. Don't be not in caramel. Maybe she's our goddess now. She's the new goddess. I'll look at you in the mirror. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's the role of her sister jelly. I'm just amazed at you that you were like that. I mean, you just knocked me over with a feather dust. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun. I mean, what's wrong with that song? I think it's fun. I know the words that. Do you? Yeah, because it watched the show one of the kids. I was seeing I got even better news. I didn't watch the show. And I don't know the words. I'm glad of both. I saw the show like once. And that was enough for me. It's too precise to his role. You talk about it. You talk about annoying. Oh, there's another one. I think he and William hung. I mean, he's a little bit darker, complexed than William hung. Little, little, poor kid. William is. But it could be the same person. But annoying. I mean, just put that Richter scale off the Emily dial annoying. Eighth is wants to stop an auger prayer. Good luck to you. This is America. Baby, forget about it. And eighth is to try to move under God from the Pledge of Lead and says, if Edible Drugs has the authority to stop the invocation prayer at present and pushes over price and auguration. Michael and new dial told you I said to Richard John Bates. I wonder if he's related to a camping base and a normal notice. It was the a cough, a dolphin postio for five minutes till he put his tail between his legs and man away. And told Nick, say, man, bye bye. See that? No. I'm going to say, Josh saw it. I saw it. He departed man. He said, oh stick around. Be my defensive coordinator. And he turned up to be more offensive than defense. Be just a, bye bye. I'm fanfying so. Anyway, you asked this Richard John Bates with told by Michael Nudo that Tants to have a minister invoked Jesus in the January 20th ceremony. Vinylates to constitution by forcing him to accept our moderate religious place. And of course, Michael is Michael is. Absolutely. During arguments in federal district court yesterday attorneys representing Bush and his inaugural committee said new values, Kasia be dismissed because he's already litigated lost in similar lawsuit in the federal appeals court in California last year. The judge questioned both sides vigorously and a two hour hearing but said he doubted a court order to the prayer. A court could order the president not to include a prayer when it takes the oath of Orifice. Is it really in the public interest for the federal court to step in and join prayer with the president's inauguration. Vates asked and crossed the answer. He said, I think it's a good start. But of course with this president and this group of board again Bible something Neocon murderers, which by the way the people are dying like flies over there. Even I don't give you the numbers anymore because what's the point. Murderer butcher with more blood on his hands than just about anybody. I guess he's trying to be the new Joe Stalin. In fact, maybe he can meet the British royal family. Already has like his maybe they'll cotton them just like Tony Blair. Nudo said his case is different this time because he actually has a ticket to attend the inauguration. It's different for it than four years ago when he planned to watch the ceremony on television. Dress is department lawyer Edward White scoffed that claim saying they issued the two cases are the same and the still is not showing how he'd be injured by hearing the prayer. All your people go to those football games man. The dolphin games. Now, they do that also with the hurricane games. I would assume they do a college football. I haven't been a one so long. No, I don't think so. They don't. No. Why is that? So how do I say the NFL isn't just a sport. It's a religion. There you go. It's a religion and don't get me wrong. I love the NFL. I'm peeing in my pants over the game. It's a very, very nervous about that. All of my final score prediction is Indianapolis 31. No, we win 41. What? You think it's going to be high scoring game? No, I do. I just think you're going to lose. You're scoffing in my suggestion that the Patriots are going to be Indianapolis again, which is a safety patent. Manning's got a perfect record against doing with up there. Yeah, well that means any lifetime record. He's beaten him once. Once. That means he's on. And you're counting on the depleted. No, he won second there. But you know what's the what's going to do with the rule man? And like I said, 31 points for them, but 41 for the Patriots, five touchdowns and two at a military field goals. And you're laughing. You're chopping. What are you laughing about Indianapolis? They're they have no defense man. They're defense blows. All right. You think they have a good defense? No. Well, but they have a right to pick them apart. He's going to eat them for breakfast, man. He's going to chew them up and spit them out. And if you ever saw a patent saying he paid man, you probably won't spit him out too. God. Man is he even you admitted that whole family they're like we Tardo looking at what they came from injury. Yeah, he looks like a giraffe. Yeah, oh man. He in a head. But nonetheless he's got a great arm and the audio audio audio and he there. And you'll say, all of the statistics against those little girls teams like Denver, you'll see this how much that counts on Sunday. I'm trying to talk myself in with. I'm nervous. Okay, but why not be nervous? Why not have what could be a really great game? Or maybe we might get blown out. Who knows? Still a hell of a season 14 and two I'll take it. I mean, ain't no 4 and 12 and ain't like no Dawson season. And we sure don't have no owner like Wayne Heizinger. That's busy screwing over the marlins again and I change in name. You know, you're changing the name to Dawson Stadium because you can't find another spot. That's why I've been pro player for all these useless pro players that are not a business. We are not kidding anybody Wayne. See, I can't. If I would assign that deal with Joyce, I couldn't have said what I just said. I'd have to kiss Wayne's bald spot. And there's Jeffrey Lourier and David Sensen and Alan Cohen and all the other chefs. See, I don't want to burst your bubble. I'm going to tell you right now for the on team time and even most said this. You start it on the year. It's about the only equity thing you said back in those days. Sports talk is boring. It is terminal. It's the personalities who make the difference. That's why there's only one hand cul-berg. There's only one demand. It's only one Joe Rose. And of course, there's only one more. And that's what people listen to. Not because of the subject matter. If that were the case, all those other people had been on the year on those other stations that have failed miserably, they would have had some numbers. Now the head numbers all right. Most of them began with a- I didn't end it with it. I didn't. Oh, point 0. In fact, when he put him on the year, that's what I was saying. Uh-oh, another suicidal act by somebody. That's what people listen to. For the personality, not for all the left tackles. For the left tackles. For the left tackles. That last call. I'm afraid this morning. I just wanted to just scream. Plus the fact that I shot like he just girdled with razor blades. But beside that. The left tackles are so important because I don't who cares. Okay, go ahead and get some right guard. Straight a phone next time you call. But when you're straight, you're throw a little bit. Go get some seep recall. When you don't flush that thing, I get some liquid plumber and clean your pipe side before I call it talk show again. I think I was for real. I think it was. You must back in that slide. Like that. Who else talks like that? Jack Club. He's still alive. Yes, he is. Jack Clubman. He didn't say much about it though. Oh, look at that. Shurong cutting ties with Obus until he rains in the palace in the middle. Oh, that marriage lives at a long time. Two days ago, we called and said the good y'all have found ever something like that. Muscle toe. And now all of a sudden, he's cutting ties because of more of these crazy people. Like right away, it was going to stop, right? Right. There's the evil door, man. There's that fat halivost sucking aerial serons. Sure, this is a real Roger. I'm going to be a school student. On 566, for you, A. And... The boy baby, that's growing in me. And I still don't know if it's a jail. That's growing in my chest down in me. And you will be in the way that you've had to throw to me. That's growing in my chest down in my chest. I'm going to be in the way that you've had to throw to me. Woo, y'all, this is a happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, Oh, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? True, who would have been? Even you would have been? Even you would have been? You could have been!隋, you could have been?! What will we get today? We're both for الك and play a billionaire. We're both forICK forgoing, so we are both forimientos 13560 WQAM WKOS is Jim Sarnysis, Sarnysis finally got something right. Here's a fact from Don who's obviously whipped up into an emotional state. Don says Mr. Rogers, I just got through eating lunch at Max's grill in Western, who walks in? Gildy, his wife and her one-year-old kid. What kind of drugs is this guy giving his wife? She's gorgeous, she must weigh about 90 pounds and has a 34-seat chest. 34-seat. What's that under? HD-34-seat. Don't have it. Stanley. That's why I can't play because I don't have it. You have to put that on disk. A lot of those things. They're going to drop in. Yeah, that's it. Anyway, she's gorgeous, says his Gildy rich or come from money. What's the story? I heard he was well-indowed. Yeah, that's what I heard. No, I'm not talking about what you're thinking. Oh, what do you think I am? I'm going home to play to myself tonight for you to be the Curing Girls' Doc. Well, if she's really that hot Gildy's wife, let's get a naked picture of her on there and we can't tonight. Alright. I'll look at that. Anyway, this is the article by Eric Alderman. It's on our website and it's a little bit under longer savvy. And I'm going to read anyway. Three pages. Well, three, it's okay. I have your permission. The hundred-limbo, how low can they go? He writes, while often annoying, pediatrics and honorable and necessary corollary to medium search of the Holy Grail of Auditivity. But the businesses fall into a pathetic state in recent times as is clear from three scandals that reactions to which are no less indicative of how low we can now go. The first and best note of these transgressions is that involving Robert Novak, who will learn among professionals journalists through willing to play patty for the Bush administration and endanger US national security by deliberately repeating the identity of CIA's in Valerie Plain, wife of administration critic Joseph Wilson. Champhal is they were Novak's actions were nevertheless predictable and a career defined by his egoist to serve right wing politicians and causes. While he occasionally exploited his political connections for personal financial gain, in a form of high-priced off-directed briefing for wealthy executives featuring high profile Republican officials, Novak mostly explores his access for fame. Washington Post editors in CNN executive is allowed him to transgressions, and the Washington establishment continued to embrace him because he is so embedded in the city's corrupt, journalists and political culture that he can all younger be separated from it. Even the specter told two journalists, Times Matthew Cooper and New York Times, Judith Miller, facing prison in the Plain case when it's clearly Novak who's involved, seems to have done nothing to shake his employer's confidence. Ironically, although CNN is part of company with Tucker Carlson as an out-to-l-cancel crossfire, with its new chief Jonathan Klein endorsing John Stewart's not famous indictment that the show's partisan hackery is hurting America. The far more offensive Novak remains in Klein's good graces. Carlson is a talented conservative journalist who, like almost every other television punitive, has allowed himself to become a sitcom stock caricature as fame and Washington level which is beckon. A moderate right winger by contemporary standards Carlson complained that he was often expected to take the administration position evenly disagreed with the demonstrating the fundamental dishonesty of the entire setup. It is not an accident that the two sides and crusts were divided between political professionals on one side and hacked journalists on the other. In the far right-dominated culture of table TV, no liberal journalists has been invited to write to the level of a Carlson or Novak and are widely limboized, scarabored, etc. Even PBS's largely thrown in the towel and inviting liberals on the air, cutting back to post Bill Moyer's now to a half an hour and following with a show for Carlson and another for the extremist self-described wild men of the Wall Street Journal editorial pages. Carlson is about to get his own show on MSNBC where life's scarabored CMBC's half-less dentist Miller, rating 0.1, he'll trace the arise and the hand of these of Fox for part of the right wing audience pie. The mercy killing of crossfire while welcome on many levels removes just about the only opportunity for cable viewers to hear the liberal perspective at all. On Fox and MSNBC, viewers are given only alamcombs-type faux liberals. On the Sunday shows like Meet the Press, this foot is most often often between the fire leaders like Novak or William Sapphire and set a right conservative like David Broder, liberals need not apply. If you're wondering where the line that cannot be crossed by conservative funded student administration's bidding is, Armstrong Williams a 45-year-old black conservative who's a favorite in all those shows discovered it. As U.S.A. did a neighbor for the Armstrong accepted payments totally nearly a quarter-man in dollars to pimped the administration's position on the no child left behind law both on radio and TV. The arrangement which came attached to their expense throws in the sharply just how closely defined conservative punitive become with this administration and would be considered moving in particular. The conservative press is self-consciously conservative and self-consciously part of the team rover in our course explains the liberal press is conflicted. Sometimes it thinks it needs to be critical of both sides. Washington, the 240 grand for a public relations firm in which he is a partner, Armstrong put his newspaper column on a TV and radio appearances at the service of administration. The contract stipulated that a public relations firm hired by the education department would arrange for Mr. Williams to regularly comment on NCLV, no child left behind during the course of his broadcast. That secretary of page another Department of Official shall have the option of appearing from time to time as studio guests and then Mr. Williams shall utilize his long-term work relationships with America's black forum a black news program to encourage the producers to periodically address the no child left behind act. Williams explained that while he knew he was in rough-loaded journalism, he took the cash because the law is something I believe in. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not an A secondary choice. The law is notpolitical. The law is not a (?) rule. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a simple rule. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not so big. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal. The law is not a big deal.śmy department team yes it's at least to me at right now leaves lunch. We gave the guy when he was taking her home. They should at least buy that. Joe Bowen. No. Now, quite a coincidence, I think I must be my circuit powers again. They're sitting around talking about hockey because nobody's playing any. You don't care? No. Joe Bowen, we're five. Right? Bill Waters. Oh, Bill Waters. No, no, no, no. They're still on the floor. See, they're talking about stirres and sports. Which I never got to that story yesterday, which is okay. Everybody else wrote about a big deal. To joke. Who players, owners agree on tougher, steroid policy and baseball? We'll be do. Baseball players and owners of region agreement on a tougher, steroid testing program, including a penalty for first time offenders. A first positive test of the resound, a suspension for up to 10 days. The penalties would increase to one year suspension for a fourth positive test. Under the previous agreement, a first positive test resulted in a few antico's on. Yeah, they have a big deal. Sack on a risk. So it is. Just a joke. Okay. People don't give a crap. Specials down to them. I tell you what people do give a crap. And that is a, like to know when they're a favorite radio people are going to be on here. We can't tell you because during the entire program, so it's never bothered. What did that slip here? He gave you the address right for man dog, but we didn't get a schedule from clearance. So at least, Muff is making an effort. But parents are programmed to record a name only. He's just slacking off. Okay. He's just too busy rolling around under his desk there with a beast. They do a little wrestling with their conscience or whatever the rest of them will Hitch it like up for her piece. Yeah. That's right. Going around with all new wrestlers. Okay. That chirpies man. They know fun. Trust me. Five, six, seven, five, six. You're going to take over now. Yeah. That was what they sounded like. Yeah. It was in the, no actually when you have oral herpes, make a tiny little little. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's not good. Come in to QAM. Hello. Hi. Pretty good. Palli. There's not a couple questions. If I ever do this, we're a telegram as an NHL, you think to do it. Organization itself because like a big change and you really go through a front of the answer, split here. Good chance they won't. Is what am I would say? Very good chance they won't. What about the NHL? Your concerts they have a lot of washed up rock bands. I don't know. I don't know. Look to good. You're going to do phone. Okay. Can't you hear anything you're saying? When they're a bad phone. By the way, nobody tell season as far as I can see. It's somebody January 14. They're talking and they're not, you know. And there's a Rick Vive. And you know, we living his glory days and they're sitting around. They got a lot of time to fill up on Leafs TV. You know what? How do you like to have a channel? 24 hour, 24, 7 channel. About a sport that's not being played at the moment. And not to impressive. Easy to progress. It is. For what? To tell you. It's a pattern. Problem. I'm going to go around in WQM. Okay. WKOS. I should probably have read the very jackass and Jim Sardy columns again today. Just because this place deserves it. And I hate to say this because we love the mad dog dearly. We like to stay around by. Part of me would like to see him stay. But they're you. I'm going to say. Right. But there's a part of me that would like to see him jump to shift and go with the dolphins over the other place. Just because certain people in this place deserve it. They've played fast and loose with so many people and told so many have truths and untruths and BS and just assume that they could jerk everybody around and just everybody was going to sign here and do that. And you know just for once I'd love to see somebody stick it right down there throat. I'd love it. Yeah. How come they didn't come after me from that? I see you. I could have gone a lot of other deals. But that's one outfit that they were really smart which I guess they're not smart as they claim. Even though my dog says they're the one he called me as they were the bad guys. And they're the white knights. They're the guys in shining armors. I'm like that. Based on what? Based on what? They got Craig Minner Vini and Stu got on here. I don't know. I'm not too impressed. But just once this place deserves getting your come up and so okay for the kind of jerk and everybody around if they've been doing. I mean just unconscionable. I'm presseted including this show and this audience. Oh, well you're going to come out whatever Howard's done for the day and yeah different time every day. I'm not really sure if you're going to come up with a contract. I mean I've let him off the hook to hump or let him off the hook but only by precluding a lot of crap they wanted to stick in there. And now they're like now let them hang for a while. But then you know twist in the wind. Because that won't see what they got. Now is a double edged sword because they don't have either person out of the time they want him on. They got Mo on here which they quite frankly don't want him on all to be honest with you. And now they got him on four to seven right there and afternoon drive in prime time. They if you want to if he would have buffer from two to four which is what they wanted and he agreed to do. But that they got him on here because they got nobody else. So now he's doing four to seven which is not what Mikel said this is not what I wanted. And what Michael you didn't see that part of the three. That's all I got father to do. You remember that scene you had to do when he was sitting in his hotel room in the chair right and there was the three of them Andy Garcia and it was Neary the in Connie Talia. Tagashara Connie is not what I want to understand. Don't ever give an order like that again and Niri nods his head okay and Vincent finally grudging with you know part hot headed Vincent okay. You understand yes. I keep repeating it because it's just a great scene you know she that it's the eye contact between Pachino and Tagashara and so right there and she just keeps looking off of the saw because she was like a hard ass to a man right in the beginning you know when I whole saw I'm going to pull a pony show when he had Carlo off and she would have had a bug up a rest about Michael but after that she became like she was really should have been next to the family she found this right she's been the Adonis. How many two a.m. hello. Yeah can I have to uh you know. Well I'm answered take your time and go ahead. Okay I'm about uh Harry Terry. Harry Terry be fun I met him at one time he's a blast and number two. And when I turned into Mad Dog yes they I thought it was the end of the world the way that thing started. Oh yeah we're not off of him. I'm taking a problem I was I'm taking he's having a big argument with somebody out in the hallway I had no idea what that was going on. Yeah unbelievable. It really is welcome not crazy place man thanks. Have you got Harry Terry that's C.A.R.A. why by the way it's not the way most people spelled but that's why he spelled it which wasn't his real name I figured he's really was like some Italian name he was an orphan Harry. But I guess you don't make any difference I said that big bar roll. So this guy right now. Shouldn't we just out of courtesy? Shouldn't we like do a little just dropping a little something in here? One moment. One moment so he's I want to find the appropriate thing for here. Take a touch. Here it is. I'm a company. I know but man I trust you are true. See. What are we going to say Harry? WQAM hello. You'll got. Yes sir speaking. Harry Terry is great but I got one better and I'd love to sit down and reminisce with Jackie Colleath. Jackie Glazele and the great you could meet him for dinner at Pompano Park used to be there at a table right in front of the window. But he'd have stories to make here throughout of every office you're by. Guarantee. Okay good choice. Thanks a lot. Softwater legend Jackie Glazele and he's still dead by the way. Art Carnie. I can't believe Art Carnie's dead. That's bad. I mean it's bad that Jackie Reasons dead too but Art Carnie was like. You know what I mean? He was a what? He's just a good good good thing. I mean everybody like Dartarnie right? Absolutely. And image in Coco. Mm-hmm. Now I get on the right you see. No I see his on with said Caesar. Yeah. Well it's hard to keep him all you know it's straight so to speak. It's hard to figure that for you. I mean Steve Allen I know because it's like like I said yesterday Tom Postan Donuts. Dave Nell and Louis Nye. All of these. All of these straight. WQAM hello. You'll get out the new. Yes sir. Good afternoon to you. Well you know something I'm a big QAM fan listening you for years. Follow you for my O.D. But I've never seen a station more screwed up. It can't make a decision and just get it right already. That's just a lovely correction. A pissed off. I love all these shows but it's our David. Have a nice day. Man is he gonna take care of. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Yeah. I'm great weekend. Thank you too. Yeah I just don't understand but like I said I'm not going to get myself all better to shape any more because yesterday I thought it was going to have a nervous breakdown over it. And even though I finally got my deal done now they're like a screw in this whole thing up. And it's just give the guy what he wants. Quit screwing with him okay doesn't need to be doing interviews. He's right. He interviews our boring. That's not his style. He's just fine. He doesn't need any help okay. Believe me not any of the management people in this radio station ever even one Iota of assistance to any of us on the year and do our show okay. Line to stop. Turn us loose let us go okay. We know where the parameters are. We got a 75 minute delay now so you don't have to worry too much about that. And this led us to our thing. That's it. Simple right. Not here. They complicated. They make it into a big psychotic image okay. I don't know what it's all about. I really think that. Remember I want to go through the whole thing. Well I think that certain people in this organization are before this is a submit to a a second year for these and no two or at least submit or at least just submit like their resignation. You're listening to new Roger. I'm on 566. Are you a. Oh. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. We're going to. They're going to. That's not what we want to that. That's what I wanted. Here's the folder day. So you're wanting to talk very seriously right now in the midst of all this. That lunch. We're going to the ice cream. Not. Not to anymore. Two things. It's. Not going to do. And. station and it's insanity because they, you know, just when I got my whole deal done, just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in to all the, uh, mess. Just when I thought that we're going to get all the stuff done and then last Monday night with this past Monday night, oh, my dog's made us to see me staying with us. Everything, everything's gopecetic, right? No. Wrong. They just can't stop, pucks me with people. They can't stop messing with people, okay? And that's the main problem. This whole radio station, we had it, we had it kickman. We had the world by the balls back in the spring. And the big book Joe Rose was kicking ass mad dog kicking ass, uh, hump or any afternoon. We're doing great. And the huge rating book everybody's getting bonus money up the old nose, whoever they're sticking it. But no, never satisfied. And how many times did this audience and people listen to me for a long time, heard the same lament because no matter what station you're on a matter, what company you're working for, they, and I'm sure a lot of you have no the same and wherever you may be working. They never stop messing with success. If things are going to good, they can't stand with. They can't have a prosperity. They always fight away to cleanse the feet from the draws of victory, to cleanse misery and agony from my happiness and prosperity. And it's just astonishing how inept and incompetent these people are, but nevertheless, they got the title, you know, if you could meet anyone famous person throughout history who would it be, we asked today, and we got like 620, what we got a lot of good names on here. Jesus Christ, 181, a lot of people always invoke he's name every time you turn around. He, you know, has great right. Carmelah did chesity man. She is the superstar. And I don't know if today will have around here for a different picture every day next week, except look forward to. Okay. Bill Clinton 51, John Lund 39, Albert Einstein 31, JFK 25, him there 23, okay. Like I said, the whole British royal family we stand there online ahead of you to give this autograph. But maybe we were there done. And when have you nice to see Prince Harry and Prince William both fry it, I wish that I paid to see that. Okay, the mad dog is coming up and I actually have a great weekend. Say a couple of heel marries for my Patriots. Please. Bye. Bye.