do with the with these right way into a lands on strong now and now he's accused everybody's accused it's an era of eat dog world meeting is it just for lack of a better word so you ready for the trends uh... i got some interesting news for you because you're a little under the weather i'm just getting over that now you're getting it everybody's got a lot but uh... got some interesting news because you remember we had that blow up in a station on Wednesday over uh... as a result of a poll that took a while and ask you how many polls as he been on that taken over the last three years that's a lot of these maybe a hundred and about any history that was not never the scene in godfather work on the uh... where it gets beaten up for the second time by car low and uh... you know ticket a clean up you've been a brand needs being there all the calls of sonny on the phone yeah and she's crying yeah and uh... he gets a get him on a closet set up well it's a similar kind of a deal dog and pony show he's going to be on a closet i have from pretty good the source that somebody we know i'm not going to mention a name says been sniffing around town again that's story by sarnie about somebody signing a two year extension that was a premature evaluation is usual sarnie knows nothing yeah there's no two years that you know work and so evidently some is been sniffing around town so he would like to use me as an excuse to take a walk uh... guess what that ain't gonna happen i'm not going to be anybody's patty okay pansy maybe but patty no you know i like to fact that he said about nine times that he wasn't upset yeah of course it didn't bother him now i didn't because of his just all the dog and pony show just to as an excuse oh i thought that line was in about why just might walk out you know you know something else develops uh... will package the longest sandwich yeah gave you a nice case yeah exactly is a chinese a uh... he doesn't behave and cucks a horse is that what the chinese say something like that did you see this trans are gonna be out of no what's the time to continue a man was really it's like her whole audience to disappear to everyone's in a while i've been trying to have a month like that although that was after we made all the changes again for the idiot time so well february we really make the uh... the big change of managed until february right so that should be reflected in this trend yeah right yes okay but i've who who don't know is i mean they're all depends if anybody uh... like Sammy so says book real english got a barrier whatever you know who knows because if we have another badwin february the party's over baby yeah over well the doors could be i'm looking at his law today and uh... this must be an equal fool's joke yeah there was a if they just see yesterday's two did not like this yesterday's was weak but this is uh... real stifo speaking of our steel is a man who just actly did you see the sun sent a story about the slots and we got it i got it and yeah it just makes you weak it's just the same old garbage all over again although i think this state senate might have so close in that committee ten to nine i think the uh... the state senate is going to put up with that well hopefully jable go to work on it you know that i see that the uh... first people and the dog and highlight people are at each other's troops to the this is really working out very good with it now oh boy they never learn say yes sometimes people get what they deserve and yeah that's what's going to happen they never learn although i will say this now they're talking about limiting the number to three thousand even if they do the bingo stone three thousand in each facility well we're now the back come from three thousand is huge yeah that's a lot the new casino in uh... i'd be a falls the falls here which is a beautiful place they've got three thousand and it's gigantic i mean woodbinds got seventeen hundred minutes very big so they had three thousand that would be a huge yeah even if they're uh... not real slot yeah even if they just make believe like most everything in order make believe it's a land of make well we'll be listening today we'll do a good job tomorrow i'll be watching them wrong attack i'll be watching you from uh... plantation tomorrow i'll wave at you are you're gonna be here yeah all right so i'll see you monday okay great and hopefully we can celebrate a big trend i look forward to that for something like that okay i'm gonna bring it up once in dishes and he'd mull against the wall stand a whip clean it up just while getting brats yeah oh don't make me a halfway feel better thanks i'm doing it bye bye why do you f**k the f**k mugs down i'm any more okay we're here in hank again doing the interview or something or how can somebody's got a power rumors i'm right at the ticket I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man I'm going to get a high-level man So don't tell anybody ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Okay, anyway, we just show in St. Peter Square there. It's a 504 because they're already on daylight time when we can't have us. Don't forget by the way, this week in tomorrow night, turn your clock to head. Okay, spring ahead, fall back, all other quite crap. Okay, spring ahead, fall back. Saturday morning. Yeah. Back to, like I said, tomorrow night, you're not aware of that to a clock in the morning or not. Yeah, the morning, more generally aware of it. I keep talking about it. Anyway, they're already on daylight time in Europe. So it's five little after five and afternoon over there. And there were some gits keys in the St. Peter Square. They were in a course pretty soon. They're going to be blown at smoke. Maybe through a few. Yeah. We're big gigantic Vatican Bong. Some of us have to do it. Yeah, I know. But at any rate, it's amazing that we got this new TV death watch. There's Sanjay Gupta again on CNN. Look in that there. I just pooped it when I saw Sanjay Gupta. It's just incredible. Anyway, let's get going. We got dimbo number two on our website today. No name. She doesn't need the name. Her face could use a little work, which he's got. Huge, whatever you're looking for. Okay, huge design. Shapely. I use a huge max set. If it's been about there, she has dimbo number two. Not even the same league with number one yesterday. She was really fine. Yeah. The Y.I. wine. This is amazing. A bigger part of this one has body paint. I don't care what it's got. They face could use a lot of work this one today. But anyway, there's dimbo number two. We also got the boon in the box that'll stay up there in perpetuity. As we have the show in the show here and we got Pat Boon with his package in a package. TV. Oh, I speak on TV death watch. Frank Purdue is dead. The chicken man. He's dead. You're not impressed by that? Everybody was trying to Purdue. He was the chicken. He wasn't that old. I was no how old he was. I don't think he was born in 1847. We're going to make him. Let's see. We got the trends coming out in 1130. We're just stalling around for next hour and 20 minutes. It's a lot of crappetation in that building. Let me take it right now. Wow. People are just on pins and needles. That's so much that we're concerned that anybody also be going up. But we're concerned about us going down. Oh man. Okay. Let's take a look at yesterday's pool. Let me see it again. The case you missed a little crossover there with Hank. This whole dog and pony show that went on our air at Wednesday afternoon. Anybody can deny it all they want. I know this for a fact. I had it right from the horses Patonia. No question about it. See one thing about when you start sniffing around all over the market for work. Everybody's in total to do that. You know, whatever they want to do. I have no problem with that. In fact, that pack somebody sandwich. But the word gets out. Everybody talks. Stopped up. Everybody's got a big mouth. But the fact is, I wouldn't even mention it. We're not for the fact that that was so contrived in that outrage and hysteria over over a pool. Come on. Man. Get serious. We've been more pools with him on. In fact, back in the early days when it was like World War Seven, he was on every other pool that we did. And winning handling by the way. Nice job, Mo. But anyway, that's what that's all about. You know, that would be a real good excuse. Well, Neil Rogers, blah blah blah blah. I'm not going to put up with this in the way he goes. Some will see other than politicians who's death, you most eagerly await. That's our poll question. If we answer, they're 16, and 73 votes. A lot of say to stuff. They're Jerry Falwell past Terry once Terry kind of like gave up the ghost. And so did the Pope as a matter of fact. Now that he's moved up into a strong position. Jerry Falwell, fourth or 13, I did a little search on it to see if I could find any update on his latest, the near death experience. Falwell, but I don't see nothing. Huh? Nothing. Nothing do promising on there. No. The last thing I saw was from Wednesday, which of course, when you're dealing in life in that situation, two days ago is like an eternity. So we don't know. Falwell, fourth or 13, he beat the crap out of everybody in rightfully. So he should only croak. The Pope, 181, he just may give you your wish. Terry Shival 176, and of course, so she already did it. For off and out, Castro 159, that bearded bastard, Rush Limbaugh, that fat pill pop at that fat grid, I've written 40, murdering OJ Simpson 124. PINNY, you see, are we a three people past me and more like we were standing still? More hour David, we had a pretty neck and neck nose to nose for a while, but he passed me by about 30 minutes. About 30 minutes. About 30, or 100 for Mo and 71 for me. On my own, 69 people said they're on death, they're eagerly awaiting. And in South Florida, it's easy to understand. Scott Peterson 31, it's way down from that from 69 to 31. George Rodriguez and my mother-in-law, 27 of pace, a lot of similarities, they're I'm sure from many of you. Well, are you only had 27? You said you were going to go zooming up. Yeah, I did. My dude didn't. Don I was 24 the I man, the diamond, the diamond, he's I and over there. Benny, hint and Bob Novak 23 of pace. My expouse 19, my spouse 15, Reverend Jones 13, George Steinburner 12, Greg Reed 10, and I can be sure that from current and past employees. Father, Shanley 9, Prozac Ron 5, Paul Cox 2, and Dave Friedman, because we didn't put we should have put on there high up palium parentheses because they don't know who Dave Friedman is. Pet Boys former neighbor, a real pain in the ass, a real peace is all I can tell you. Hi, yeah, palium. Yeah, that's who we're talking about. Dave Friedman, he didn't get any. That was yesterday's pool. Today's pool, which I realized is we've got it once before a while back, but I kind of like, you know, it's like a fantasy. And I'm not putting on here. Oh, I wouldn't want to live anywhere else than Florida. Well, if you, if that's what your answer is, you deserve being there. Okay, I don't want to hear that crap, you know, just for fun, because if you aren't going anywhere anyhow, other than Florida, we're in the world where you most want to live. Right. We know that this is y'all your favorite place. Right. You can add all the different great places that you want to put on there, like, skinectity and the ifcelanity, whatever you like. Las Vegas 41. I see, I don't understand that for the life of me. Why is Dad? Well, we've discussed this before people justify it. They think that the script is Las Vegas. You know, they go to the right. That's why I keep telling Josh, when you go to your rent a car, and you drive out in the residential areas and out for the mountains, and you see what the city's read you're all about. Oh, I'm good. Thanks. Okay. Well, you know, want to see what it's all about. You just, uh, I mean, I've been around the out, you know, yeah, honey, you're so full of crap. Have you even been down town? Can you been downtown? What? I asked you what downtown? A lot of very famous like the Golden Nugging a lot of the old famous old. I'm not saying you want to go there and plunge your guts out, but you surely start to see it even if you only drive through it. I drove through it. Right. There we go. Have to stop and go, uh, plunge in here. Yeah, I probably have two. I just bought houses downtown. You got to go there for your marriage license. No, you know, you'll two one, but it's drive through Mary. Then the most you've got to go downtown to get the license. Then you go to the drive. Oh, I see. Is that how it works? That's how it works. But I try you know, because you've got married to him. They're done that. Yeah. Well, a lot of people got truck and made bad mistakes there. Well, anyway, and so do you have this story about Pat Buchanan being doubts with salad dressing? I saw that, but I wouldn't. It wouldn't print out. So I would appreciate a copy of that. I tried to do a print it, but it wouldn't for some reason. Please go. Okay. A lot's Vegas 44 and today in 28. Well, I did that a shot. I had the department over there three years running and it's just a tough place to live. Not that it didn't have a great time. I had a fabulous time, but it's just, I don't know. It's frustrating because they're like in a dark age. You know, most of the rest of Europe, I'll release a lot of the rest of Europe is more modern, more with it, more lucky at least the 18th century. But the people in Amsterdam seem very content like living in the Stone Age, Stone and Stone Age. And as a result, every when you were like, well, I remember going out to try to find a soap dish for my shower and I had to go like in five different places before I could find something that passed as a soap dish. I'm not even sure it really was, but I see. Oh, if I just had some body wash back then, I might still be there anyway. Amsterdam 28, you'll have a great time. Let me tell you about this great Chinese restaurant there. Vancouver 26, New York 25, Rome, 21. That would have been my choice once upon a time. Now I voted for a colonial Germany. Rome is great. Toronto 16, then, Rome with Toronto A, I like it. Savannah 15, LA 14, Paris 8, that's gay Paris, isn't it? Oh, God. No, that was gay. That's what I was reaching out. Uh, eight. No way. Colon six, I'm amazed at that. That promising. Okay, you promise? Israel four. Yeah, we'll tack you a salami and Swiss. Okay, it's a brave Berlin tree and Lake Tahoe, who put that on their none? Let's me. Are you out of the town? Yeah, I've been there. I like it. It's a very scenic. It's beautiful, but you get there to that after about a week. You say something. Commentator and former presidential candidate, one thing I like Sacramento a lot. Put Sacramento California on there. But that's a beautiful. I just love it there. Man, they got a racetrack. They got that real hot drive. And I don't know, there's something about it. Whether it's not as hot as in Vegas. Because in Vegas in the summertime, when it gets to about 115 and everything you touch starts like sparking, you know, and you're getting shocked and you're like, the throat is drying up. Like, oh, kind of like Terry Shavill, a little bit over the top in Vegas from about like me until October. Can I South Florida without the humidity? Calentative and former presidential candidate, Papua Kannon, Coach Short and Appearance and Calentative Michigan, after an opponent of his conservative views, Dauce and with salad dressing. Oh, right. I wonder if it was free, salad dressing. You know, can't craft free? Right. Stop the big and free of the demonstrated shout out is the Pearl Deliquid last night during the program at Western Michigan University. The incident came because two days after another noted conservative Bill Crystal was struck by a pie during an appearance at a college in Indiana. All right. After it was hit, you can cut short as question and session with the audience saying, thank you all for coming, but I'm going to have to get my hair washed. The investigator identified by 30s is a 24 year old student at Calentative Valley Community College was arrested and faces a Mr. Meiner charge of disturbing the piece. It was released on $100 cash, bond pending is April 14th, Arreman. He could have faced a felony assault charge, but Papua Kannon decided not to press that charge. It's a universally spokesmanact curse in that grave. You can't ins, what does that say? I can't, then what's that second word? Oh, his visit to this fret is small enough, but even with a magnifying glass, you can't read it. You can't ins visit a vote controversy on campus because it fell on the birthday of the late Mexican American Labor Leader of Caesar Chavez. You can't in favor of telecontrolls on immigration and if our country is there. And so he's busy working his hair. All other Papua Kannon uses a body like you're very close to me. And obviously 10 Min<|es|> man. I mean, I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do. Now, you know what I'm thinking? They're already hearing me as a marker down and a little brother William. Right, see that? I mean, I don't know how they do and I'm shocked now, but they can't even get their fans to them. I mean, I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know how they do and I don't know but I can't tell you what they care about, I've said that the Celia is British Aerials knew but he care has believed me and especially us 20% of QM we have an hour in ten minutes to go and before that moment is there's nothing we can do. You know it's freeze the hands of the overclocked it's just you know, it's going to come whether we wanted or why or not I guess well since Diane what is a lot of dying going on who'd have like an epidemic prince Ray near of monocle and the reason we care about him is because he was married to Grace Kelly, right which a lot of people are very jealous about that. Prince Reneer of Monaco's Eldermains per curious and hopes of his recovery are extremely weak. His doctor say in other words, however, the doctor said that the 81-year-old Monarchs tree children were in full agreement that active therapy was justified for the time being. I don't tell me that they're thinking about pulling the shoe there too. The state of health of his most serene highness Prince Reneer the third still remains per curious as Dr. Cendimentical Bowen helps for a favorite law commemorates extremely weak not just weak but extremely weak. Kind like the Pope. He's an extremely serious condition. Any second I are going to see whispers of smoke coming out of there. Although they are whispers of smoke come after they've chosen a successor right? Right. Definitely we're not being other Polak. I'll tell you that right now. How do you do that? That's what they're saying. It's either going to be an attend and he's the first not attend in poxence the 16th century. Did you know that? Yes, I did. Well, there you go. In fact now they're saying it might not be an attend. It might be a Latino but I don't know that. Maybe Alberto Gonzalez can be the new Pope. The conscious medical assessment comes as a dance of palace. The day the palace had Prince Albert had taken over the Regency because his father was unable to exercise his royal functions. And of course if you're going to be the king you got exercises your royal function. Although now the Grace Kelly's long since they're probably in as much exercises once upon a time. Robert says, could you please add like like Ron count them up to the pool. Yeah, right. Yeah, sounds like a lot. Oh, here you go. Ibiza Ibiza you got to be proud to write and scull it right. He got it Ibiza will put it on the IZA Ibiza and Spain. Yeah, those beautiful beaches and the sons of the beaches man it's supposed to be beautiful of their Ibiza. Although they do speak with the list. I'm actually a judge wouldn't want to be there. They got to be all speak with the list. Yeah, not for me. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 you let's get a bunch of names added. I remember you got very jackasses come today which is much Jim Sardy has nothing to say to me. He quotes hank about tomorrow's Florida Derby thing and you know, Hank's already said that on the year. So it's old news, Sardy. Nobody cares what Jim Sardy's just an old code. Just a silly ass old code. Don't know much about him. W to Q a m. Hello. Yes, my favorite ugly actors will you make me. Okay, good. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and Singular Rottislaw. Look at that full man. Just an absolutely dissident or now. Maybe we have all the great places in the world that they'd want to live. Maybe they're already on there. You think? No, I don't think. I haven't seen anything like this in a very long time. Even the in much jobs aren't except for him. Oh, just wait. Huh? I'm waiting. I'm just I'm just a full test. Okay, not just move on. Wait, but this one's probably the same guy. How many Q a m? Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, pal. You think you could have your full prox. Prox is worth happening, man. I was there a lot of November. Even it was cold, but that was one of the nice cities. Yeah. It's just very liberal. The people are wonderful. And the prices right too. They're not on the euro yet. So it's very important for me to go. Okay, okay, I'm okay. Prague and the Czech Republic. And of course, Budapest, also you might as well put that on there. Budapest is that believe it or not is worth happening now. Do you know that? That's what I'm told. Budapest. So let's get those both on there. I was sinned and perversion in all kinds of a grotesque stuff going on in both of those places. Prague and Budapest. What are they to finally you woke up a little bit? What's with these people today? What is their story? I don't miss something. I'm just a little bit. Maybe they're just waiting for the numbers to come up like we are. Oh, and we're trying to avoid it. Q a m? Hello. Yeah, a m treat. Yeah, a m treat. Yeah, a m treat. Now I think you know, I think you're already found a home. Okay. Send them back. W Q a m. Hey, what was going on, Neil? Yes, sir. I like living in Miami. Yeah. Why put that on the floor? No. W Q a m. Hello. Although it is perfect for a man. Do you hear in the background in mockery and women? Yeah, they're having like a little Friday cluster. W Q a m. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. San Francisco. Yes. Definitely a city. It would be nice to live in. Okay. And I think Chicago. Now it's cold to celebrate. But it is a bit of a country. There's a lot of Ocha-Ka. How could I leave that off the floor? People loves Chicago. It's a great city. Great food, man. Oh, you can't be the food and the, I mean, if you can stand the cold weather, it's a fact, but it's like spring most of the year. And don't forget about those nice white people downtown in the loop. There's a whole bunch of them. Yes, and there's also some nice projects down here too. Right. I got one of the quick story for you. Last time I was standing outside with my wife, talking to a couple of neighbors who were watching their kids. And it would talk about port Terry Chirore when I was kind of like, you know, and I made a comment. I said, well, the next one we got is the Pope, I said, and I said, now he has a feeding tube. And with that, the tube, the women looked at me like I was nuts. And the two men looked at me. And simultaneously, without, you know, coordinating between each other, said to me, you're fairies. And we got that wrap. And the women looked at us and she said, she said, I just walked away. My wife said, it has to be that idiot, new rages. Yeah, and that's it. Thanks, Kelly. Have a good one. Good story. Okay. I mean, like that. That idiot, New rages. Yeah, the women out there hate me like poison. And you know what? Too bad. No sense of humor. Sour. That's why the guys are all screwed up in the head because the women have totally dead for years. It's true. Jay, you, well, you can relate to it. Boy, you're like a poster child for that. Yeah. A lot of the guys in South Florida, you stand their heads on straight. You should be pretty, you know, decent people, it's early or rational. And then, of course, they ran those women of Florida and they just, uh, mhm, mhm, mhm, like that. I feel very sorry for I was hit a world guys. But that's where it goes. Sure is. Very Jackson has a whole bunch of crap in here. Mostly about seven 90. Of course, not that, uh, you know, that's such a relationship that they've got, you know, I don't see that this glamour on there anymore either. Very. The fact that you have the working relationship with seven 90, you can't write enough about them. And this is the same guy who put the fan on the front page of the Harold when they came out. Remember the fan 1900 on your A. M. Val whatever was coming. How many minutes did they land? I'll say it again. Here's another brilliant move by Greg Reed. You know, he always, this is his mold. This is his confinant, very jackass. And every time he has an opportunity to stick into QAM, there's very doing it to us, man. Every chance he gets, you know how to pick him Greg, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. You want to think that you will run yourself as closely. Unfine 60, shoot A. M. Right. You were still the following. Is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Now, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scared their **** out of you and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Needs a cash, drop a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. All the convenience store takes chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend, kill him. It's a simple solution, a life complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the damn thing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and it'd be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. It just might make it fans. Hands are need to 20 people are loving a clock where like 50 minutes away, but who's counting? Right from those trans ones. That's only a trend. It's like December January and February. Never the less. But because we've had so many changes because we've gone through so many volcanic eruptions here at QM because we have such spastic management and ownership. Well, we're just continuing to clean the hopes that we're still alive. Like Silazo said, five shots and he's still alive. Now what's the lot so sent? Yes. Yes. Vigus 52. Other than Florida, where in the world would you most want to live? That's our poll question. Now anybody that really wants to live in Miami gets what they deserve. I'm very happy for you. You're happy. I'm happy. I'm ecstatic for it because that leaves a lot more room someplace else. Vegas 53 a bad choice. I can't even, you know, I mean, like many people are going to Vegas. I do, you know, I have a lot of fun this for it, but and I had those periods of time. I thought, oh, I'm going to move out here. I'm going to we love it here and I'm going to do my show from here. All I crap on no way. Right. I mean, even after a weekend, after a couple of days with me, it gets really old, really old. Yeah. Well, people have that attitude about a lot of vacation places. You know, oh, you have to be really great to live here. And the same with Amsterdam. Like I said, it's a great place to visit for a week, two weeks, whatever, or like those three summers I spent there was fun, but it's first of all, it's hard to find housing that's even habitable. I mean, it's just everything is so blessed backward there. And like I said, and then not only is the food bad and most of the restaurants, but then going to shop, go shopping. Now what tells the name of that supermarket chain? Albert Hein? I mean, Hein? No, actually Albert's bought it, as a matter of fact, I'm interesting enough. But anyway, it's Albert Hein. It's the big, uh, departments, I'm not department, uh, supermarket chain. And you go in there and you can't complain about the solution because they don't have it. I mean, it's just a, you take to yourself, this is your idea of cuisine. This is your idea of food. I mean, we're something I can eat in the frozen food section. We're something like even chef boy R.D. would be good. You know, and it can anything. I mean, real crap, but then again, and of course all that business about what one you're in there, you know, you're smoking a lot of doughman. Yeah. So you're not going to eat. I thought that's what happened. I said, I thought a lot of doughfills. You want to eat something good. Right. Besides fries with mayonnaise and brown, uh, it's what's on it. Big is 53 van Cooper 36 never been there, but everybody raves about it. It's really great van Cooper, a George voted for it. New York 33, Amsterdam 32, like I said, find place to visit you have a wonderful time, but forget about it. Rome 28, van 21, Toronto 17. It's good that's not overdoing that. We got enough crowd here already. L. A 16, uh, we got enough American zero already, like I said, and everybody else. What's this happened to this? L. A 16 Paris 14. Why is that? Too many French. Colône German 9, maybe the greatest city in the world. Lake Tahoe 8 is real four. Maybe they want to go to the Kabuts and Kibits. Berlin 3, Prague 2, it been her two Chicago one, San Francisco one, San Francisco. Too fairy, Sacramento and Budapest don't have any yet. That's really sad because I heard Budapest is really fantastic. I'm actually be going here. I think collated around this year. One goes like August vacation. Something like that. Prague and Budapest. They're very close, waiting for your report. Well, I'll give you a full report. Here's a fast from Rick who says, Costa Rica is my choice for the pool. Excellent choice, Rick. Maybe you'll write into our old bugman down there, filled a bugman in Costa Rica. That does beautiful rain forests. Yes, they do. Are you put that on there, uh, your boy Jeff Cohen actually called that in. Excuse me? Yeah, he called it on one on a walkie talking on the, uh, the phone here. He rang up and on what phone? The phone's sitting right in front of me here. Well, what phone is that? Is that number that I don't have? Does the inside studio phone? Well, I see. Very jacked at a right. As it often is a new five year station, 790, the ticket began the task of fighting new radio announced. It was the question will be whether they up for the two most appealing local candidates, 790's John Shombie and Jimmy Sefflow or hire out of market horses. Do you think he's got 790 in there enough? How many times has he got 790 in the first three paragraphs? About 10 minutes. Of course, that has nothing to do with that in sister's relationship that the Harold has with 790. Very. Shombie, the former Marlon's radio announced you're who is in House College football is clearly the most viable local candidate for the play by play job. But he hasn't called any fill games. I like some of the replicants, including extra lot of pants is voice Bill Rusinski. Sefflow, the leading sportscaster WPLG 10 has emerged as the most obvious local option for the color job. Not only because these are particular and is never experienced, but also because several other dolphin stream broadcasters have sent words they're not interested, including Joe Rose, net more and Chris Carter. Net more. I'm going to tell you something. You know, he may be a very nice guy. You make the crow sound like watercrunk. You are so, you make Lenny Marthes sound like Dan Rather. It's just amazing to me. Net more and Chris Carter. What is his broadcasting firm's come from? Good for Chris. Yeah. Wait a minute. Good job by Chris. Oh, there's more than one. He doesn't know Chris. Oh, that's what it is. Nice going, Mo. Good. You're not going to get me into some kind of AS you now. You use somebody else's use Cape Cote. If you want out, good luck to you. Anyway, new dolphin CEO Joe Bailey is determined to conduct a thorough search and consider outer market applicants to drive the team will drive the process, but 790 will be consulted. See, there it is again, 790. Two, the former now since W. K. M. Mo. Howard David and the engine manager are not being considered. The team won't save a plan star or former dolphin for the endless job, but that would be logical if the dolphins make a higher outside soft photo. It seems more likely they would do so for the play by play job. This has been an eventful stretch for Sean B. 34. He surprised the Marlins and F. S. Andrew and winner by turning down the teams. TV play by play job ordered work 30. But totally baseball games for ESPN into a talk show for 790. Oh, Barry, you're as subtle as the bull in a China shop and then when it comes to the bull, maybe you got it. At least he stiffs it a little bit, you know? As opposed to the game's starting, he just sits there like a big tub of lard on a sofa. And I thought that Barry was the couch potato. I'll never forget. I was thinking about it in the shower this morning's matter. Hey, Barry, I was thinking about you in the shower. Is that what's dropping my body wash? About the time I met him at Pierce and Air Force at that time right here in Toronto. And he wanted to love to meet me. Oh, you know, Ryan, I'm Barry Jackson. And a lot of things you say about me are true. I mean, what a line. A lot of what you say about me is true. Is that an incredible line or what? That's a true story. I said, I said in my head, Toronto is sudden that I already had finished reading, which is a right wing rag, but it's got a great sports section. And I said, you ever read the sunberries? And I said, well, here you go. No charge. Look at this and see what a real sports section is all about. You idiot. And the other piece of important news in here. The Marlins will allow a number two radio announcer, Roxy, Bernstein, you're made the radio voice of the University of California, basketball, but the Marlins will always take priority of sales. So he'll be, uh, fun. Along to mute, Roxy. So what's the story on Roxy? Josh, what do you, what do you know? What do you think? What do you hear? I don't know him yet. I'm going to meet him opening day. And I'll give you my opinion. No, you want. I've heard him. I think he sounds fine. Yeah. You know, so Roberts, you got to say he sounded like guilty. I'm so full of it. I haven't heard him. So I can't make any judgment. Yeah, probably pretty good. He doesn't sound like guilty. No, nobody sounds like guilty. I'm looking at an S. We schedule. We got opening day on Tuesday. In fact, Mo is going to be doing his show Tuesday from 2 to 3 30 out of the stadium because we have Marlin, pregame of 3 30. The Braves and a Marlins at 405. What are who most going to be rooting for on that day? I think the Braves. Absolutely. He admits he's a Braves fan. The only of Hollywood dog track that night too. So we got a big Tuesday. But what I really was, why am I given Tuesday's schedule here? I want to get ahead. But we don't have any early games next week. That's what I was rooting for. When that be nice, like every day of the week. Yeah. Come on. Let's play five like any banks would say. Let's play 10. Starting at about 10.45 would be good. Look at this. It's 10.41. Count them. Not that we're counting. 19 and 30 looks like 49 minutes. Item and fates cheese. Yeah. Because you close the arms and door. It feeds on your fear, the forejaysin, before Freddy, before play again. One man honed your nightlight. And now, now, it's back. Yeah. He's old. Oh, he's old. Oh, he's old. Oh, he's old. He's old. He's old. He's old. He's old. He's old. Because that's the way I like it. 10.45 because I'm Brittany's a Pistoff about pregnancy reports. Do we care about her? She's old news. All she looks kind of pregnant, those pictures. Poor kids. Sounds like another Republican he's stunned. You know, well, so does what's a name, too? What's a name? I don't know. Terry Shabba? Yeah. A time to pregnancy reports Brittany's spirit is flashing out of template magazines. Do you us weekly and test star another district magazines running toys where honest to those who are liars, spirits, rights and opposing on a website and rest year-false tabloids? Rumors have recently swirled that they 23 year old pop star is pergling and that emerged to have an feeder line is on the rocks. Spears didn't specifically address either a shoe but instead ask magazines for some self-examination. Your employees are reflection of your magazine she writes in her posting. I'm ready to consider about the people you hired to work into your companies. Okay, that's what Brittany. We don't care. Okay. Your old news and speaking of really old news. Guess who's at war with one of your favorite organizations? Peter. I give up. If you're star Jones Reynolds, oh. Peter, I'm April Fool's Day. The people for the endocrine treatment of animals. Peter. We'll target the coast of the view. Oh, I'm by the way, Hey, speak of the nation. 560, let's get 50,000 locations on the poll today just for the hell of an okay. Keep you out of trouble over the weekend. What's those numbers start coming in man? We're going to be pouring over those. We're going to be like dissecting them and chewing them up and spitting them out and that one knows where we're going to stick a maybe in the year. Yeah. Yeah. WQA and hello. Just like George. WQA and hello. Oh, yes sir. How old are you? Okay. What do you got? 560, 056, the pound 560 on me for rising in singular wireless lines. Just looking to mirror pal. WQA and hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing buddy? Okay. Yeah, I got one for the poll today. Great. What do you think about the playwood bitch? How about the playwood bitch? What a jack-a. Yeah. Playwood this. 560, 056, the pound 560 on a horizon in singular. There's something I heard the last hour Hank sure, at least a good chunk of it. That's a last hour, the 8 to 9 hour. And he was not feeling well and as a result they were like punishing him by not calling. Maybe it's just maybe they're all vanished to him. Maybe it's just like April Fool, huh? Maybe it's really Saturday but we're trying to feed us that it's Friday. Could that be it? I think so. I really don't care because I'm just waiting for 1130 because I'm real curious and boy, you know, if you're all because every month there's a trend with these ratings, the ratings go on three months at a time to let you roll in numbers three months. But I think in all the years that I've been on this station anyway. I mean, I would eat we had some real nervous breakdown times, but on this station I think this particular one is the most melodramatic to most, you know, because we're dropping off a big November. This is December, January, and February and December was, ah, and that's a great January for the whole station was horrendous. And so if we have another really bad February, we could be really, you know, right there with Terry and the Pope, we could be kind of like in between. So people in the building are like, just all, oh, squeeze in each other and, you know, slide along the walls. That's what I'm hearing. WQAM, hello. Yeah, sure. Copenhagen on the police. Copenhagen, okay, we'll see you there, right, Timberley Gardens. Pretty, ah, what do you want to go there? I've been there two times. Evils have eyes would say three, huh? It's pretty boring now. And a lot of seven, 11, I don't know what that's all about. Every corner now there's a 7, 11 in Copenhagen. I have no clue where they came from. They used to be there and all the certain one day they woke up and on. Every other street corner is another old friend Kevin is another 7, 11. I don't know why for your convenience. I see. WQAM, hello. I didn't have to use it. One comment comes back on vacation that going to be looking into cable TV next. And I think there should be more said from TV, not last. Oh, no, that's not what that's 10 Stevens. That right wing alluded to from Alaska. That's what he wants. He says it's a level playing field. Cable satellite, your pop up toaster. They want to regulate everything. Right. So, yeah, I don't know. I'm not split old rooms, but now they're going to be in our bedroom. You got a little bit of a field, okay? I'll see you at the border. Thanks. I'll like to you. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560. Now, what was I saying just before that? Something extremely important. I didn't finish my thought. Very extraordinarily important. I was, I don't know. I can't live there. It's going to be that important. Well, I see. We got 30, eight minutes now. Oh, brother. Now, I was just talking about the pressure in the building because, you know, if we can survive another one of Greg's, you know, Dr. Frankenstein routines. You know, it's like keeps, take talk about the autopsy and theory. Shival. It's the same thing with this radio station. Keeps opening it up there. Like a mad surgeon, you know, and just ripping it open and taking this part and showing her over here. And we've been able to survive a lot of that. I'm not too sure about this one. I may have been the last straw. You see, I know this comes as a great shock to some of the people inside our building. And by the way, Lyle, it's not too late to review the identity. Lyle, you got me a peak mic curiosity. And those other factors that weren't inside the building. That was the little, the little Julio, finally, dog on me later in the day, Danny and his juniors. It's them, the little Julio. So, like to send all the, I have my juniors, honey. Yeah, all the little factors and pretended like a pity, Lenny, and it's from the inside, which sometimes they're very amusing. But that's their life. This show is their entire life, which is very, I have no right. So, it's a prophetic. But the other one from Lyle, that obviously, like I told you, somebody inside the business, you could tell that from yesterday, right? Yeah, sorry, talking to the dead mic. Oh, don't tell me that that button is malfunctioning. Oh, then Lee is what he means. Again, out of good idea, if I'm going to be doing shows there for a week, not a very good idea, engineering. Yeah, what a bunch of lazy ass bastards got. Oh, but we have 24, seven stations in here. What an awful concept. That is. Dominic, you a, hello. Hello, I have a question. Yes, man. Then this is the NFL draft again. My husband asked me this morning in a joke. You know what, you know, I would do, I cut him off for a month, if that's what your husband asked you. He's been cut off for two months for, for a month, but it's almost over. Tell me your life. Tell him get a life. No, we're great together. It's almost over. The feet, the salmon's almost over. Let me see what I'm going to call him get a life. Five six seven, oh, five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon and singular wireless lines. How very, very sad. How come he called, I couldn't call him. How about having the family perikey call and find out for him? What is he some kind of a, a was, is that what it is? Oh, hey, as far as your husband's concerned, you're fair. WC, where I am, hello. Hey, no. No wonder that I don't do anything. Yes, sir. No, no, no, it is not candy corner. Only some little only overgrown children say candy corner. Okay, schmuck. WC, I am, hello. 2 a n. Yeah, let's throw down the empty New York, the great place to live. Yeah, okay, man, we could you tell him, his whole fist was in the back. Wow. Wow. Not just a digit to the elbow. WC, where you at, hello. Oh, 2 o'clock. Is soon enough. Q a m, hello. Hi, what's up with Neil? Speaking. Neil? Yep. Y'all. I'm a bit different, very shy of look at it. How many are your friends? I'm a bit different. Very shy of look at your hand. WC, where you at, hello. Neil, can you put the candy egg on your thing, Nick? Can we put it on there? Yeah. I hear it's really nice. Oh, it's expensive in hell, but it's a great sitting. Yeah, I hear there's a lot of seafood there. No fish in my house, I can tell you that. Okay, have a great day, pal. Yeah, that's what I thought. You're fair, man. I was talking about the marines, of course, but yeah. That is a little slow. She's a little less. Wow. Maddoco and he would cheese. Oh, he's priding after all. Let's see how that pull is coming along. And just a half hour man, after the break, Chris, we don't have any breaks as he knows spots today. It's another one of those, uh, sciffy deals here. Well, let's see. Oh, this is the April Fool's Log. I forgot about that. I'm so sorry. I'll be then a Florida. Where in the world would you most love to live? Las Vegas, 61. I think you're full of it. New York 41 Vancouver 40. Amsterdam 35. Rome is God. Look what Rome's got. God, turn the man. Christopher, we could 25 have ended 22 Paris, 20 Los Angeles, 19 Toronto 18. Tahoe, a Kalon Germany 10. Everybody else in a single vision. See, they can fuse. You're right. They confuse the idea of going like for a weekend four or five days, right, because never a great time with living there and being there all the time. What we want to make later somewhere you go to the nice place you go to the hotel. You stay right for a steeper. What would you do there? Right. All of a go to the net. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I've got that. We forgot it. South Florida. See, the team per phase. So think about it. People come here on vacation and we're all dying to get out. Yeah, that is something. Of course, take a look at the kind of people who come to our vacation. This is where I think a meal Roger said, such a solid, solid, burn on 566 to 2, 3, and this is the meal Roger itself. This is your brain. Any questions? All the world loves a cloud. So this April Fool's day, this radio season is going to make a fool. Other views. That's right. We're going to turn you into a laughing star. This is the dead color. When you hear this guy, and we'll get your pants down around your ankles. Tie your hands, but I your head. Hey, this is my lead phase and your butt cheeks. And lock you out of your head. You'll be the center of attention. No, die. Remember they're not laughing at you. They're laughing with you. With you and your butt cheeks. Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools. Since they've already done quite a good job. Making fools of themselves every day on the air. Employees would have the last wish to drop the pants in public or encourage to do so after leaving the station. Be an April Fool. Even a single year chance to win. It's a full day. No fool. And is anybody care about that silly ask crap anymore? No. Not even in the guy that COVID said candy corner. He thought he was very amusing. In fact, you know something a lot of these people think they're very amused. Oh, yeah. Well, when I was starting to say before that was very important, they came back to me during the break. So I had a chance to unscramble my brains. Good. Was about the ratings and about sports in the radio. See, I know again, as comes to say phenomenal shock to some of the very narrow people in the QM building. But sports talk is like it's narrow casting. See, very, very narrow. You know what I'm talking about? There's only a small slice of the your audience out there, even a mail audience who only care about sports and sports and sports and sports and ball games. And this 15 year old quarterback at Notre Dame, a high school who's going to be in Notre Dame University. And this while also the crap, which you realize you're wrong. No, I'm not wrong. And we always say you're not less about anybody else in the world. It's just it's any audience in the same. Everything. And so the idea that these clowns because they have a lot of money keep coming along. Oh, let's have 15 sports stations on here in the market. You know, it's just as an I. There's only a small slice of the pie of people interested in that. And by the way, it's going to be just like, you know, it's just a matter of time whether it's six months or two years or six years. And there won't be any more sports talk stations because it's a passing phase. There'll always be music stations, including some good ones, but not in this market. But nevertheless, there'll always be talk stations always. But if you're going to talk about something that in the world, I say, let's have a baseball card show. What do you say? All right. Baseball cards, numerous metrics, narrow casting. Right. So a lot of the way we start out, and I'm thinking about that woman of color or husband wants to know what time he ever did. And if he'll draft it, that's what I'm thinking of people like that. See, I don't want people like that. That's all I care about is the stupid S NFL drank. I have no right. That's the epitome of it. I mean, the farther thing for my mind right now is football. Even though my team is one of Super Bowl three to the last four years, and I'm very proud of that. It was rare exciting. It said when so on. But I don't care right now. I can care less. In fact, even Josh Cortester is whipped up about baseball because that's his bread and butterman in the season starts next week. Am I right? That's right. You are right. There you go. See, this is the time to be interested in. Of course now you got NBA playoffs are coming very soon. Right? Not that far away. Right. Any jump playoffs? I mean, the final vote. What is it? Final vote? The final vote. College hoops. There you go. NASCAR, golf. tennis. It's right. They have a duty grant, man. Badminton. Oh, yeah. Valley ball, couple board, myjo and Germans. All these things for Christ's sake. All of these things. Celebrity deaths. Oh, we're going to do this. They keep showing us a video of the purpose of right hand man there. It's about an hour from now. There will be a special mass. Special mass. Okay. All the getks. These will be out there. Boy, you're Vatican. Whoo! You're ready to be a professional getchkey. And it got some real good souvenirs. They'll sell you two real cheap. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Boy, 27 minutes. The pressure is building so great, man. You can like, oh, in a second now. WWE QAM. Hello. The other hand, Michael. WWE QAM. Hello. Hey, you know what's going on? Yeah, I just said is right hand man. How you doing, pal? Good. Good. You're left out on the Yolven, but I should have been there before 12. Did you just dare to do it? Because it is fine. I've about to afford that too. You're telling that. What? Oh, don't even ask. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5 60 and a Verizon and SIGIT arrived a time. We've had two surprises this week. Wednesday when we had our celebrity colors from the past, and present. And today when it's just absolutely off the wall, they will hear about the rules day. And on the correct way, people are very, very amusing. Do they amuse you? Yeah, sure. Oh, yeah. Especially the ones that say they want to live in Vegas. You are at U. People are so in La La Land you're dreaming. Because you had a good time there doesn't mean it's a place to live. Okay. And how many of us could afford to live there? And I make a few bucks. Okay. The idea of living in Vegas after six months, I'd be standing at the soup kitchen. You have to be a lunatic to say. Of course Bob Lincoln's out there. Remember when he called there, but they very briefly? Yes, I did. Maybe this time I'm lying nine right now. W2AM hello. Yeah, what happened to Josh's man Paul? W2AM hello. Somebody took it. 2AM hello. Not there. Not lying one boys a bitch. 2AM hello. Deal. I have a big problem. Yeah, sounds like him. W2AM hello. I vote this along. W2AM hello. Hey, is a great American die yesterday and they got overshadowed. And who is that? Frank Rdoo. Yeah, now we had it on before, man. We're way ahead of you. I'll start by that. Okay, check a man. See, in this amazing, they give you a buy. They said they thought they cast an over show. They feedback your own material. We don't miss much on a show, pal. It was especially when it comes to deaths. That's our area of expertise now. I'm dying on the death. The death, the death, the new thing in a media now is celebrity deaths. Even non-celebrity deaths. Whatever death we can whip up people into a frenzy. Last night, every network man, hour after hour, talk about that was these. Talk about exploiting the dead. I mean, it was one thing when she was alive that was bad enough. Just non-stop, wall to wall, coverage of Terry under the tube. But last night, it was kind of like, well, we got to at least milk this, whatever, you know, what got left. So here's all the faces again. Here's the Michael's brother and here's her brother and here's the flaming priest and all of these as same ones over and over again. You know, you could get away from it. I watched the races last night, racing that were just to get something on that's it have to do with Terry Anders. You got it was upondress. Both to six lengths. One, twenty six and four, twenty seven and four, third quarter coming on for second is treasure chest. There's a fourth race at Woodbind with a great Franks to leave last night. I'm from my racing of officiologist out there like Ian from Woodbind. He's probably doing only one. How's it going Ian? Let's see. Oh, Lyle, very short facts to him, disappointed. I can't because I'm scared and have been warned. In fact, I've been told about to send a more facts to sort of announce that even like you show. I was thinking of leaving this place anyway. This is a rough business Lyle. PS syndication is a mob rule. What does that mean? I have no idea. Trying to be cute, I guess. I'm thinking of leaving this place anyway. This must be no. It could be. It could be anybody inside the building that they could get in trouble. Yeah, I like in the show. I've been warned not to send any more facts as it was announced I even like your show. That's small. Sean chronic Sean says, I like to give a guy. Oh, this is bad news for you, uh, Johnny. Uh, uh, I better blow my nose. Oh, God. Oh. Anyway, Sean says, I like to give a chance for Rossi Bernstein. Sounds like guilty trying to impersonate Dave Halberstein. He sounds like he's calling me game while holding his nose and trust me the listing. I had trust me the listing audience is doing the same. Can't they get selling more animated and exciting like Terry Shirewell? Yeah, Terry and Dave Halberstein then be a good poll one day. I mean, and they've event boring. Sorry, Dave. I'll be. Dave and boring and Terry Shirewell and the Pope, which one is the most animated. Even now, I think Terry's got Van Boring Beats. He is awful. Oh, there you go. Picking on somebody again. He's his kid's stop. No, I just said it the way it is. Okay. Some of you are emotional cripples and you think we ought to make nice. Okay. Everybody be got to make nice and cover up for people around competent. I'm boring. Yeah, that's boring. That's right. Making nice is boring. Listen to the baseball games if you want to hear boring. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines other than Florida where in the world would you most want to live or counting down till 11 30 22 minutes in counting and when's that NFL draft? Vegas 65 crazy people. Oh, we're gonna. I'm gonna have a great time for about three days of a broke New York 30 Vancouver 46 I'm stood on 40 Costa Rica 34 Rome 32 have ended 23 have vana 23 Okay, but Paris 21 oh and guess what was on my 90 lucky Luciano store on biography. Okay, it was outstanding excellent and it you know reinforced again the fact that we're given like huge bags of money to Batista you know Frank Costello and Luciano and Myolanski and yeah, they love them. Sure Come you don't have a little I want to he was even more crooked than they were so they love it So it's interesting all your Batista lovers there are all you old green tooth proud and you know you never met a crooked in the like Communista combination of a fascist and maybe we love that that's why you like the bush clan so much and I That's plan with a capital K as Randall Terry would say Costa Rica 34 Rome 32 of and it's 23 Paris 21 LA 20 Toronto 20 San Francisco 14 Lake Tau has got 14 Josh Gonna have a lot of neighbors Klo and Germany 11 Chicago is that Chicago is some people say Chicago 7 it be this six San Diego 5 Israel 5 Prague 4 Berlin 3 Sacramento 1 and none yet for COVID-19 or Budapest that of 121 votes not for Budapest I wonder why that is Dr. Nunvar audience ever been there or her side of her anything like that because everybody Raves about Budapest by no our audience is very hungry We found that out last week with those food shows god almighty man you talk about a response that was My right Josh. Yeah, that's what it takes Fold me into about the other day like food they want to talk about it. They want to eat it. They want it for free Especially for free. They like it a lot. You know I mean do do do do do do I come in Q a and hello Hey, what's up? Yeah, sir. Hey, I got a fool. I got a question for you pull I am for your pole Triday in the bagel for 30 Tobago Okay, I'll see you there, baby. Yeah Say to they go how I say tobacco. No, I say digo Never let a digo wherever I would go into tuning that they go here. They go down Trinity that into bagel put them both under together. It's like two little islands about the size of your fist WQAM hello. I'm brand it. Yeah, we know that WQAM hello To a and my dog one BPM. No, okay probably be better conversation in yours WQAM hello Yes, sir Already on air pal get with it. I just got through reading the list. Smuck. It's already on air I got an idea how about Vegas that sounds good. Let's get that on air. All right, by the way Frank for new dive. You know there WQAM hello again If the both guys I WQAM hello Hi, I wanted to tell you why you had no voice for boot of passage sucks That's really and the food is terrible and the people are the rootest in the world really Absolutely And I wanted to tell you a Terry Shival thing that was in Paris doing kodal and I'm seeing one of their cafes and The people next to me guess what they're talking about Terry Shival. Terry Shival You turn on the news and they're talking about Terry Shival in Paris. Unbelievable. Yeah, it pretty sad They murk in medium man just destroying the entire universe. You know you'd think you're probably talking about Terry on Uranus. I beg your pardon You think that does nothing better to talk about in the entire world. It was going on with Terry Shival. Yeah, I'm more concerned about How much I'm gonna win a woodbind in two weeks I think that's a better subject to talk about so a lot more fun. I'll say that at every face we are and have a wonderful April Fool it's a 12 minutes after 11 and five so if you don't be a fool by the way Don't buy a mattress and a bedding showroom or department store because it's rip off city A lot of the merchandise they have there even your dog wouldn't sleep on a number two you waste a lot of time a lot of gas and certainly a lot of cash If you want the best deal all the way around do what I've been doing for years called dialometres. That's right 1800 mattress one easy phone call is all you have to do and because they've got the most little exchange policy There's no risk by and over the phone Did you know that 1 800 mattresses have had more repeat customers than anybody else in industry? So you'll never go back to a show again. I'll bet you the water now sees life on it. You'll get no nonsense No run around no show room shenanigans just factory do at prices on the best brands. You know trust and love When you call 1 800 mattress you'll be calling company rank number one a customer satisfaction and they carry the top goods They got the best names that you know and love like silly sort of Simmons king coil Temporary to even stirrens and foster you it and now dialometres offers no payments rent rest till 2006 So it's an unbeatable deal all the way around call them today for all the tails 1 800 mattress and no Forget that to our delivery window that you pick when it's convenient for you and I fully show up Yours truly and George and Moe and Miguel and Fatboy all satisfied customers So call them right now 1 800 mattress or log under their website Mattress.com for a stupidest night's sleep for years to come 1 800 m a TTR ES do it Spirit oh I know it is about now why little voices are there big nose isles Could be hot Respent topic we You got to keep must have a wonderful aura. Or she speaks, I wanna cry, she could use a good rap line, it sends a new spirit. 11 16 and 5 60 WDQAM, this first last bill is just depressing but exactly what you expect. I'm not gonna say about it because there's nothing I can do. I already did my part, I got some of you to go out and vote and good luck here. It's all I can tell you. So everything else in Florida, they just can't get it right. Howard County voters last month approved slot machines for their local per mutual venues, but the first last bill to circumity in the state legislature would allow only electronic bingo. Oh my God. And instead of using the taxes on get, oh look at this, they got a picture, this is in the sense, they have a picture of a carousel of slot machines, guess what a game it is. Wheel of Fortune, good guess. Look at that. Well if I could blow this up a little bit, I could see how much they're paying on a wheel there. Anyway. Yeah. And instead of using the taxes on gambling profits for students around the state, the Republican like committee said the money must instant go to a lottery fund to pay off school construction vets. You ready for that? Hmm. I talk about the old bait and swish. Yeah, something, there ought to be impeachment proceedings going on right now, right? Right. The prompting frustration and disbelief by gambling proponents, the major adopted by the House Business Regulation Committee last night, limits, broads, four per mutuals to installing machines that are akin to video lottery terminals already in play at Indian Casinos in the state and provide far less profit. The signing vote was cast by a Miami representative right wing Marco Rubio and I've spoken a poem of slot machines. No question the voters in Broward knew what they were voting for. Any eight year old on the street knows what a slot machine is said then, atkins vice president Hollywood Graham and leader of the slots referendum push. But to fact that the matter raises the first stop on the road and there's a long way to go. The better hope so, Danny Boy. The constitutional amendment approved by the state voters last fall requires all the tax money raised from slot machines to go to education. The House bill gives Broward schools a four and a half million dollar bonus, but prompts the rest of the tax money to a state lottery fund to pay down the debt on a 1997 to 0.7 billion dollar school construction program. Absolutely not what we voted on. Slots, factors including Broward lawmakers are hoping for major changes before the bill hits the House floor and are betting on support from state senators who appear ready to define slots as class three of Vegas-style gaming and want to put the money into educational enhancement programs. The Senate's expected to take up its own bill next Tuesday. Right now it looks like Broward versus the states that representative Ron Greenstein never had a coconut creek. This bill is so screwed up, we're losing sight of why this constitutional amendment was passed in the first place. It was all about education, but when it gets to the floor it'll be totally different. We can only hope so, Ronnie Boy, and by the way, happy pace off. Tuesday, Mark the legislature's first stab at a plan to tax and regulate the voter-reprobe expansion of gaming at Calstany and Park Hollywood Dog, Traktany, Highlight and Pop in a Harness Track. Both the House and Senate plans must work their way through committee and then get approval from the full house and Senate with any differences worked out for the legislature's state's will adjournment on May number 6. Broward voters will be disappointed but they should hold their powder until the final product is done, such as him horn, former state education commissioners, Belini's spokesman for the Slots campaign. This is what they call making sausage up here. It's not always pretty. You know what they mean by making sausage? No, I don't. Well, you want to know. It's too close to lunchtime. Although the bill passed unanimously out of House committee, they've seen the described from the House of Representatives. The House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives,� and� and� losers, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives,� and� and� and� andvic, the House of Representatives, and� and� and i. Call for Honor Black , the primera largely justified, celebrated against dances for ratifying bloodshed, apparently who as well as participated in the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, President of Virginia, positions of nation. And in the House of Representatives, interpretations of Defense, was very and cross-reparers per mutuals to any of almost double with the expected taxes. The whole thing is just all screwed up. It's unbelievable then. On top of that, let's see, is it in this story? No, it was in a herald story. About the big conflict times between the horse people and the tie-by in the adoptive people. They're all like any other strokes. Like I said, the Latia, you'll need it. Every time I think they were in, they pull us back out. Just the other way around from the Godfather, you know? Every time I think we finally got a leg up. In terms of confidence, but in terms of countries, Poland nine times. If Pope and grave condition, he's really ill in real bad. And so what's his name? Our Prince Renéer. And Jerry Foll, what can't find any more information about. Which maybe a good thing, maybe that maybe means he's like right on the edge. Yeah, that's great. Something? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 11, 22, only eight minutes in counting. Get that ticker going now. There you go. Eight minutes in counting until those numbers start coming in. From the February trend, December January and February. December was okay. Not great. Okay. We January was disaster. The master of disaster, driven by Buddy Gilmour at Roosevelt Raceway. Master of disaster. You know, I'm going to say again, Mohour David and Jackie Lee, same person. We're seeing together. No. Same person. Somebody QAM hello. I need a job. Somebody QAM hello. Hello. We have a comment about going certain places to live and so. Something about Terry Chaibo. About who? About Terry Chaibo. Oh, God. Okay. Let's just start with the city for a semester more pleasant. Okay. Two cities actually. One is the mention which is Budapest. My father is directly from there and it's a beautiful country and I'd love to visit and see some time. You know, that's my family there. And Lee did call me for a set of ways from hunger. I don't know. They got plenty of food there, not the best, but they got the biggest food. And also nobody's mentioned the medical republic. Hey, I like the medical republic. I've been there a ton of times. I love it. Larin, put the kid in a canna? Yeah. Okay, let's get that on there right away. I like that a lot. And the only other thing about Terry Chaibo is, uh, whoo. A lot of people thought you were stopping. I knew who. Go ahead. So I think we'll thought you were suffering. And you know, of course I wasn't in a huge bomb ball. And the closest person that was in their shoes. I ended up with a, a half human balance and ended up in hospital four months. I was on complete life support, ventilator, feeding tube, and dialysis. And I came out of it. Wow. And I'm just proud of you right now for the four months that I didn't eat. I didn't have any, any need for first. I didn't have any hunger feelings. Yeah. And I don't think I have rain damage. And, uh, he, and so because she didn't have rain damage, it just goes to show you. She really didn't know what was going on. It really didn't crave any of that. Now she was kind of like her management. He, as she had no feeling at all. Yeah. It's just, you know, I mean, people are like, I was at the gym the other night. They're like, oh, the star of her. They just fit that. And I want to turn them today. You know, all of the honor feeding tube. I kind of can relate. You know, tube. Yeah. And they just people are just, you know, everybody. They see that I'm telling him for 400 hours and right away they're next for, you know. Yeah. You know, on the expert, all right. Anybody, vent yourself on weight. I'm a kidney transplant right now. So I'm 30. So I think I kind of, I can relate, you know. Not good luck, yes, we are. I'll tell you, everything's going to be fine. But those two places, definitely check them out. Okay, thanks. All right, bye. Good luck. Wow. The medical republic, wow, that's one place I certainly do not want to go. 567560. I'm going to check out Budapest and Prague. I don't care what anybody said like that one thing called before. That's like this one, but the earlier one. What? Maybe they have what I'm not. I'm telling you right now, it's supposed to be really wild and crazy place. And I'm like what that other woman say. I mean, who don't like how you're a ghoulage. In fact, are we getting some of that from Fritz and Franz? Well, you have yet to confirm it, but probably yes. Now, what do you mean we have yet to confirm it? Well, what is it going to come in here this morning, but he's running around. Billy Vanson? Yeah, Billy the Kid. Yeah. It'll get that. What is in the lush? I'll be there. I'm mostly brought worse, those my most important thing brought worse. As opposed to those fat field sandwiches in. Well, conveniently they have that you can order brought worse as a meal or as a side. So we'll get a couple of sides. Or you put it on your sides? That's like love handles. On this go on inside. Hey, speaking of that, I might as well do this spot now. Would be a good idea. Wouldn't it for Fritz and Franz? Since it ran for next week? Fritz and Franz, beer house in Krogebles is bringing the very install fund back to South Florida. Lana combined, say, good and talk. And they're looking to like what the hell are you talking about? And Sample, some of the most delicious German, very inquisene anywhere outside of Northeast Europe. They got it all. They got snitzled and brought worse. Salads and scrued all of that, Mr. there would make the Von Trapp family proud. And don't forget to worst on her leader boots. It's not fair to get your leader housing and I'm not. Fritz and Franz isn't only making the hells come alive with a sound of music. It's turning the game into a veritable little Frankfurt because at Fritz and Franz it's like October fest every single day of your life. Located at 60 Merck Way of Black West and Miracle Mile, it's the ideal meeting place for those of you who like to march to the beat of a different tuba tuba. Kierrpaba. So call this number for directions 305 7774 1883 and for monthly worst amount of very festival information too. And be sure and tell that old Trim and Neal sent you by. 305 7774 1883 for Fritz and Franz Virhouse. Not yet your ordinary Umbop places are close personal friend as your close friend Rick Riley might say. You're listening to me, my little Rogers. It's exclusively on five six. You're a new fan. You're a new fan. You're a fan. You're a fan. Goodbye, Shavo. It's a Westland. It's a Westland. It's a Westland. It's a Westland. It's a Westland. It's a Westland. It's a Westland. In Hileo. Anyway, speaking of a Terry like I started to say, living will software sales surge. I think I'm really a me one living will. Okay. I got a will, but not a living will. Sales of computer software and a creative living will are surging along the high profile debate over Terry. We've never seen sales like this at Clark Millis folksman for no load.com ink. Creator of the quick and will maker plus 2005. The living will has simply become part of American consciousness in a way it had not been before. The micro plus sales rose 63% in the five days after March 18 when her feeding tube was removed compared to the prior five days. And Kansas City based ancient art block ink, a spokesman Tom Lutafel said sales of the companies will power for a ram jump 95% last week. Other software makers include including Carson California based cosmic corp that COSMI and softwoodies media LLC also reported spikes in sales. What happens in case like this is it becomes a bell weather for folks to become aware about an issue that they normally wouldn't said Michael Khan spokesman for the Chicago based sacquities. Software industry analyst Chris Watson a research firm NDP group said wheelwriting software of illegal programs of ZNA 63% increase in sales over the past quarter compared with the previous three months. He said it doesn't really dislike what is resolved with the shadow case, but rather the release cycle of titles in the legal software category. Oh yeah right. Yeah, she didn't do it for quite a while. She's dead already still doesn't want to give her any credit. Let's see who's this fire guy what's this guy. I feel like I'll be attorney who does this state planning. Deborah Spire said software is okay, but she's we see that we're getting nearly 10 times as many calls from people if you'll be needing advisor to more fully explain the document. Oh come on are people really that stupid? I tell a funsman ringing off the whole spire said it's now in the newest a lot of people don't want to happen to them. What if the Pope's got a living will? Thank. Oh yeah. The church gets everything. Let's see. I think I put this on our website. Didn't I say this to you? I'm sure you did. I think I said this morning so probably be honored tomorrow. Right. HR Blot.com, no low dot com and a wello. Cosme.com, cusmi and socrates.com. Now what was the one for or just go to quicken right? Right. Quicken will make her plus 2005. Although if you go to no low dot com I think check that one out. It's a it's a it's a that's what quicken uses there. So whatever. So there you go get you a living one you don't have to line up like what's your name with that tube in a perfect Pope by the way. He's got two of them. He's got a feeding tube and a breathing tube. I like that. And also from that thing we've played at the beginning. Smoking. Two. Maybe he's got three. Vingus is still winning head in the York. Oh look at that 59 from New York. Now why do people want to live in New York? I guess there's polito. Once lived there and probably got tossed out. Right. I haven't been in New York in so many years. I just I can't even begin to imagine. In fact, those of you have been there since I've been there. How about that? Yeah. You like New York? I like the time. I want to live there. But it's not. Yeah. I love it. A little bit too hack. A little bit too pushy, a little bit too frantic, a little bit too over the top, a little bit too. All the great food man who want to blow up like 600 pounds, that's a place to do it. What's city like that wouldn't have great food, you know? Detroit. Now actually, once upon a time Detroit had great food. Toronto. Toronto's not like New York. But it's a big city in Canada. We have five men in people here. The food here is marginal advice. This isn't there a few good restaurants. I mean, Ruth Chris is great. Be good to Ruth Chris anywhere. You don't need to come to Toronto to go to Ruth Chris, right? Right. The food. All of the crap is great. The candy, the ice cream stuff like that is unbeatable anywhere. But that's the problem. How many QAM? Hello. Okay. It's the only time listener to the new ride to show what I'd like to do at the cubic service. Yes? Instead of buying all that software, if you do a search, I think it's called five wishes. You can get the living will. You can get something called, I think, of some kind of prime directive where you can designate with your healthcare service. Right. And it's free. So I'm not sure why anybody would want to. Yeah, I should do pay for waiting for a good one. Free and living will, too. Exactly. And Ruth, don't worry, everything will be fine. Okay. I'm not going to lose. Fine. The Humphold is doing good. Doing poor hails are good. And the mad dog is good. So I am full. Didn't you leave somebody out? No, no, no, no, no. I don't listen to the show. I didn't leave anybody out. To lessen the better. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay. There you go. See, you can get it for free. Why should you pay for when you get it for free? Like I said, addressing that crap free. Right. So if you want to get it. Yes. Last numbers. Oh, you got them? Are they spouting or frowning? They're they're smiling. I think the station was flat and the station was flat. The theory is, I can tell you know any theories. I've already got it extrapolated. Okay. All right. Here's the number you need to keep in mind if you've got men. No. Oh, I don't know about the other 12 plus. Right. Keep this in mind. Men 18 plus 3, 6 for the station. That's the average. You know, not for us. For us the number to keep mine is 4, 3. Okay. So in other words, if these numbers go up from those numbers, that means we had a decent fair more. At least better than does that in a black we had a good month. Oh, but. Thank the Lord. Thank. Now he comes into this morning this month, myster. I want to tell you what a clown he is. Okay. And you are in your witness. And he says to me, you know, it's always on my fat old cragging back, you know. Well, it's always a well, you know, maybe you can pull us out with a big good month, neo. Yeah, how many times have I done that? 30,000 I've done that. Always neo. It's always near. Yeah, the one non-sport show on the station. Maybe there's a message that we don't want to. What? Coincidence? No. It's not a coincidence. I mean, it's not a shot of our show, but the fact that it matters is, you know, look well, he was doing even if Stern wouldn't have, if they would have put him on on Espergator, which I realized they couldn't have done. He didn't belong on there in the first place because of that. But if they could have done that, he'd have had much much to hire numbers in the head. And look how great we did when he was on there, okay? Sports is narrow casting. I don't care. What Ray Perry says, or any other nimble might owe it. Speaking of Ray Perry, here's the most important thing. Forget it. Send me the numbers, but here's the most important thing. Baseball season starts next week. Coincidence and nipples in the bud. Okay, bud? Yeah. It's pregnant, weaver, we're seeing I'm guiding light. Okay, bud? And there's those tickets, the season tickets, you know? Mm-hmm. Now, who's got those? Mm-hmm. If you tell me that Miguel has got those again, I'm going to like start spitting blood right here. You're going to be hearing it all over the place. I don't know because he did last. It was absolutely unacceptable. You know, he didn't just hoard to any any again that anybody might want to go to. And I have friends who enjoy going to a game occasionally and like to on this for the moment, be able to like, you know, just go out there before they move to a, that new stadium if they have a build it down everybody. Orange, but letting me have them all. There's nobody wants to go there. But you see what I'm saying? What do you say? So I'm thinking this smart thing to do for Ray Perry who averaged got their hands on those tickets is to wait until I get my ass in that seat and just hand them to me directly as opposed to having an intermediate read this time. And if Miguel would like some tickets occasionally, we'd be more than glad to to supply them and he can either go up and pick them up or get them in the mail or whatever he wants. You know, as opposed to going through the red just like it's an entitlement thing, you know? I just love the way people grab all of my goods and just like, oh, by lie. Yeah, we won it. We won it. Well, good. Why not? Why not? I thought you'd like to have your goods grabbed. No, not by those people. Ray, nobody in that building. I want my goods grabbed by trust me, including Miguel. 5, 6, 7, so how have we doing? Well, I don't have anything yet. Are you sending something? No, they don't. No, they don't. You didn't work 12 plus. I'm waiting for the money. Yeah, I'm on whatever you got. Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude. Didn't I just say Josh starts sending that stuff now before I went into my little time right there about my freaking free tickets? Did I say that? Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, I guess I did. You're just playing hard to get. I want to take a look. I want to take a little pig. Just to get an indicated. Just a little, a little something. Other way. Like an artistic Jackson, but I'm going to play that nice something. Something. Something to give me something to have every month. We'll call him something to Neil Roger X, exclusively on a five six. We're all gone. We're gone. We're gone. We're gone. We're gone. We're gone. And we're gone. We're gone. Through. You won't give me something to keep up. Apparently, Jesse likes playing. Maybe he's not giving me something to keep up. He's a bigger, how then rich it'd be. He's a normal woman. I can't reach out on the papers. And he's not in public now. Jesse's got a love to shine. Yeah. You put the baby in me and get it. Well done, boys. Papers. Be stars. Yeah. And you play. You play. Like you spicy. Lock your mind. Jesse. He's in trouble. It would seem like old. Yeah. We never done this. Everything part of the tendency. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I guess I guess it was not an okay straight. Damn. I'm hungry. I can't get it. I'm hungry. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. What was I saying? Only moments ago about sports talk. It's very marginal. It's so this. Look at that. Why actually? Are they doing it? Or what? Nothing. At least not in 12 plus. That doesn't mean that much. But we'll see. We'll see when we get these men. Men numbers. They're going to write. They're going to write. They're going to write. They're going to write. They're going to write. They're going to write. They're going to write. They're going to write.傳 slang. They're saying something. They're telling. They say they are equal to했다. They're so if you ask, I asked, I said I said,詞,詞 that's an opposite, This question is. We have three engineers. Ninety five. Now there's a ten我. How? 아파. It's part of the bat. I've got four. One more. Three. Five? Fifty. Either drink or Friday. Raising Africa. I don't know. Eighteen. What? of precipitous drop in this which means finally they finally got a trend without all them wired diaries living in with a hello they kidding 537 to a 466 man that's overall big three three six up to a four six that's because we keep promoting a poll in old run isn't it right are they on big is that what they're on yeah that's right WSDJ and the likely what it is four four WQAM four out of a four one we went up a 10 but you know something see that's remember what the number was I told you three six right that's the overall number in men I said if we went from a three six up and we went to a four one so we had a good February looks like it would appear to probably busy extrapolating right now when you think I'm sure okay now we'll get the bay parts we'll see how the hump are did and now what about waxy in men waxy one three in the last trend a one four in this trend a uh not uh huh does this zoom into the top yeah they got the same numbers we got just the other way around we got a four one they got a one four yeah they got the decimal in a wrong place like I said they got your rose and nothing nobody else that you want to be killed before by the way before I want whatever you got I wanted I got a stack of paper all the way to the ceiling they had a chopped down 400 oak trees to build this a crap to make all this paper how do you like that I got pepperis I got papara I got papaya whatever you want I got it oh look at this that's a page is for it in back here man I got like a regular machine go on I got my own machine I'm a that's the extrapolations that we speak or if you're making what we say would buy that's a good machine man I couldn't I she in mind oh oh she's what am I going to do about that situation okay let's see six to ten a many team plus mornings the audience care about this or we do though this is our bread and butter this is our meat and potatoes this is our halivai and uh uh horse radish don't be put no horse radish on your halivai that's a disgusting thought it is horse radish goes on your filter fish you like your filter fish I can't see that you never had your filter fish I'm sure a wash off eggs yolli and mix in the jar first because I've had white fish is that similar same thing okay yeah like it I bought the split it's all right so you only kind of fish I'll eat besides tuna fish because it does never fish it is so pretty good yeah and it is is it's not I'm like as you know smoking all you know is smoking it's smoking it's okay just stick in your shoe smoking that's all you know man you can't wait for that part of the god you only got to know that smokes is leg anyway WXD is that espanyol again I'm sure about because it's number one in a morning WHQT oh and that's a one in a morning with the guy that's of whatever his name is what's his name old uh uh rohello uh Gonzalez I don't know his name Jose Haman is I don't know yeah don't remember like somebody calling in one of your people and tell me oh yeah he's very popular and he's does a very funny show I'm a my yeah similar like rohello Gonzalez a shorts whatever anyway hot is number two that's the hardest working guy is he's still on there the a fly jack don't know not a junior lucky an audio mom b you see there's nobody speaks English right there in the top three including the number two and how one of five innocent with a big look at Ron and Paul man I score boys with our material there's smoke into the top no one of their steel all of our stuff from a three eight up to a five two they had a gigantic February those boys now we tell you like them nope QAM 43 up to a 42 now let me tell you what the key number in the morning was okay I'll see you on it to say well what does that mean that you just mind your old business the number was a three nine that meant if we're gonna stay the same where we were before was a three nine what do we get we got a four two so that means we had a decent February not spectacular gigantic but decent and I would be dropping for a four five to a four point oh yeah that's good to see them drop now what about in the morning what about your rosinolos going over there out last year which is a part of that whole thing what time is he on seven to ten yes okay let's see I'm looking on a second page I'm looking I'm looking I don't see them power ninety six by well it's not three demo by the way I'll be stuck at five days that you're power ninety six we don't know why we know why yeah I don't you a swave I don't you I you are what where is it here it is from a two one to a two oh rock the tenth of a point yeah from number twenty number twenty at least they're consistent you guys are going nowhere is baby nowhere's because you're narrow casting and because we got the hopper and we got the mad dog and you got you and that's it you got a little dog we got big dog you got a little dog so there you go now let's take our lives in our hands what is four thousand pages coming here right oh look at that they dropped a full point there let's see our magic number was a three nine no it was a four three right we got that be yeah we beat a bad we were five six to a five six but then again includes a drop off a huge month so we beat that four three by a long shot we're number four men on this I'm already looking at the extrapolations okay well don't tell me yet okay I can tell you what it is you want me to tell you yeah let me just her fun take a and see if my math is as good as you're a boyfriend there take a five yeah oh see five six what do we got five six time is three is sixteen point eight got it okay okay so that means in in we had an eight two eight point two very nice that's a nice number yeah in 18 plus that is that's one of our big numbers going back away it's too low like right back November again where we were when we had an eight oh so there you go we had a big February boys girl stay cut now we can just get a decent marching pull out a good girl to make some bonus money I would get once again once again save red weed from himself himself itself how do we do it how do we let's see what why she did their anime day because that's juice and toast and and booster and omelet and scrambled eggs and mark Eisenberg well you think you know I realize we change your refinements but they only been on the air a few months and they keep changing now those people around like they got a revolving door in there right they said that was you know then we'll figure that yeah oh yeah right I and see radio America they were flat they went nowhere they had like a marginal investment two two two three they're doing nothing well actually here you go all mid days one point oh all way up to a one point two oh my god we're starting to make a little bit of a move over there from number 25 to number 25 they're making a real serious move at least in the midday not god at least suck now let's take a look at the afternoon and again it goes back to what I'm telling you there's no room for two sports stations in this there's not room for one sports station in this market okay we're just taking our way through and we're just taking our way through because we got some big big fat names we have one big fat guy and a big fat names like mad dog and of course don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't maybe he was responsible for that nice jump up we had midday size part of that 10 to three keep that in mind that's right maybe he ought to be like a little more friendly to us because we can all like get long here and if he wants to go someplace else that's up to him we have pack them a sandwich we should look put him on a bus who cares but in the meantime stop at his phony temper tantrums based on some stupid ass poll okay afternoons big is number one we'll see big had a big big all the way around so it's not running Paul it's just that he got a bunch of wired diaries over there at clear channel hot is number two in the afternoon and man i od from a six four dot will five point oh boy drop in dramatically as they should followed by love wacky radio mumbi boy a lot of an old speaking lace people in this diary and this month 2 a.m. 3 a to a four four on nice jump up there nice one mad dog that's three to seven mad dog in the course or two that's right mm now let's see the afternoon magic number was three point what is it three point seven and maybe to four four follow so they'd be there they'd be there gold by uh i'm telling you just in these stay even category with the previous trend are you following this do you realize right on my math uh thing i'm doing here yeah okay well you're gonna extrapolate that for four for you i mean to do it for you and then you probably already got it yeah but let's just see if it matches okay just before follow it's a what that's the first days at your long thirteen point two seven four from a thirteen two is eight is five point eight uh we had an eight six they had a five point eight now did we do a Hank's uh thing at the morning did we uh extrapolate him well we ought to i'm sure he's out there listening right now probably uh getting really probably on his way to uh by the way you got the 18 or 34 coming at your net the end of that waxing extrapolation for what it's worth okay just just come down little bit a little bit a man i just can't handle all the uh the hot pressure and tension here a little bit too much tension maybe i didn't get the morning did you send me morning man yeah say everything did i miss places did i needed or here it is one moment please let's see how to comfort it here what are the hampers number of four very well okay well thank god for the hampers i'm telling you four two times three is twelve point six got it got it last seven point eight is eight is uh four point eight right that's what it was now what you got that's what i mean that's what it was i'm telling you that's what it was okay you can take dust man then you can wipe your back though you like that do fairy four eight four eight four eight and that's really great that's so three to seven so i think we got like a comeback on horizon and a month from now when a whole book comes out maybe and maybe not but at least this was a little bit of a reprieve it's like the letter the gas chamber like being left off the death row open enough that prison door letting us smell the sunshine and the flowers by was speaking red it's pretty damn nice here the sunny shining beautiful man what they'll come in there for it's ten it's fifty are rates going to be fifty two today neck and that's right in a model paper and that thing so during the break all i'll take a puked it eleven fifty six and five sixty w q a m we're back in a hund again we're not and actually you guys are going nowhere no place same with the other one that skier america going nowhere yeah another example narrowcast one topic radio station right yeah but then i'll frank and what once you have your hand for catches on you're gonna see they're gonna kick some serious and tell each other's if you think you have termites in your home you ought to do something smart call rid it that's our ID it towards rid it pest control today for a free termite inspection rid it pest control uses an amazing orange road treatment that kills termites and termite eggs one hundred percent on contact i mean they are gone immediately of not sooner so if you have termites here's the best possible way for you to get rid of forever you don't have to tend to your home either no worrying about poisonous gas no move off no station hotels no worry about food or pets in your health no treat your home with a amazing orange oil and don't even have to leave in fact when they're done treating your property the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for a few days it's true if you have a termite problem instead of tending your house and making it into a circus looking place and having the whole neighborhood pointing their finger right and saying oh my god look at that call rid it pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites one hundred percent on contact no tending no kidding call right now for the inspection of obligation call toll free one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight and say goodbye those termites forever one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight for ridded RID IT pest control one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight and look at that that need to great one oh no I don't know I don't know but it all would look better the second time special masses are being planned what is that wrong oh I knocked that thing down again I got some a lot more than a lot of you this mark Morgan it's the twelve to one hour on Q eight down this body here but that was your next to the body with a surfboard sure you have a lot of Barbie's model and you ain't seen nothing yet great but you see that one over there that's Bobby's friend and you don't have any can can when are you you can that would be gay that's here I didn't invite you to see my Bobby's out of the kindness of my team doctor oh no what a team doctor oh you're needed to revive Terry Shival through through right I right kick it check it out I thought I said it's about here she's complaining again step aside you're more I'm so performing and I got over here I'll write you get up and I said get up that's no use I think properly smarter than this bro oh Oh Okay, so 12-01. How about that thing played like so fun at pop. I've never less had played. Thank the Lord I'll be an active god and by the way speaking about the pop's greeting is become shallow Oh my god, his kidney function is deteriorating. Oh my god. His last words spoken have been I'm dying on the hand. I like that Oh, because as however it says the pop is visibly participating in prayers. What does that mean? Well, how How does that kind of like fit in? I think they're making some of this up. I'm not saying we're like they're praying and he's praying along He's singing along. He's doing a karaoke. Oh Oh So anyway, we did that just fine. Okay, we did great just like I predicted right not and I'd have to know number That's a biggest afternoon drive number. We've had a new station in a long time And I'm on the 5.8 did you see that in men? Yes, I did a 5-8 which is really great mad dog baby I'm telling you that man. What are I telling you today? Hey, don't sell our friend's short Who's that? Do do do do do Oh that one yeah, maybe he was responsible for that. We're not gonna ever know to the whole book comes out in a month So if he'll stick around long enough, we'll find out or not Let's see 18 to 34 we want to work at these and see if we did anything and it's not our demo. Okay, no, whatever 3632 and we're nowhere we're in no man's land We got nothing although back in the fallway at a 49 in midday, but we just this was not an 18 to 34 book for the whole station So you don't have to send me more of their crap. Well, no, it's done. It's over. Oh, except for whatever's viewing right now All it's you and I mean pages and pages like I said why are you doing this to me? Oh, here's the Oaxi is that what this is the one Yeah, exactly. Oh, you know for point of reference just for fun. Okay, in fact Let's take a look at waxing man. Okay, the best sports station are our stiff competition Look at that they started to make a little bit of a move Sixth and midnight from a one four to a one seven all my goodness. Oh my god. Let's see mornings one seven to a two four of course back in November. They had a two seven in November two seven one nine one seven two four kind of week mid days One oh point eight one two one six all they're picking now baby one six in man We had a night two they had a one six in February and they have to know in a one three one One point nine in February at 2.5 so they have really they've come in on strong baby three to seven and two five Of course we got a five eight. So we'll see just started to make a little a little a little Nudge here and air But I'm gonna take it one thing. What is that time slot again three to seven which includes mostly Dan LeBastard and Stugots and that garbage they got I'm gonna tell you something if anybody listens to that you get what you deserve That's all I'm gonna tell you right now when you're riding when you remember that smell of riding burning flesh In hell Now they know you're getting what you deserve believe me Okay My drawer will definitely have nothing for that. Oh, what is this night times and waxy from a point six to a one two They're making a move I turned the close-in baby for insane deep trouble. I'll see that right now You believe it? No, no, I don't either five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five 60 and the Verizon singular Ryves on the pubs breathing has become a shallow he's only moments away Before they have to disconnect all those two Look at those get keys of it. Look at those screamers and those outfits. Are you watching right now? And yeah at the Vatican for the probably our Goodness, they're good mission for working the trio offices and Politicians the dignitaries people are starving in the streets of Rome their slippers There's all kinds of get-seekies out there sitting on a sitting on the sidewalks begging for a check I'll begging for a a lira or two right euro or two and look at this They would have look at all the trappings and the trappings and the robes and all my goodness And the reenactment of the death and the resurrection of the Lord, but not just the death. Oh Seriously, oh I've otherwise figured the Catholic Church could say where thank you The Roman Catholic Church plans to establish its first religious society devoted exclusively to fighting youth and age and abortion Church leaders in this week To now wasting any time. Oh, of course The male only missionaries of the gospel of life founded by Father Frank A. Pavone You saw for Father Pavone in this weekend panels parked carrying on like crazy and entrenching the arrivals And outscoken and pulled into abortion rights father Pavone will be housed in a vacant Catholic high school and dormitory I'm the grounds of the DIC's of Emma Rillow the order will have a decidedly political bent and will be active Redland counterplated for Voneset active redland kind of plated. He's gonna get bent It's pleased with a train to conduct voter registration drives He was the me the get out through anti-abortion message and lobby lawmakers to restrict abortion rights They'll also learn to lead demonstrations outside of our fists where abortion and family planning services are provided There's an difference between knowing the teachings and knowing how to effectively advance a movement for Voneset I'm about to have a movement myself just thinking about it and recent months Pavone has been focused on marshalling religious conservatives around Terry Shivow The world also is director of an association of anti-abortion priests called priests priests for life Say it right priests for life got it got it good the church finds herself battling a plague as spiritually fatal as any she has ever fought before The plague of the culture of death he wrote That's right they don't care about you while you're alive, but when you're in a dead brain dead state Would you have a feeding cube stuck in your stomach or your nose or all of these places or maybe even near That's them and of course when you're still in the womb there when you're in that fetus conditions then they care about you a lot in between That's it. That's all you need little rise, bring Maybe a little wine on the lips. That's about it. They don't care. Okay. That's all. They just don't give a crap Right to the hear this story talk about how America has fallen to a new to new depths and item on the snow home-ish high school districts website Where was this Seattle got it got it and item on the snow home-ish school districts website We first of the football teams snow-hole traditions and snow-hole mojo is both a headline in a school year book and then even the local espresso stand Snow-hole mojo Oh my so how much would you listen me? But when snow-homish high senior just in Patrick work teacher to school last month with the letters snow-hole is across the front It led to a suspension from a school no-oh School officials say snow-hose contains a slang term for prostitutes and is deriatorated women As a woman, I am sure that you can appreciate our desire and snow-homish to maintain respect for all members of our community Especially our young women and not a lot of the abbreviated form of our school name to be used to reference them as hose Said this great spokeswoman Shannon part-hamer and response to an email query about his suspension Patrick and for friends. So you know a hoes is the name for their type group of friends It was calling four years ago when they started filming videos for fun We tried snow homens, but that was too long said cow butcher another friend Max Stacks that they never considered a term deriatorie until Patrick was sent to the orifice last month and not having a calculator in Mad Fass He and his friends say nobody objected to the shirts that poachers said they were to school all the time They got they showed these kids on here right now. These really very ugly kids and it says snow-hose on her t-shirts Vice principal Robin Harrington told Patrick for sure didn't seem appropriate for school and that he needed to cover it up I've already said that when he protested Harrington called in another vice principal confirm that to sure violated the school dress code Which for I would any display of words pictures or references to alcohol tobacco weapons guns or sexual in you window First rated panter city walked out of the orifice return to class when was called back by security office of the next period was again told to cover up to sure Patrick said he lost his temper and used a few choice words as in and then even a lot of trouble Hello, it's still I'd like that and he held you fair. Yeah at the principal He got a one basis pension for dress code violations and sexual harassment and a second day for gross insubordination Patrick's father very Patrick Ritz that is some lost his temper School official but he also can't believe the sun was suspended for adding an S to a common abbreviation He showed an administrator's photo copies of the 2004 year book where the words snow-how appeared several times and One headline refers to students as snow homies Legal experts say while students enjoy broad protections for political speech schools may restrict dresser behavior that disrupts the educational In environment all cracker, please Store J a constitutional law scholar at the University of Washington, said course Generally deferred to school administrators when it comes to determining what's offensive or indecent But he said calling a word derogatory when it isn't in a particular individual falls into legal gray area It's in a day area and a short solidary all four boys yesterday where there's no hoes shirts to school Two were told the cover of the lettering and they did the other two boys shirts went unnoticed. They said I think like that. How does snow hoses are you a hose out there? What does this is what America's wasting its time with like the woman was talking before about Terry's shival, you know, and I would have hoped If you thought that Terry's shival death watch was something you ain't seen nothing yet. Oh Just wait the very difficult circumstance is happy what to do if they were no letter You mentioned the The possibility of abdication a resignation the one provision in ten and all With his different opinion the case or come or would be with that that resignation our abdication has to be made Clean and with the bottom a cannon loss is all pretty good like for exemptions on a child molestation deal for got it This is the pubs condition his worst and he's like breathing shall over it Like that he's out of way out baby on a way out pretty soon. They're gonna be convenient We're gonna meet gonna see some snow snow blowing through that chimney In fact, we're gonna stick a big queue through the chimney this time so they can go to right smoke Can run me Got that Pass no in a queue and we got more Howard David it did did that 2% no He likes it or not 4 to 655. It's mad dog at publics in Davy To be horse and round over their in Davy mad dog as usual putting in a big number in air in the month of February Like you always that's nice going mad dog Right doing it like always as dependable as the weather in normal asca Marlon's on deck at 655 Marlon's at the mess in 14 loosely last couple exhibition games this weekend tonight in tomorrow And then regular season starts next week. It can't take a clock tonight and then next next week when people are actually paying attention Cuz I don't think too many people paid too much attention to spring training games Well people are dependent then we can hear rock seed burns day and then you're gonna be working with the next week And let's see those games are home games right Atlanta. That's right So you're gonna be working with rocksy burn scene. So be careful what you say don't be like mouth and off right off the bat Don't go in and say well Neil said that you really sound like guilty Yeah, that would be a good idea I mean they've been boring knows I'm sure that I said he's as boring as sawdust. He's got a good idea Now, what does that mean is he trashing me? Is he bad-mothing me? Dave and boring? No, it's never said a word about you get out of here. Then why do you say that then how do you know that then how do I know that he knows? How do you know that he knows the nose nose because I've been sitting there you know during a day game when you're on and you know before he goes on and you're talking about his You know There's been running this in basically in the home man there listen home a man the Terry Shival based log rock casting I'm sure he might be a nice guy Might be definitely There you go you said he's a nice guy's got a hot wife. He's got a bed here a piece you said I got a great fat's here from Lyle I haven't read it yet, but wow look at this this is funny Yeah, yeah, that's funny Okay, we'll get to it after the break see we're laughing and we're yucking enough now We've had a bad trend. We'd be oh You know make it those Terry Shival Eric sounds you know whoa like that But hey look we keep that again baby. We keep telling back you can't hold it. We're just like watching a Glenn close to keep trying to hold us underwater, but we keep popping back out of it You know Yeah, the fatal distraction Hey, you know spring is here and now's a great time to get on down Armstrong for the homestead for some unbeatable deals on brand new O5s right now get the undawable focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford and zero percent financing how about a next edition with $3,000 cash back and 1.9% financing? Check out the O5 for door or store right now. Armstrong for the homestead with $2500 cash back and 1.9% financing and don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong for home Said will get that exclusive unbelievable unmanctible tires parts and batteries for life program plus on top of all of that a free Florida Some past two Armstrong for this product of our servicemen and women if you were in a military or if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active duty Reservance National Guard of Coast Guard you'll get a military appreciation discount David Richardson the staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee the best price. They'll bet you grace life on it And because they locally owned and operated they'll feature like with a velvet clothes because they want to make you happy and a satisfied customer See you'll come back again in the game Armstrong for the homestead the reveal 725 South to Xehaway Just 20 minutes south of the E36 check out the web Armstrong cars.com or give David a Victor or call a 305 247 51 12 305 247 51 12 But please whatever you do grab a few extra miles and save yourself thousands and thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead You'll Roger Hey, my name is Mark and wire. I played the game the baseball since I was nine years old. I love and respect Zeroed use I've been a person who the spread rumors or said things about teammates that could hurt them I will do everything in my power to help steroid use and baseball and create jeopardy for my friends When I was lucky enough to secure my last major league contract one of the first things I did was a two harm friends and respected teammates I am also offering to be spokesman of performance enhancing drugs most importantly every little bigger polony league high school college player He's understand that the performance enhancing drugs will solve the problem. Thank you very much You're welcome. Probably teens. So we now know who liaillars by the way You do know who it is don't you after being missed. I have some theories now I want to I want the name because I know the name there's absolutely no question about it hates you like poisoned by the way Yeah, no, I know who you're thinking. Nady Bell right nobody. I'm thinking that he doesn't hate me Let me see it again. You're wrong. Okay Here's liaill's latest misserv. Okay liaill who was gonna tell us who he was but obviously they want to do it But by by writing this makes it very clear who he is Give credit where credit is due much of what happened to Greg was not his own doing But circumstances beyond his control that's right. It wasn't Greg that put for real on the air It wasn't Greg that put the steering on here and the blue Joe Rosa and light about all those meetings He was gonna have it wasn't Greg that said that we were getting our bonus signing checks for the newest tension on my deal And then of course come to find out hadn't talked to corporate about it at all That wasn't Greg it was beyond his control right, Maddie You're an ass when it comes to giving kudos to make the station what it is today Oh, it's either it's either Maddie Bell or curious Sarner Greg is a fine individual who works hard to support a station that he treats his own He truly loves this station can move on to bigger projects but one because of his dedication and loyalty I've met as a GM and VPs the best in the business in this radio market Do you really know his background in his business? It's impressive. Yeah, he was a sales guy for the mafia This is a tough business as far as a rate as far as radio in general the radio business has changed considerably over the past four years ago in arbitrage on the national persons using radio percentage is fallen by 1.2 points primarily to the fact that total time spent listening is dropped from 21 hours and 30 minutes in a full 98 to 20 hours In other words, each year the average person times brothers and raiders declining by about a half hour each year week a week each year Finally, you don't know the truth about Howard David so stop spreading a dignity rumors the deal is in a sense done He gave it chances to read reconcile after the after an oversight with George and oversight after you try to get you fired and get me fired And the beast and Zach and Carolyn and Gellie and anybody else if you want a fast you information that will prove Greg Read rain as VP let's see the great reads rain as VP and GM event our station of powerhouse He could move on, but his too busy babysitting likes to some of the major personality signed a lie G.D. Baby he says. Yeah, he's babysitting. We don't need any babysitting What we need is somebody who leaves the damn thing alone Is what we need so what time is the Greg we show on what time is the Maddie Bell show on what time is the Gary Sarner show on huh Who'd you say now what do you think? Those one of the dudes right? Possibly yes, well, who else could it be it could be the water Nazi? I mean she could be using a guy's name, but then again that will be here. No, no way. It's not her style. Lyle And what would you say Gary Sarner or Maddie Bell come on let's hear George's guess. Okay, no, so do we go on Either one because he's the one Make a pick I'm trying to I'm going to start I and your Lotus it says in here. I mean the giveaway it says his reign has made our station of powerhouse So if there's any doubt that it's somebody working on the inside that doubt is long gone Okay, didn't take Charlotte home to figure that out from Lyle's a fax deal today or any of them See you to want to make it guess okay. You want alienate. I have people Gary Gary Sarner alienate Gary Sarner I Defacts his kosher okay. Seriously. Why would I worry about alienating on these people? They already hit you like boys. That's what I'm saying it. I too. Yeah, and this is Lyle Who by the way was telling me you know one day giving me a shot the next day or he just loves this show You know, just can't make up its mind. You know They're all I can't think of anybody else in the building who would defend the defenseless the kind of Ever it behavior to bizarre the changing the line the BS the grotesque stuff that's gone on They put in things on the air that have created nothing but chaos and tourists for all of us to us and brought Unleashed all kinds of evil forces on us that quite frankly had been out of the way for a long time all of these things So when it comes Lyle to give me a song and answer about how I don't know about this and I don't know about that believe me I know trust me what I'd say I could write a book about it, but nobody would believe it How many QAM hello? Yes, sir. Are you doing pretty good quick question yesterday I had Mo on for a quick check and then a caller says nothing about Neil yeah, and he said I'm I'm talking about him I'm not talking about that stiff anymore. So I miss a miss what you said the prior to this thing Okay, I go to see the archives. Okay, I'm not I'm not playing that game And let me say again when I told you before that I thought information I and look anybody's intent will talk to anyone Okay, we're talking to serious but then against not a secret management knows about we're talking to serious and Hopefully I didn't pick up the show off of the station and compensate the station and us or whatever That's fine But if there are people who are disgruntled or whatever the deal is or maybe some people are always disgruntled They want to look around that's fine, but the word gets out I don't just come on here and make up a bunch of crap I don't do that. I don't need to do that other kind of stuff that goes in on this place But if somebody wants to use me is they choose to take a walk and never do that that that might not let them happen Okay, because you know, it's just it's just not a matter of fact is bull crab And I'm gonna say it again. I was the one. I'll say what I said yesterday I was the one when we're figuring out all who we're gonna stick in there We got those two hours mad dog won't do two to six. Who we're gonna put in there and I said Don't throw them all man. Okay. That's what I said. Maybe I made a bad mistake Maybe I thought that maybe this guy could like we have himself become like part of the human race But I don't know and I don't care at this point. Don't care 560560 pound 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line. I can't wait to be there to see Gary Sarner and Maddie Bell Okay, can't wait. I think it'll be conspicuous by their absence. Oh, how many Q a m hello? Do I am Hello Hello I don't you love that one somebody is calling you when you leave a little bit a lot. Yeah, hello Oh, did you hear that? I sounded like Portuguese to me. Yeah. Yeah sure it did. I just don't know They were pretty the rosary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What was the point of that call? 560560 pound 560 and they've arrived Verizon and singular wireless line your people again, man. Hey those reports What about that? WQ a m hello Congratulations on your rating. You're okay. Thanks so much with a funny voice, okay. Thanks so much WQ a m hello. You think you're more the one here. We'll go for your pub died Do I think what? What do you say do I think right? I don't know get a new phone get in the phone. I would understand what I'm talking about okay Schmuck 560560 look at these phones man Everything the ratings and lials fast we just to everybody's gone. They all laid out. Okay The ratings are for us. That's our bread and that's our survival and by the way Lyle I hate to break the news here, but like I said people are listening to you because they want to hear the Greg Weed show They're listening because we got Hank and Neil and Mad Dog in whoever else. That's why they're listening I mean just unbelievable you know I guess it must be great to go through life and have a just a little core of people that hang around and just Lucky lucky lucky all the you know, it's just incredible and no matter what you do no matter how Everyone grow 10-n-a-m-a-how you lie to people no matter how you make up stories How you avoid people you play the the avoidance game. It's like oh, man You can't do the wrong. It's all when you're the boss and have a lot of money. Right WQ a m hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. You're sad to hear about Terry Shazou. Yeah I'm real quick. I don't know if you're familiar with this working chip dot com website Yeah, we have a lot of this days on a website all the time You know, they got a vertical that ponder lay and Put news daddy to bed when it was uh, so I'll go to pay something I read that on the year a couple of days ago It's you know, it's old news and they get with the wake up talk about Terry Shibou What's what's something gonna read insert his shoe or crying out loud? God almighty wow Talk about doors unbelievable is what it is WQ a m hello Yes, sir. David Jupiter. Yeah, Dave go ahead second time college go ahead. Dave second time call her go ahead I'm on the air meal star like sounds like David Jupiter to me Neil God Just you since you're on FM with that captain Dave douchebag and who is the other one? Okay, see there we go. Same words again. And we could save back them, but we can't say now. Okay Said the DB word can't do that. Hey, David jupy are you gonna get with it? We can't do that no more jorces and have an average break down. I'm sorry corporate legal will have an average break down Yeah, could it possibly be anybody else now? I guess it could be like I can't think of anything over the simple preliminary investigating here. Yes It's done from a windfax as you can see so someone's pewter. Yeah, and supposedly no one in the building has that program So what does that mean that it's not likely that it came from inside the building although I'm not really You know, yeah our station maybe it's Bob for moose Yeah, Bob are moved from the wistness time with this show because this was somebody who a couple of days ago cleaned He liked this show you know, obviously he's gotten the whole life because he's involved with it Sure like I mean round a clock even when we're not on the air. He's a you know So we'll find out look at child icons we'll get Miss Marple will get to Lumbo and all of these people You roll wolf Michael How are they doing by the way? They took a real live thing goodness teach channel bloose Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami You're fair You You Thank you baby I'm very appreciative that you chose me to conduct this interview. Sure. What do you hope that your legacy will be you've got four years And I know I'm asking and I'm down the line question, but what do you hope it will be? Durs and destabilizing the vital part of the world. Okay now in the next four years What do you most want to accomplish yourself? Play God What are you going to be able to do that others haven't been able to spread hatred and Villify the United States? I hope that 50 years from now people look back and say George Devya a dictator a tyrant a thug do you think all of that can happen for years? Yes, I do and I'm excited about it 2020 returns the president just peed on the top of the city over office. Oh, absolutely and I intend to do Comforty five base no star I'm coming tonight overnight honey like that. I make it snowed in When that is a shame don't do that. I'll be there here's another interesting facts Boydor all whipped up into a frenzy now. We've got the internet scene radio war going on now Bell it like that starting with lile by the way Maddie well. I'm in jury center Do you know I've unless you've been listening to you as you move from a station to station in the market compared to QA I would be must have been a paradise. Oh, yeah for quite a while there it was okay We had a pretty good time right? Yeah, it was all right. I mean it had its problems no places perfect But it was a paradise. Oh, the right way they certainly didn't get lied to as much. I'll say that didn't get Oh, for life of me. I don't know how you and others have been able to maintain your sanity with all the scum that Infest the workplace there Huh from the front office to sales to the engineering by the way. We got our dots back From the front office to sales to engineering the level of the incompetence and batch-deving Transants even the worst of corporate stories instead of embracing the talent working with it It seems they're constantly biting the proverbial hand that feeds him. It's no one of the stations crumbling on the way to the Its own pompousness and craftness not to mention the elitid copy that you and Hank F. Put up with daily Those of us who are long time list, there shouldn't be surprised that the acrimonid that's been eating weight like a cancer And that's a loyal Greg weed shill supporters and aphilicers are scrambling like rats on a sinking ship and desperate to put a fresh coat of paint on the milder Ritten walls Ha ha ha no does WQAM signs just another flag in Miami You fair anyway that that's incredibly well written, you know right and insightful yeah 560 pound five 60 on a hello. I'll say this other than other than dick cancer I'm trying to think of anybody that I ever worked for in this market. I mean civil event You know is a great guy. I gave me my break my start in the Senate, but you know he didn't have any money So I don't want to exclude Sidonac for since a good guy, but other since then since KAT the beginning other than dick cancer I can't think of anybody I've ever worked for who appreciated the talent of work for the talent all all the rest of them Or like kind of like you know, it's us against you, you know us against you and like we have to put up with you and tolerate and quite frankly I don't know what they were tolerating I mean of course to complaining anytime, you know He couldn't give copy or anything and things won't work in tech degree That made you a bad guy because if you have any professionalism at all and you're trying to complain to your pain in the ass That's that forget about it just do them. I know like that comment about it If Neil has to do they show from a broom closet We're paying them about a money and he's gonna have to do that that was from our former Ajule lawyer for QAM When we were having trouble finding out if they were gonna have a studio built to do the show in after they signed me up to make all sorts of Representations that they weren't prepared to live up to if Neil has to do the show out of a telephone booth or a broom closet That's what will have to do because we're paying them a lot of money. There you go. Remember those days. Yeah, I remember yeah kidding me. Yeah, but it anyway, so I'm the one that can write the book, Maddie or Gerrier or any of the non-air people See this is obviously written by somebody who's not gonna be on air people who's who instantly makes them an expert We're all opinion the ass the management people there the maven's there the full of geniuses 560505060 pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM Hello Yes, sir Okay, are you under water something what kind of a phone you are Well, so we know man just a window Good, got something to mention a window Is that better yeah You guys have a food They are We didn't take the poll. It was a story about it. Yeah, right who didn't sit that phone? bunch of humans 56070560 pound 560 on a Verizon singular wireless lines That was good having close the window to hold thank you about 45 sir. Yeah, but there's one done in QAM hello Hey, yeah, you don't sure glad we got these dots back pretty good sir All right, great You know watching CNN I have it on there. It's like the new quick It looks like a pop-sum is way out right now. Are you listening to this show sir? Are you listening to this show? What's your are you listening to? Yeah 5607056. It was many bells boyfriend you're fairies pound five 60 only Verizon singular wireless lines It's it's where we talked about earlier. Well, it's it's what transforms a moment of of pain and great sadness Yeah, the pop-sum is way out, okay the way they slut him and you know sat him up there in front of that window even I was embarrassed Did the day when he's like you know couldn't get a word down He's obviously an agony and they put this poor old a coat up there is something from the window like like some kind of an object Not like a person but like an object well he is and always has been I see oh That's right to hold me fine. I forgot figure head W2AM hello. I'm going to get five folks. Do I have hello not there W2AM hello Frank foot Never been there San Francisco is on there Frank. What's good? Sure, okay. Thanks. Frank for he said is awesome Well Germany's good. I never been in the I haven't been in I didn't like Humburg I can live without that place very scenic though. They have like a lot of parks, you know a lot of grass You would like to develop a grass. Yeah, I like grass 560560 pound five 60 Any Verizon and singular wireless lines whereas lials next back so come on lials come out wherever you are Here's the challenge before the end of the week before I get there before 2 o'clock today I identify yourself loud raise your hand don't do this with this anonymous bullcraft Okay behind the shield of some phony made up name Let's find out who the real liel is huh who's got the real perica homes mr I'm looking at his butt right now man that That man that last fast that was special so so either it's got to be a put on you know Maybe it's just a put on because it is anybody even the people on talking about are they really could they be bad? Oh, huh animated W2AM hello W2AM hello How do you go? W2AM hello Man, that's a bread and butter in my life, baby. That's what it's all about these are my people This is my crowd man. Wow About Florentia italia Florentia? Yeah, man. I mean, I mean, they're not about a great city and I don't know if you've ever been there But I'm gonna be by everyone there. I've been here several times. Quarance is beautiful It's gorgeous and I don't you know, I've only been in Rome two or three times so I can't Speak from obviously the experience that you can probably speak from but I consider the food over there Even better than the one in Rome. I mean you could you could gain 500 pounds Oh, usually yeah, yeah anywhere in Central is something really We're always the final thing Yeah, but ends as great in Rome as well I would say I would say that city and the other one I would also think about would be Venice I'll never been there That's nice. That is okay. I mean, it's beautiful. It's I'm like walking around with a but not swimming Wow, yeah, yeah, yeah, that does that is a little bit of a problem, but how man all of it? At least you know What's up like so anyways? Just enclosing I'm absolutely the whole day yesterday on all four channels according to my old man because I wasn't I was at work the whole day Terry Shival now today. I guess it's so we got the death watch for the Pope is death watch TV But we're gonna have to go new format. This is absolutely sick. Yeah Man, just in a feeding frenzy these people in the meeting need to be put in a rubber room somewhere Oh, I do Okay, child 567. I have put Florence Italy on it. Oh, here's a fabulous place. Oh, man Fabulous never been there no Yeah, flood for quite 6705 60 pound 560 if you're right. I'll go see him with a given to somebody when he had some He could have at least sent you to Amsterdam and you could have stayed in his apartment using apartment right right But now he don't have any money. So I'm gonna call him and he called you before about whatever he said whatever that was Yes, he did And what do he say? He said are you guys still taking the poll? I'd like to put Costa Rica on there like He calls every day and you know just didn't miss a beat What do you mean like he calls every day? I don't know he called just like it was normal like we've heard from him in months Yeah, in months. I mean he's trying to like maybe trying to suck up a little bit Okay, now that Brad is taking such good care of us over at Tony's and we love his foods so much Maybe that's a deal and Frankie's but all those pizzas by maybe Jeff is trying to suck up a little bit You never know you think I don't know. I mean I know I like to guys he's a he's a business friend. You know He's a There only point I was trying to make that is that there are different kinds of friends you have you have people are your friend You know like you know and then there people are your real post friends which We all have and then there are people that are like acquaintances. I put him in the middle category A friend but not a close personal friend. I'm gonna hang out with and go to like concerts with and go to like ball games with and go to dinners with no And all of a sudden he evidently took that personal and then skipping when over there and he has sandbag I'm in the right then Berkeley got one of those what they'll she did huh when she started concerning when and why's guys I can't wait to see some of these people you know to put their feet to the fire Even even Todd Drek even have little turd burger even he came through a last couple of weeks, you know Do have Todd a cup of coffee okay, maybe a half a cup because he even he's closing it now, right? Yeah, but some of these other people but Being in a talk of good game that he couldn't close the deal if I you haven't put an oozy to their head Berkeley But she let us meet those that much you said she's a big edge. He came in this morning to remind me to remind you that she likes your lives I'll tell you one thing Billy likes me. I don't know who he is but he is also in sales We're trying to find a few people in the building who's to like me as a post a maddie bell who used to like me before He started writing me all these funny facts is aka lives The two hours Anybody Desenting from our way Super Everybody signing Lindsay I'm just too busy with everything we can. And the state run you. Blood watered for the poor friend. We love your husband. I hope in Cainy for Spain. That's as you were saying. We don't mind you see our jobs, though. A bad economy's boom. We're not saying goodbye, J. No, don't be so stupid, whoo. All the water's so sweet. The tax of marriage is with. You've found everybody's turning trash in. You're a black ass. You're a white ass. On a clock at five sixty on a mady bell show. A.Z. Pull analysis points to two thousand four election corruption. This is from a Stephen Dyer. I couldn't be congerno. We know that they stole the election now. There's no question in my mind after. Last couple of days reading some of this stuff. There's a one nine hundred and fifty nine thousand chance that exit pull us could have been so wrong. And predicting the outcome of the two thousand four presidential election. According to a statistical analysis released yesterday. On a way to post-dion. Exit pulls data. Remember election showed John Kerry winning by three percent. But George Bush won the count by two and a half percent. The explanation for this graph and see that was offered by the exit pulling from that carry voters were more likely to participate in the exit pulling. Is an inflossible theory, according to report. They should yesterday by US count votes. A group that clined this made up of about two thousand statisticians. Twelve of them, including a case question reserve university's mathematics instructor signed a report. Instead that that is support the idea that corruption of the vote counter occurred more freely in districts that were overwhelmingly bushed wrong holes. The report dismisses chance and inaccurate exit pulling is the reasons for the discrepancy with the results. They found that the one hypothesis that can't be ruled out is inaccurate election results. The hypothesis that the voters intent was not accurately recorded or counted. Needs further investigation said. The conclusion due at you on from a high-wolection officials who repeated that the discrepancy issue was set over pulling firms Edison, media research and metowski international disavowed its pools because carry voters are more likely to answer exit pools that theory yesterday is reported in plausible. Ohio has been at the center of voter disenfranchisement debates in selection. What are you going to do with set lief edits of Carole L'April Oscoxman for the Ohio Secretary of State J. Kennedy Blackwell who is responsible for administering Ohio's elections and is a Republican candidate for governor? We're not especially interested in the reports findings. We've wished them luck but hopefully find something more interesting to do. These statistical analysis shows that the discrepancy between polls and results was especially high and precincts that voted for Bush as high as a 10% difference. The report says that if the official explanation that Bush voters were more shy about filling out exit polls and precincts with more carry voters is true, then the precincts would large Bush votes should be more accurate, not less accurate as the native indicate. The report also called into question new voting machine technologies. All voting equipment technologies except paper ballots were associated with large unexplained exit poll discrepancies all favoring the same party which certainly warns further inquiry they're for conclusive. In other words, they still let again. If they didn't the first time, while when they do it again, right, right, right, right. The late now though, the horses out of the barn and down the road and the Pope is off tourists. They're saying that with the just said in Rome, the Pope off tourists. That's quote. Other than Florida, where in the world were you most fondly if that's our poll question today? 748 votes not too bad. We could have pushed it a little bit, but we had those other more important numbers earlier. Thanks to Greg, we're kicking us again in February. Didn't you thanks to him? Yes. Couldn't have done it without you Greg. Thanks for babysitting all of us for all breads. Lost Vegas 87 New York 82 Costa Rica 73 Vancouver 72 Amsterdam 64 Rome 44 Tahoe 41 Vanda 37 Frisco 36 San Diego 32 Paris's got 3rd man Toronto's got 3rd man L.A. 27 Chicago 18 Ibiza 18 Colonsor May 14 Berlin 9. Berlin's great. Berlin is sensational. Israel 8, Dominican Republic 7, turn that to Lego 6. We don't know why. Well, it's just not our bag, you know, right. Wanna go there? No. 5. Copenhagen 3 Sacramento 3 Budapest 2. None for Venice, Florence or Frankfurt out of 748 votes. No, I'm not for Florence. I can't believe that. Of course right now. This time of the year, it's already April full day. It's the first of April. Probably a lot of people in these places. Now, too, when you think, I would think. W2AM Hello. 2AM. W2AM Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I got a place to live. Yeah. Yeah. Prop out. Under what overpass? How about Logos, Nigeria? Yeah. Okay. Have a good time. W2AM. Okay. I'm originally from Chicago, but my vote's got to go to New Zealand. New Zealand, that's why George wanted to vote. Well, then me and her go. Okay. We'll have a good time. All righty. Thanks. There's a guy you can use going to take you away. They're going to put you like a kangaroo in his pouch. Yeah, that's all right. They don't have kangaroo's in New Zealand though. They have kiwis though. Oh, and that's all I kiwis. Right. What else do they got? Why would you want to live in New Zealand? What's the attraction? What is it going to go down and out of the way? They're very liberal. I understand. Yeah. I got one that is not there yet. And I can't imagine why. What about Hawaii? We don't have to be specific. I can say, uh, a leader or why. Why? What about Hawaii? What do we want to like there? How what's wrong with you people for crying out loud? What's wrong with Hawaii, man? This tropical paradise. And it is what we're going to know. That blue crystal clear clean warm Pacific water would exist. Those great breezes, man. The trade winds. Oh, see, even when it's hot in the summertime, what's it really gets to 90? I hit some of the upper 80s, but it's never humid. It's because the trade winds that is always a nice breeze. Oh, between your knees. Hawaii is great. Just to them far and to them expensive. Wow. It's like you ain't going to Hawaii. Yeah. Maybe maybe you sweet water. It's about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town. Maybe up to like Sheridan and the 441. That's about all. Maybe all the way up to like, um, pines. Town 5, 60. Only Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Now, Josh, you got this making a big box. He's making it on those Marlon games. He might get all the way like two. Power line. Maybe to Palm Beach Line. He lives in Cross Friends. Maybe like to broke us someday. Maybe more we'll take it to New York Prime. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hawaii. I got one for you. Uh huh. Santa Cruz in the Canary Islands. Santa Cruz, okay. And the Canary Islands. Let's just put Canary Islands. And a listen. It's a book. It's the book. It's the book. Guy's today. Was that making the pop up? Pools. You talk about disrespectal man. That was disgusting. One at... Pick it on the Holy Father like that. That was gross. That pops. That pops. That guy's going to burn in hell. Make no mistake about it. What are your people? You know? Always try to be cute. Always try to be amusing. Did Lion, Fast back in yet? What is true identity? No. Coward. Spineless. Jellyfish. You know? So it's definitely one of those two people. I think each one of them is got like one nut. Wtbqam. Hello. I want to talk to them here. I'm got your pardon. Wanna talk on the air? Sounds like Reverend Joe. I'm not sure. I don't know. I don't know. Not sure. Would he go for your sir? What do you want? I want to spit my own fart. I want to spit my own fart. Oh good. Don't leave me behind. I have a little bit of a man. Sounds like you're in for a really fine weekend. What about QAN? Hello. Hello. The Neale. Yes. Do you even poke a sign over there? Yeah. And I'll call you. Can't say God damn anymore. Yeah. Thank you a lot later. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah WQA who not there five six seven old five sixty pound five sixty out of Verizon singular wireless line I'm waiting for Lyle the colon on the bat line. That would be good. Yeah I'm gonna keep my line 12 super Lyle. I ain't he's gonna call him. You'll see WQA and hello, you know, hey did you catch the air America documentary The era American documentary. Yeah, with Randy on it all that no, I would I watch that I know you kind of like her a little bit and want to know if you watch it or not. No Hey, when you gonna come to the BCC and do a remote. I'm not. All right. See you Groupy groupy alert Groupies and Broward all boy through a remote at BCC then that sounds circulating man. Oh, yeah Then you watch the era America or documentary on HB oh oh brother. Yeah It was on last night. It was yeah flip- flip past it. Oh Now why would you that I saw you like the What your name? I got a sign on the air But I had the interest in the documentary about that. I know everything about that When either all the classroom land for might have been on there. I'm sure she was they're not doing much I'll tell you that with the nose friends to scare American do a much at all and of course look at the tremendous impact they had an election Yeah, they really did then Nobody QAM hello Somebody QAM hello That was good. Yes I thought maybe you should be in the next boat. Yeah, okay great. In fact, we had that one CD They got everybody all been out of shape all the forbidden Catholics. Oh my gosh This is disgusting the one would be with a green schmata on as the pope you qualify. Yes, I certainly do day bald now I Probably and I got that whole bunch of nice beanies there that used to wear a night whammy thing got all a nice beanies You like money. I like a money corrupted more corrupt a better and of course I looked lovely in a beautiful dress Never try to get but I bet you would be real comfortable, you know. Yeah, I kind of like Lucy goosey, you know sure Yeah, kind of like Prince Charles there and I'm kill cheese always walking around in you He said he feels kind of a Lucy goosey feeling Somebody QAM hello QAM yes Okay, yeah All right, maybe that was I know it might have been loyal. I know that was loyal Now that was into goofy enough to be the Gary Cernor Matty Bell You know, I'm trying to mind you know process of elimination to think of anybody else in the building Me too. I don't want it to be hasty and I mean it could be somebody from corporate over there Like for Rose, but he wouldn't waste his time and it could be somebody from outside the building since it was sent from a computer Could have been anybody right somebody that used to be here for example Somebody who pretends to know a lot about what's going on where we're gonna go in so it's probably there's a little Aholyos again, you know that he's a Danny and the juniors because it's got the same head around you know I'm sorry Danny and a juniors. Oh, what has the same head or is a day-freemin? Yeah, but a lot of people Maybe fat boys feeding them all the stuff, you know that could be could be or we're trying for a feeding on anything That's what I wrote that other facts. What's that the one that came later that's feeding one now run that fine me again I said it's more likely that fat boy wrote the other facts the skating one yeah The one that said from a fellow flag in Miami Wow, I didn't even realize it you're fairie Somebody QAM hello. Welcome to our pretty good pali what you got on my day I know this when the Pope comes to the window and he weighs like that That's just really aren't his arms that's a sketchy that's standing behind him waving his arms underneath there. Yeah, okay great Karl man excellent So get ski he's even he was my material now Probably a Southern Baptist we got go and talk in Yiddish now on at least we're making some progress right next They know they'll be eating like a filter fish. Be sure wash off that monk from a jar though first. Oh, God You never bought it. That's the same. That's right. You don't talk go camping. I've had lots of canned meats and I know that there's always a layer of Oh, God like so damn gelatin. It's got that gelatin in there's like real slimy. Oh It's the a coagulated like fat and whatnot. Oh, Paso Vegas is still kicking ass man 90 of you say that if you've been with anywhere in a world you live in Vegas and for the life of me I cannot figure out why it's because they it's fun it's exciting It's good see it's beautiful like a lot of neat places, but Well, you know little during visiting doing that, you know all the time You know every night every weekend going on in the street or or maybe because we had all this death TV last couple They maybe they figured they only got limited time and so what the hell is the little Some people have been praying to hear the post singing on his own CD your prayers have been answered now Through a special arrangement with the Vatican his holyness is back and these singing better than ever on the Pope sings he's a little me to live with my cell my name is Yes, it's Pope John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get the Starting play that organ new is a choir boy That organ new is a choir boy Let it down and go be and play that organ music to my diet The Pope sings give you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope will Stupid and I'm a CD Montana The I Pope sings is a venue with a special introductory price. Get it who saved yourself by dollars I like the best on his album is the one called 1-18 and 5-60 W-2-M-It's Death Watch TV baby all Terry all day all Papa all day and got one knows it'll be next you never know Jerry it could be Jerry pop it them could be Lyle 5-670 560 pound 560 and a Verizon singular wireless lines These people are really off their feed today. You know, I think everybody took off for the weekend I think this is the beginning of the well maybe last week was the beginning of the real heavy duty Everybody's going out of town thing okay WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir It's today's trying to get through to you today is an indication of April's number you gotta go through the roof for the month April What is Ryan? I got this phone is Ryan who is dead is the door now been trying to 10-5 this morning And there's no answer as busy all of that. Yeah, I want to nominate Crawford Texas I figured if we all move there may we lose the whole world You know for the whole day. Yeah, and one other quicky Yeah, so busy with with Terry Chaivo and the Pope while we are allowing Tom Delay and Congress to kill 400,000 Americans with tobacco products And Tom Delay by the way, he's not making these threatening speeches about a church career He's not mentioning a by name, but he's you know in jeopardizing the lives of any of these judges that voted their the way they didn't want and making promises that were going to all our right We Nazi judges in there. It's a real good camouflage for all of his problems You know of course exactly So you know Well, maybe they never crash a wake up before the end of the year. Let's only hope so good luck You know And then woke up so Anyway good for you five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty out of horizon singular wireless line time to wake up come on Terry wake up Stick that cue in here one more time even last night They were all bitchening each other and screaming and carrying on and it's I thought I could religion I think I said lots of doing this first that screaming that flaming priest man. Oh brother We're trying to get you out of it there. We're taking your pick W2AM hello What did this guy say you don't want to know oh something we had a dump no Not really if you'd been answered it then what you would have oh five six seven Oh five sixty I didn't hear what he said is What does that mean? I can't say it. I don't know how to dump it Don't why if you can't say it then how come you did what I said up for a line you're supposed to see oh I see come back How five sixty on a Verizon singular wireless lines W2AM hello Leo my friend also clever today. It's just amazing. Yeah, let's do working on it. Yes, I said it boy Yeah, peace of what It's true W2AM I am they're radio turned up so a lot of something inside of it 2 am one slice or even arch W2AM hello Yes, sir. Oh, I think I want to be a powerful okay? I'll go correct. Yeah, okay, great Okay, said W2AM hello Right, I watch that's put it on there. No, no buy it W2AM hello I do answer Yeah, what are I taking it in sir? But get about it right. Let's get about it. But get about it and then some Got about it actually started the paradigm that expire fighting course We have air medical for us the material village Hi, I'm actually calling it to say hello definitely today today that I've enjoyed your show for numerous amount of years only 25 of them listening to some little kid But also I had a question for you as far as you Switching over which obviously is it the end You feel you feel that you would glue some of your local Customers I mean like me personally. I mean if it's always on that it will listen to its speaking You know there's customers that believe you know, hey, why shouldn't I pay for radio? But that's not that it's been a life to get really paid for you know, do you know what I mean? Yeah So I want to know I mean You think you would be happier or serious radio or you You understand I'm not going anywhere I've got four more years to go on this station if serious picks it up It would pick it up off of this station Yeah, but I know you're contractions that's of the end of this year or next year. No, I pay I apologize No, I'm not always a Complete yet, but I'm not every it would just pick it up off of this station That's so it's still beyond here and you could either hit this non-serious and yeah, or if you have it or on a radio Okay, well, you're I mean Listen people take life too seriously and honestly after a Stressful day even my five-year-old son and I we say here listen to you with a mad dog And it's just to be it just funny and it honestly I mean not the time corny a cliche or any acid kissing Um, seriously, you just get to a point where it's a listen to you kind of right up to the not me other day and And be able to you know kind of move on in order to mean it Well, your service man taken as a gift on the day of your daughter's wedding. Have a great day, pal. There you go You five six seven. Oh five six. Yeah, I think I talked about it this business. Okay, and I may be a lie I would like you talk you back into it. Okay, do we have a fraction? No. No. Well, why not? Lyle is a libert. Let's see. Okay, I said All this commercial over I see I think other than people who are on the air who think they're funny like Joey for example or maybe Alice Bennett Yeah, who think that they're very amusing The only thing worse than that is cars who think that they're very very amusing You would like to say where the scratching their hands scratching their balls. Oh man is gonna just kill him But like I said man it's definitely some either way So thanks a lot, Lyle for that the big fat check. Lyle. Yeah, you know who Lyle probably is it just I just changed my mind Who? Duff But not writing on his own. See I can just see Greg standing over his shoulder at the computer Digating it Conjuring that image up in your mind Can you see it? Yeah, I can see it. Okay, but I think it's something about something to think about He wrote that other things which other one or what I said do fairies. How many Q I am hello? Why don't you put time in on the feeding tube you batter? Or tiny still I'm a shoot. I don't pull it out W to Q I am hello Bill answer You want to go one I The Lyle and higher Ireland like a city maybe like bell-fast whether they're all killing Just Ireland it's all I was put Ireland on it the British the Irish or I also not so violent part of I Okay, what was that? Southern Ireland yeah, South South Asia yeah I don't know they're kind of like pasty all of the hoses are green and they're live with a sound of music I lie here in Ireland of course is a lot of And yeah, and I was like There you go, it's not to like a tiny media reports the Pope is dead For this moment you know something we are it's just amazing we are on top of it this second this moment if it's just what up on a screen Wow, the Italian media says the Pope is mortal dead finito audio's Papa You're right On 560 Friday you If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD your prayers have been answered now through a special arrangement with the Vatican He's holding this his back and he's singing better than ever on the Pope sing He's a love me Hello, through myself my name is both gentle Yes, it's Pope John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get that He's turned around and started to play the organ new is a choir boy Ladies and organ music Play that organ music choir boy Play it on the book and play that organ music till I die Which might be so the Pope sings give you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope will Order of the Pope The Much better than the other stupid had he's the father and on the CD he's a boss You should be playing things Yeah Tom Sort of Baby, baby, baby, baby! Ha ha ha ha! Baby, baby, baby! Oh, she's the night! I, baby, don't! Better than cheaply! The whole scene is available now at a special introductory price. Get it, you saved yourself! $5! Ferry! That box box down! Oh! That box box down! You got to get her right back! The box down! I died on the last of your mess! The box down! You can't be the key to the dead! The box down! The box down! The box down! The box down! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! I, baby, baby! I, baby, baby! I, baby, baby! I, baby, baby! I, baby! Once in one, get thrown on the bed! Jesus, quicks up back! Jesus, my Jesus, where have we never shot the junkie? Once in one, get thrown on the bed! Jesus, I, get drunk! Stop, follow me! Stop, we've done! Don't give him the grass! Stop, follow me! Follow me! Stop! They left you! Suck her mouth! Stop, follow me! He's the glory of the earth! Stop, follow me! Stop, follow me! Don't follow me! Stop! Father's here! Father's here! Father's here! Oh, yeah! I, second to minus there! Now you don't have to go to the screen around here about the Vatican. The media says that the Pope are the attacking media, but CNN hasn't independently confirmed. We must wait for official words from the Vatican before we celebrate. Look at that, he's just mongled like an alarm clock. What do you say to somebody who worships a guy in a dress? You fairer than the guy in the wildest house bound. He likes a soap and ass and the world is bound to be bound. He's a superhero and a tough world, a tough world, a tough world, a tough world, a tough world, a tough world. This is the epiphany of the Islamic World, which is the ultimate world of the world. All of this folks is perfect for me, all of this is a really great course for you. You can smoke all over here. But near and evening and you're all my many times having a little bit of the Vatican? No. No. I don't call anywhere near there. I don't want to smell it. 67056. So let's see, we must wait for official words from the Vatican. But, and if you think the Terry Shival thing was wild, you ain't seen nothing yet. All week long, you're going to have the Pope coming out of every party or body when you want to or not. So I'd like, I'd put my TV in the bottom of the swimming pool. You're good idea. Okay. Yeah, for a couple of days. What you know what I'm saying is right. It is just unbearable. It is going to be just crazy. And now we got that whole thing going on. We're going to be sitting around. All the cartinals are going to be sitting around in some of the red socks. And he aches and, you know, we got to pick the new Pope and we got to like, you know, a little bit. And of course, out of the way, they said there's no politics involved. Right. That's all I did is. Right. And one day, the guy's just a cardinal and that very nice outfit would have red and a black and a whole deal. And the nice, the nice, my thomas. And then all of a sudden, Poof, you're a Pope. And now, now it's the Holy Father. Right. Now he's got that bad line to God. See before, when you're a cardinal, you don't have that red phone like that, man. Right. Yeah. But now he's got the bad line. And if Commissioner Gordon ever picks it up, he's really in big trouble because he's a Baptist. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and a Verizon and singular WIVAS lines. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Parknell. Yes, sir, speaking. Hey, now, did I hear this morning? I think it's a smack come in the head with a silver hammer. Got that? No. And they follow you? It could be spread over the bouncing balls. WDQAM, hello. Oh, go, me, oh, who are you? Such nasty things. You think it's a coincidence? I go back to like, kind of no life, Dave's been. But I remember hearing the British tender live. Anyway, I'm walking into glory in lives. I remember him live. What do you think? I don't think he's alive now. I remember him. I remember him. I think somebody pulled his shoe. I'm walking into Galshroom Park to Plunge, my ring. Do you think it's a coincidence? One day, a park, Harry, and a Pope? And what a jury followed. I'll kick you tomorrow. Oh, boy, got a drink. I was upset. It's right there. I'm right. I'm right. I had a good time, pal. Okay. One, two, three. Got a little bit of a gulf from you. It's not old enough to be going to the gulf's room, quite frankly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, any, Verizon, and singular, wireless line, ill, papa, one of the most stolen age. You know, somebody said to me the other day, well, this is one of the most beloved poops. I don't think so. I think Pope John was the one that was beloved. And the one that was more progressive and more like, huh? Well, that was poison. No, no. Oh, that was John Paul. Okay. Was it? I don't know. You were better know your public show. Was you sure it all? No, I know this one. What about the guy? Now, who was it to tell the Pope in Godfather 3? Oh, was it a good actor? I mean, it was it all. Don't tell me. Oh, my God, it's on the tip of my tongue. Do a little Googler. I'm Godfather 3, Josh, and see the cast who played whatever day. The Pope. He's the one that died, Mr. I had a cup of tea and, oh, I'm saying he died. I wrote bad stuff. Maybe there was sorbitality. And it was killing you, the only one who killed the Pope. Yeah. Pope John, the little subby fat one. He was the popular one. He had the Magnus Magna Coulain out of all that crap. How is it possible? Seriously, stop and think about it. People are so tremendously brainwashed and manipulated. What you're doing to your kids is criminal man. It's a sin. It's a sin. Subjection to all this crap. And then of course, objecting him to be molested on top of it. Just as a little extra bonus to extra charge. Now, he's an interesting thing that before he croaked the advantage to just probably have to say it. But that one of his clunky say it yesterday about the how terrible was about what they were doing to Terry Shival. And her debts he was carved, did that since he was murdered, and was murdered, and stuff like that. All of that stuff. I'm like, I said before, many of the mafia people, they got like to fold bear. We're going to hold things whole ceremony in the church because they came up with a big box. That's what it's all about. The big box. And when you got like 8,000 child molestation cases, you got to pay off the pass about these people, you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. And you got to have the big box. Because right now the Pope will make more money than ever. And don't forget the Pope's eye and flag. Garen Z. Give the biggest price on any volume. Use car. And join anywhere. And the Pope will charge you at least $100,000 more for it. Garen Z. The Pope's Carasey Use Carrex. Where is it? On the way right now. The Pope's Use Carrecythe. He just wants a big box. Like he said. A little bit of that. Reverend Money. Papa Money. Who doesn't? Now here's the fact. It says Pope John the 22nd was the most beloved. That's what I'm talking about. And he's got the John Pope John. Then Paul the six. Then John Paul the first. It was one I was poisoned. And then John Paul the two. It's one it just croaked. That's the most recent quote. That's all bunch of folks. All string of them. And of course throughout history. They've been some really interesting quotes. You know. But anyway, we don't want to confuse it with the fact. Because the media will go through this whole thing. And even though of course, it's so typical of the arrogance of the Catholic Church, the idea of the Pope always making speeches and telling America about what they ought to be doing about this and telling the rest of the world. But as if all of a sudden everybody is under his thumb. Well, I guess we're not anymore. But just a whole concept of that. And even a whole lot of Catholics, especially the ones in Italy, are giving them the oldest Italian salute, like, Get serious, get lost old man. And by the way, nice dress. Nice outfit. Here's Scamiles O'Brien. Act of gone flat. We do not have any independent verification of that. And the last year, what you're what you're looting to here is over the years, we have sort of been told of these things in a very formal symbolic way in many ways. I didn't like that. What's your name, Terry? She died at 905 yesterday morning just before the show. I remember I like when a Humper came on, I was giving them the thumbs up to heads up the heads down. And then the Pope dies right in the middle of the show. See that? Terry Bell, well, I hope you're listening, baby. Purple thinking, winky, zanfie, you're ass. 560560, pound five 60 lials going to be calling in just before the end of the show to finally come dry. I think especially with a Pope's passing live for go to confession right here on a year, don't you? That's a good one. Full confession, you know, come out of the closet, identify yourself, hold up your hand, be a real man, stop at all the anonymous BS, Maddie. I mean, come on. See, the reason I'm thinking it's him is because Sarner is at least supposedly a sales person. So you would assume that he's got to be doing like, maybe a few sales calls, something at least putting on, you know? I don't think he's got as much time, but Maddie, of course, he's, well, what is he going to do? He's got to run the entire building. Like I said, WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Is Australia on the poll? Not yet, but it is now. Australia. Here's a guy who wants to go down under. Good luck to you. WQAM, hello. I am wearing a, you an idea for the case, can I also, on full on full full. Yes, sir, go ahead. Oh, I'm starting. How you doing? Don't be sorry. Don't be sorry. Hey, I'm, what are the places I wanted to bring up before we stand page your life? No, but he's just down in the leaves. Okay, please. The leaves are down, but the page was okay. Okay, San Pedro, Pino. Some Pedro. And also, Mr. John Paul, that just, as the way the pontific is there. John Paul and two. Good book that I'll be reading, sir. Your listeners is, people to pay a horse, which the author was, 11 years last year on April this time frame for maybe, put too much information out here. Let me see. So that, and also the crucifixion of two. So enjoy on, join the book, and I have a good week. Okay, I'll pray for you. Thank you. Consolidating reports, I'm going to tell you a meeting about the Pope's condition. Oh, I'll see here. He's talking about his cerebral activity. But I'm looking at the part. All right, unless I don't like to hear. This is where it becomes very convenient to have a doctor on call and at the ready. It all times, Dr. Gophtag. So, and obviously the brain dead, well, what's news about that? Is that like a bulletin? I'm ceasing. That's right. Now, let's say it's exactly right on this. The EKG is actually monitoring your heart activity. Where is the EEG is monitoring the brain activity. Very, very different, obviously, not just in terms of the organs that they're measuring in terms of the activity. But also in terms of the significant. We don't want to hear nothing about the Pope's organ. Okay, that's the disrespectful 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And we're not going to have a great organ. Pound is a world of two or a pound, 5, 60, and a Verizon and singular wireless lines. WKOM, hello. Yes, sir. Back at you. WKOM, hello. Hi, I'm your notice. Draws like some minute. WKOM, hello. Yes, I'll read you. Okay. You know, you and I, so I see I die on a lot of things regarding the way this Pope is essentially, you know, students, though, I don't agree with anything in terms of the social or even his religious implications. But as a political leader, I got to give him this credit. You know, he did show up and poem the year after he was invested and he basically told that he'd come to help and he got to get out of your later. I'm really glad you're doing it. I mean, I think it was a cut to guy. I cut to the leader in that regard. Ballsy had a big pair. That's what he did. I mean, you got to cut in that time. That's most of the Pope's life. He did it. So that's Hitler, you know, so to Hitler. Right. I mean, those guys didn't say boo about that stuff and he had to get out of this cup. And he had no your loss in the Dayton land. He had a big pair of two and they just all laid down for him. That's what happens with the Pope. Yeah. But I mean, he did have the stones to show up and basically tell the comments to go to hell at that point. I give him props for that. Okay. I mean, I disagree. I'm trying to go with props for pops. Okay. Later. Thank you. props for pop. Let's have some props. What if there's any expression, man? It just really just rubs my ass the wrong way. That's it. Prop props. Oh, God. Please. Please. Oh, good guy. But just, you know, he just kind of like him. I, less armpits start twitching when I hear that. But I have a base. No storm here tonight. Mike to leave my flight tomorrow. Yeah, I like double digits. It's pretty nice now. Like in the 50s and it's going to be like Sunday in the 50s and maybe a Monday and Tuesday. But my luck, you know, the one day I'm maybe flying a little bit. I'll just slap my arms a little bit faster. That's all. Okay. 560 pound, 560 in the Verizon signal. Where does time we got? Mohawk. We did it. Did it too. Come on along. Jim and I did it for from a published in David. I think we got to Marlins on deck. Marlins at the Metz in 14, Lucy at 710, 80 K tonight. Did look at those nighttime numbers because quite frankly. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Hey, man. What do you think about it? Yeah, sure we did. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Neil God. Yes, speaking. I was calling to say that folks not dead. They hit him with five shots, but he still alive. So you're going to hear him. Okay. I wasn't going to call before and ask if we'll be out in a pro. Be the play a little mad dog. All right. But I guess a little premature. Well, he's working on it. Okay. Thanks, Robert. We don't want any other people from down there. I don't blame you. I don't want to take to have a good attitude. I'm back here. Just a joke. Just a relaxed. So if you just stay calm, cool collected. A lot of food coming in for your next week, Josh. Conflicting reports, among the attending meeting. And of course, this is what makes it all the more makes the cheese more binding. As they say. And I like, oh, it's like a big mystery. Is he dead? Is he alive? Is he, you know, right? Oh, even in one of these losers for. He's still sticking that angel hair pasta in that tube. And there's no, you know, that's that's the thing. And of course, if he's seeing here, wouldn't this be something if it turns out that the one we put that he's brain dead? Right. Because that takes us right back to Terry again for her. Oh, my God. You see the way the word, the Lord works. Wow. Brain dead. He could qualify for management a QAM. Maddie. I can't wait to see that little weasel man. I'm going to do. I'm going to go around building and see. Can't. Because he won't show his face. Sure. I'll bring it up a little and I he won't cover it over and settle your life. Oh, God, what a thought. Man. Because I remember once he like saw me in a parking lot and he came very nervous. He came over like, you know, and and like, like, you know, he, I know that he hates me or I, which way it was. I'm not really sure what it was, you know. And like a very strange like, and I thought to myself, what kind of a comfort that we got, you know, what I don't know about. And that's because just like he we talked behind my back. And of course, I don't know why you keep seeing this and hate you because the fact that he was in that position meeting, I mean, if you don't understand it, why not open the idea. See, what do you, what? See, because he told me to my face that he likes me. So what does that mean? Why would he lie? Get out of here. Why would he lie? How much of Greg told you to your face, he liked your movie. Is that? He never has. Why would he lie? Oh, he said he liked me personally, Greg. Yeah. Why would he lie? Why would somebody like that lie, okay? Because he has nothing to do with the game. Why would he lie? Greg. I don't know. Think about it. Okay, listen, I'm trying to tell you right now the one who calls the meeting, that's the traitor right there. Okay. When I have a meeting and they call you in twice the middle of the show and you thank you to give an inquisition of the song of the dance to try to find the excuse to fire a little ass. Don't give me a song to ask about how he likes you, okay? Because he told it to your face, are you really that naive? I know you're better than that. You're not that naive. You're not that naive. You're a big part. What makes you think he called the meeting? What was he doing in the meeting? What was he in there for? That's always the one that went and running and running really about eating that we can't see on here anymore because the right lottery on the right. That's a brownie point. You know a lot of brownie, a brownie, a pound man. Not brownie points, brownie, a pound. Now you got Maddie Bell. Don't you remember that little incident? Who was it? He was chasing around the building with a skirt on. Who was that? You're talking about. One fifty two at five, sixty double income. The Pope is either dead or just a very close. And all the panning who you believe. Maybe they got to read Cory R. Delaceta. Delaceta. So it's just so nice to know where they say that. And then they give you the kind of thing like that. Hey all your horse racing fans and poker players. Pompano Park racing and poker as the gambling action that you're long and four. Okay, they just have mouth both from on 95 of the turn. Pompano Park features free admission, free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room is going on every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight tomorrow. Poker starts at noon, midnight live racing gets in the way nightly at 725 in a p.m. This Saturday April 2, that's tomorrow. It's $10 for $20.00 night at the Pompano Park. For just 10 bucks cash, you get $20 in Pompano Park money to buy any food of every items on the second third or four floors. Who find books are sold at both of Tom House and Grandstand entrances from 6 to 9 p.m. That's 10 for $20 night tomorrow. Saturday April 2 and coming up on Monday April 4th at Pompano Park. It's the next free spaghetti tonight. That's one of the highlights of the year. Pompano Park, the first Monday of every month is free spaghetti dinner night and of course I think I'm going to do is buy a program and give it a cool money. Go up on a 440 get a free spaghetti dinner. Be sure and bring your own teeth. Pompano Park, a block shot of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road, called 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 for the current racing schedule or go on the wicked web at www.pompanopark.com. Don't forget post time tonight 725 at Pompano Park. You're listening to me, so the new Rogers exclusive rate of 560 in the end. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The Rogers Guide. The New District. The Sector. The Sector. We're singing and buying by the American Idol. It's best to end the video on a go-mama style. Random ball of time and go away for a while. I would see where all kids and friends. You're fair with it. And that is huge, Ryan C.C. You're fair with it. Bye. I had a good day. Okay, so anyway, here's the video. When there's drama, look at that for it tonight. That's not good. I might have to stick around. So they'd allow coming to many coming in the festival. In a more fast? What was that? Bindless, jellyfish car. That is just, can you imagine that? Tidy behind the eminently, eminently of a phony name. I'm doing it in Florida. We're in the world, but you most want to live. It was our pull question. 869 vote. The biggest 99. Yeah, you'll be surprised. New York 92. Costa Rica 85. Vancouver 75. I'm still down 70. Lake Tau 48. Gonna be very busy out there, Josh. Rome 48. San Francisco 44. Havana 43. San Diego 38. Toronto 36. Paris 33. Los Angeles. That's got a third man. Chicago 20. E.B. The 20. Colone Germany 15. Hawaii 11. Berlin 9. La Reputlique de Minicana is tied with Israel 8. San Difference. New Zealand 7. Pinnon Edent Tobago 6. Prague 6. Sacramento 4. Copenhagen 3. Budapest 3. Ireland 2. Canary Islands etc. Only one for our two for Florence. K-1 New Peter Man. Mo coming over next to the mad dog. And for this afternoon. Bye bye.