Can't get there. I may have a much more upscale clientele on code. Yeah, it was a guest at next to me last night for a while from a two long If this guy didn't have a load in his pants. I swear to God. It smell I just I don't know what was going on I just thought I was gonna soon. You know first you think somebody's like passing some gas okay? It happens to the worst of us But it didn't go away. It didn't subside. It was just it was part of him it was whatever By the way, lucky gets the last week credits he gets up to walk away. It's debutting in spin Geez not 125 bucks. He's just back for another five minutes I really thought I was gonna fall off the chair on the floor They were sure half of this email. I'll tell you that oh nice to there. Oh, man It was so nice to meet her practically shine on my shoes. Maybe that's why you won Well, did you ever have you ever thought about that? It's crossed my mind Yeah Cross my okay what anybody says man. They got a computer room making like punch up in the number of any My sheen and they can dittle with it I don't care what anybody says. I believe that I believe that then and I believe that now now I'm calling on said next week there's gonna be legislation passed that Finally put the machines in and brow don't get too carried away now That's what they're saying they're gonna discuss it and I'm on a do anything precipitated and I'm told that 55% number will not have So and we damn well better get the biggest style slots are else signing more talking about right I See the picture of the beast here in at the New York Post FedEx dual-highest The beast did you didn't see that? I haven't seen in the art post shit Oh, if that isn't him. Well, how come they give this to me and they haven't given it to you? Wait until you see the art post let me look FedEx dual-highest is the headlines Got a picture it says ice cap A two-arm dual-teas are kept in a fifth-evil building security camera yesterday And if the person there with the shades on and the base of baseball cap if that pork reautal Like somebody we both know it's a beast it is the beast what's that from? Yes, you're a favorite. It's a mess from yesterday. That's why I can't find it. Oh, I mean let me That's him it is him the noted jolt. I wonder if a carry grant will play him in the movie probably North by North fat to catch a thief So I have this very jackass comment. I don't forget tomorrow's Friday So if we want to find out what's going out with most negotiations or anything else in the business We'll have to read buried tomorrow because you know Greg doesn't tell anybody a rest easy He's back to that old game again. Yeah, very He programs the radio station in Barry's column again Barry with his seven cities interested in the marlins Yeah, the seven sisters. Yeah, Portland, Oregon. Yeah, East Ruffford, New Jersey. Oh, God right at the middle I've been talking to people about this and I'm told that the only concrete Deal would be the one in northern New Jersey, which cannot happen because George Steinbrenner does not want another baseball team in the metropolitan area Well, George is a lot of Nick and a half that's correct. Just like Hamilton wants an actual hockey Barry never bothers to take it the step further that he needs to to get the real story Yeah, but I do like the last parts in here where your area was ripping your buddy in an ass It's it's great. Yeah. I don't want to say David Samson well, let's see it. Now it's not after 10 o'clock yet So I've been on safe Every holis says David is a very very difficult person to deal with. He's very sensitive when we argue he pouts He's pouting right now. It's gonna be difficult to deal with David while he's pouting. I just love that That's so perfect I guess what David will pack his salami sandwich okay. Don't let the door head you dance in a way out I'm also told that the baseball does not want last Vegas Yeah, they don't want to be building a stadium anywhere close up Let's see you know wouldn't support baseball. There's an achievement sense the same as here But you would have the same excuse as over as time You know it's a transit it's a transit town. It's a tourist town and I don't know The other person Baseball by the way, but Diane I mean they don't they don't draw flies So what are we talking about speed enough to run flies? It would be one hell of a crump for that Caps Panthers game tonight. Wow that ought to be something going get your own section And I'm here and I'm reading that the old man. There was a scaling column in yesterday's Toronto son about the Panthers and Alan Cohen in the organization In fact that there's someone tickets for a lowest 75 cents and they still can't put anybody in the stand and how they lie about the attendance I was said 11,000 for leave-s game money night. There was maybe less than half of that which I'm told is true Just ripping them in an ass And about Jacques Martan and the fact that he's the only coach and leave that hasn't caught out of the new or rules now And he's still playing the dump in chase style, which isn't going to get the job done. Hey, Jack I forget about it because if even BM can win big and out of what is that tell you? Yeah, he's doing all right Yeah, they're doing great because he's got a great team you could coach him even there You would know that a puck from a bay lane lenders vehicle and you can coach the assembler's that is correct Yeah, I don't know about the coaching part. Yeah, what I do know is between the puck and the lenders But maybe a little noven creams might be overstated Oh, I didn't go for ice cream yesterday. Go ahead. Thank you. I was very good. Yeah. I didn't go gamble really I did Where did I go yesterday I forgot oh yeah, I went and Actually I was I was a good guy yesterday You know, we're gonna make up for that today. Yeah, oh, it's the first of the month. It's 38 December once And that means so you better make up for a Calder it 12 25 and aqueduct wood buying through a bread spirit grounds. Hollywood park Oh, man metal lans. Oh, that's harnessing a wood buying Yeah, there's enough going on starting at 12 25 you could lose probably 40 million by midnight To play the cards wrong Okay, so how many cities actually are interested in the marlins? I've heard north Jersey and that's it what about Puerto Rico says here Puerto Rico nobody's going to Puerto Rico. Oh, they went to 1,000 seats stadium there Well, that sounds like enough Yeah They could they could put on playing homestead that's we ever the deal I was supposed to have and how many years ago was that? There was gonna be the smaller stadium with a 30,000 Capacity in Miami. What was that we've had so many of these oh yeah That was I guess the only John Henry there's was that I'm not sure it had been so much Yeah, but I know this that the The hezing of people are making an effort to try and accommodate them by by giving him land and I heard this one okay, that they offered him 15 acres and a significant amount of cash no strings It attached and they were rejected really. Yep. Why's that? Yeah, I don't know the answer to why who were the two brothers that owned that Lake Lewis sirland members years ago? Yeah The Morton brothers. Very good man. Oh man. I'm more than brothers Yeah, that's probably because you ate that Morton pot pie the Morton spaghetti But the Morton brothers email and Whatever's in with email and I've ridds though those are the cats and jammer and they had the all that land out there That's they wanted to build a baseball stadium and a football stadium on land. Yep When we got the football stadium they donated the land to rob you. I've got that land for nothing. It's right And they had that whole thing for the Olympic stadium remember that and all the plans with the track and all the other Craft they have drawn up and never materialized That's most other things in Florida materialized And that's because Florida's not a baseball town. It's not a hockey town study Anything town. So Bush league town. That's a state of the annual said that many years ago. I said that I said that before you did though. I'm not sure. Oh here in tea And now that would be like saying silver zudos that holy cow Oh my first man. I came out of that. Harry Kerry was doing holy cow in 45 and a scooter couldn't even do it right only cow not only cow. It's holy cow You idiot you civil the new quizzling fill you fair. Oh, I have core make the coffee my first suspension came out of that I don't know what calling us that bush league town and it was back in the year So you just spend it for that. Yep, Phil Vines You can't talk that way about this city. I want a jackass. I know he was a jerk I was when the University of Miami drew 30,000 for Penn State at the right I remember that and I went on the air and I said this is a bush town And he said you got to stop calling us face a bush town. So how long you get suspended for? I don't remember. I mean I've had so many sins. You know, that's like asking woes So I'm how much time he did. I mean That's like asking great how many lies he told us here. Wow I'm that note. Yes I hope you have a wonderful day. I absolutely will you've inspired me lots of racing today. Good. Well You pick up where I left maybe I could Good my she-man and really a great experience except for the guy that I like good dump in his pants But other than that it was fantastic. Yeah, there's no bad orders at call there. Oh I'm gonna tell you seriously. I could write a book not it forget about the gambling part Just about the people at Woodby. I could I could write a very large in cyclopeding book on it Oh god So the slippers on the bus It's like when you go to Rome or Wait, but watch out for those slippers on the bus the the gypsies and the getskies I've got the ones that go to a Linux city every day. What you also think that's what woodmine is like because those people How do they get through they come on the bus they come from New York and Philly and they come on the bus Oh Any place where people can get there on a bus state or a way of what it like a plague like it's got bubonic plague Okay I don't see I don't see you know the medicine and he's another than the marvelous and he's to run the foot. I don't see that No, I'm not gonna be able to double. He's having tremendous following your knees to run the footage probably grow what about 30 Again, you know what there's another consideration too The owners have to vote for these guys to be able to move anywhere right and they ate that popular You mean David Sinston? I'm telling you that the marlins ownership It's not all that popular What is that? It's already in my time you could say it? No better not though. Okay, since you already lost track of all the other suspense And I had no more right now not be for Christmas. Okay. Well don't not be for chinooka Don't lose too much today. I save a little for the weekend Okay, we can come in. I know I know I'm gonna I'm gonna budge it. I don't know what you had but I know I might Mohawk experience I'm gonna have to let you know on Monday how that turned out. Okay. Well. I wish you well. I And I needed okay. I'll we've a dirt. Thank you He plans your mining heater releasing a limited supply of previously health seats for sale of the general public Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections ticket to one sale Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m And start as low as $10 These seats are in limited supply and we'll go fast call 1-800-4 and be a ticks check out ticket master.com or any ticket master location He fans mark your calendars for Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m. This is the day individual game tickets go on sale for all of you home games This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad with Jack Oh, he's a little guy kind of funny look I'm just gonna play that all day today that we get a 90 sure do what you can do it. It's 10.08 boys and girls Boy, it's your seems like Friday to me if I don't you up tomorrow come out here when you like come in there It's cuz I think it's Saturday. What over that? Well, it seems then they seem like Friday today I just wish it was Friday and it has kind of a Friday field of it for me. It's Thursday December 1 December 1 all December. Wow It is just smoking all you almost think we got holidays coming up pretty soon some more of them Although you would know from our program vlog. I'll tell you that I'll tell you guys back in salesman You guys are doing it. I don't know what you're doing, but you're doing it a lot 1860 and both on yesterday's pool who's done more for the black community. That was our poll question Martin Luther King's 609 Abelink in 400 rows of parks 155 rows of parks Slipy white 1111. I like old slipy white and you do tune you didn't realize it that's right See that now we're eating already this could be how he's built. Yeah It is VLT a BLT hogey. No less. Oh, VLT hogey. It's a really good domain You got me on go what about that bacon's fire order extra bacon sounds really oh extra bacon sounds really Trif. Nipsy Russell 103 Shack 94 is done more for the black community. We don't know what it is yet, but when he does it, it's gonna be spectacular Lyndon Johnson 82 Nelson Mandel 52 Third good Marshall 35 any Rochester Anderson from the old Jack Benny show for all you 90 year olds 35 My Hamid Ali 34 Jackie Robinson 31 he made a heavily Talkful on us coffee, but no, he did he did some see I guess that goes to show it that people don't think that Sports is important like his other things like human rights right I mean he broke the cover Very invasive one. I was wonderful and he took a lot of crap for it, but nevertheless only 31 votes So lament they 21 oh George Washington, Carver 26 little Richard 25. She was something else little 2D fruity but nonetheless Remember what is this? Caracan what is it was drug is that led him to homosexuality? Well, it was but he found the Lord It's not the way it always happens. He thought he said oh god, that's good Lewis for our con 13 semi-davis junior 12 Shirley chism 11 Same person by the way semi-davis and Shirley chism same person Charles Rangel 10 Jesse Jackson 10 the Ojama provocateur the exploited the great Whatever don't tell me he's here again I'm world AIDS day. There's your present again. Oh please God, I'll maybe I had that bacon It's starting to back up on me now Arthur as 9 Jesse Owenzade and Alex Haley of Ruth's fame Who I interviewed on K. 800 years ago Alex Haley had solimentate trace only three votes for poor Alex He'd be so embarrassed What about the verna what was it got kidney that played in groups leave on? Oh come on which one which case the one that played the star and then he was the star roots in the movie young young cool taken to yeah The the barburton Lebarburton say I told you leave on Elton John did the song about him leave on okay, here's the poll of the second poll We got polls all over the placement if you have a chance to look online at the Wednesday November 30th New York Post FedEx jewel heist there's the beast caught on camera See we thought he had rich parents come to find out he's just a jewel fee. Factor all that if that isn't him And I'm for I didn't even see now you I forgot to talk to Hank about the tool conflicting articles in the Suncental in the World two diametrically opposed articles about the orange bowl which will eventually get to that's that is so typical The Suncental says always a good chance to get a tear down a building who stand in the Harold says there's no chance So you believe where we want 563 votes despite their denials everyone Loves the fart 130 now we had a facts from a lady here she was upset by the talk to chicken thing because she said See I thought it would you give us a little little little little relicence and assume that that would be for everybody Know what they got but no, so we had to put tickle a taco under anyway Loves the fart 130 what I got next to me last night me I don't know if he was farting like nonstop or he really had the old load in the Trial I don't know but it was just nauseating maybe he was sport in a bag. Oh, you know something That's a possibility. Oh my god. What a sport. Oh Man Chokes the chicken one 14 has sexual fantasy 79 Picks their nose 57 lies 56 as in Q 56 lies lies is us. It says that we're in the front of our building lies be us Enjoy's poor no 40 listen to the aridious 35 you know they lie about it. Oh no, we would listen to him Teach on their taxes 16 each their Vogue is 11 George was grossed out by that and he was chewing As he said it loves garbage TV 9 like Jerry Springer for example All the rest will the reality shows they love it tickles the taco 7 Fixed their butt six and uses body wash three. I think depicted but thing see I Was coming back in the cab last night from woodbind. I'm thinking of myself I was trying to visualize queen Elizabeth ticking her butt, you know, right? Which I'm sure she I don't want to get to graphic with it You know if you're right up in there you got to do something. Yeah Pick a winner queen 10 14 what's that schedule look like today? It looked like hell to me. We got the moa 2. He's an absolutely rock So far near but then at four o'clock no more mad dog today because he's a one of his 80,000 vacation days So we got oh boy 2 and a half hours of that makes you almost wish for the a panther pig with 630 the Washington Caps with Alexander or Vetskin at the panther seven o'clock tonight. Hey guess what Jack Martin everybody's ripping you when As soon as he's ever released so catch out on the new style of the game, okay? Get to some of you give you a little Primera a rumor and a primer on the new rules you idiot any can to the hockey game Then go on there to the arena because somebody needs to It's just gonna be there for the festivities before the game. I will and then we'll be right away. That's right Armstrong Ford won the area's fastest growing automotive dealership six business development associates To maintain contact with existing customers by incoming an outgoing phone email and mail in order to develop and Increase customer oily after considered after customer service until marketing experience computer and data entry skills A plus applicants must be bilingual able to work flexible hours Armstrong Ford offers an outstanding Compensation package which includes hourly wage plus bonuses and benefits. You must be ready to start work today as in right now Contact the subito contact Roger Aguelo at 786 295 7887 that's 786 295 7887 Armstrong Ford is a drug free workplace and equal opportunity employer call 786 295 78 87 This is meal Rogers This is 5 16 And Oh The violence who the hell are the farlets satisfied President anything We will have to call it just this mind Every and by hand Choice pushes when you're not a clown It's fun, they're again You can find a brown You'll take the questions from taking me Just to try out the wire She wants to be conscious this mind Every and by hand Every and by hand She's qualified as good to be she's a trainer She's qualified as good to be she's a trainer She's qualified as good to be she's a trainer She won't get the job And then you'll be just this mind Every and by hand She's pushing the drugs On addiction It's about 10 or 12 years Let's start this If my one you know That was a nice dealosefollowing a pool, yeah, I give the pool for today, and here's the one for tomorrow. Man, let's give the one for a week from next morning, how do you like that? All right. Well, no, I got to do this because I don't have much on here yet. And if we're going to put this on it this evening and give people a head start, this is the QM Head Start program, even your fan ask governor will be very proud of this. What movie had the most unacceptable ending again inspired by the ending of Monsters Ball, which this audience didn't care about the ending because by that point, you were all passed out on the floor after watching the two Halle Berry sections so they didn't really care about driving or they just thought it was fine. Well, they could have said that, right? But I don't think they even thought about it. See, people I think people are setting the ending of any movie. Most people have been disappointed, but right, I agree. Most people don't, it ain't that important to them. Right. To me, if we're going to invest in now and have two, two and a half hours to watch your flick, no matter how enjoyable it may be, or how much new to the, or whatever else is going on in there, there has to be a punch line. There has to be an enjoyable climax, if I can say that, absolutely. Anyway, all I got on here so far is Magnolia, which you hate the ending and I think you're a little overdone. Monsters Ball, which he ended me was unsatisfactory, even though you liked it, because you were willing to suspend, no belief. No, they said, close it. He said it. We're going to be just fine. No, can. And that was it. He said, all we're fine. He's a prime time in America, which you mentioned yesterday. Right. The business about was an opium drug trip, that's a whole movie. Which if that was the case, I mean, why do we just waste five and a half hours of our time? That's a double radio, that movie used to mean. Of course, you know, those in the garbage truck, and I saw those zits popping out of the back in the garbage truck, as was grinding up all the garbage, and you figured he's in there. Which he was. Good place for him too. Yeah, it's an excellent place for him. When you told me, James was with Jewish, that's enough to make me get my four-skin back. Did he still got it around? Yeah, I got it wrong. QAM, hello. I keep it on. QAM. Yes, sir. violent people in他的 movie everates. Cheaters grow up. Right. They have trouble with that. Okay, you want to put that on there? Yeah, qualifies I love that movie. I've seen it a hundred times, but yeah, the ending was unacceptable And I don't remember that well if you if you did you'd remember it was just I got I want you to go watch it again. Let me go watch it now and then when I'm talking back and look at a very big battle Then the cops just show up and busted all up bust up the production and and they bust it up and there already even any credits Remember the credits are at the beginning of that movie right kind of like my mental Right, I would be say how about that? We had to put that on there too the ending is unacceptable because it goes ask for that go backwards We could but I got one that's gonna win possibly okay at least the funny one never saw it well The Blair witch project. Oh the practical joke on the audience project Yeah, but there were a lot of sues that came in rain reviews and said Susan right now, like this I'm gonna say one of those filming and Pete them With a stick. Yeah, it's gonna change the future alright. Make people not want to make movies or see them anymore Come any QA in hello Cisco and Evert yes, I have one for the poll Really? I've ever seen the American version of the vanishing now. Yes Was that that was the movie that was the French movie or the Dutch movie whatever Right the other version is great. It's got a great tragic ending the American version They got it safe to be in with my girlfriend instead They changed the landing American audience can't handle that kind of it any I'll put divanishing American version horrible it is you're right I said it with the movie The I've seen in both the name Browns is like a lot of other things in the murder. Okay. Thanks, Pally Okay, the vanishing anywhere that vanishing cream This is a me we're working on tomorrow's poll already we uh, this is good I don't even have to set anything yet give me a little bit of homework baby give this audience some homework man And they grab onto it in these squeezes they could practically strangle it It's great This is what they this is what they want to sink their teeth into it took me almost 30 years to finger it out This is what they want this is their bread and butter and I'm saying they do such a fabulous job on it Absolutely, WQAM hello Anyway, yes, sir. How are you? Great that one for the poll. Okay, $1 million baby Never seen it. Oh, you're lucky Don't spend two hours rooting for a rocky type there would only to watch your die Oh, she dies in the end well, and that we don't have to waste our time. Thanks, Pally. Yeah, don't feel bad about ruining the ending of a movie like pie Which George got all better shaped don't go see pie? I mean don't buy it ran it whatever because the guy puts the drill in the side of his bald head and the end of the movie And that's it Right it's a real drill I think what's his name John Luke girl was in that was name what I think was your birthday with the last rabbi 5 6 7 0 5 6. He played the old getch key I just I'm just not into getch keys. Okay. I just are not are the enchinders list out there a bunch of old Jews There are a bunch of everything. I mean old rabbis with the past and Big hats look at the similar it's mostly him, but then there's a there's a family that they kind of focus on The earth shiver and this tour just or there's a young girl and the But most of it actually like that there's a high young chick who's making the movie that way like that no and then there's a Reef find plays almond get the the Nazi concentration camp comment on I'll take your age for I'm gonna go on get it to my QAM hello I Yes, sir Do's Eddie from candle. I don't know if you were seeing this movie the fireman was Charlie sheen It's a very rare movie, but it's excellent It's well also a family get scared type movie. Yeah. Yeah. Oh It's great. It's under a couple of names do the back day on the block or the fire Fantastic movie he tell rise to this family and he's supposed to be a hero Or a fantastic movie. Look at his they'd theorized their family. I think most families deserve it. Okay. Thanks It's got nothing to do with what we're talking about, but thank you so much Well, he just wants to you know turn this on or something really good as opposed to all this crap for the bad endings I Don't like movies that have unacceptable endings. It's just You so many times What would Bonnie Darko there was another one? I'm gonna put that on there too. That was a pretty good movie Did you see it nope Donnie Darko it was fine, but the ending. It's what it's on my list of things to see Yeah, the ending is just unacceptable thanks for the war It's just crap is what it is It's like I got it's just down to about a 500 page book and a book is really interesting And but he just he never can figure out how to bring it to a conclusion You know saying just writing and writing turns into a 700 page book a thousand it just it just goes on and on because there's just Like once upon a time in America it's supposed to start with the end of the world Great movie Would you agree it's a tremendous? It's okay Get outta here. You off your rocker. No, it would be a good movie if it didn't because he was there That's a double whammy that you have to spend that long for that crappy of an ending You know, so some editing and some closure would have been nice and then it would be a great movie Now, what was it that he decided that he instead of taking a sexual encounter with little girl was it the chocolate ruse What was that? Whether it noodles I saw that movie 20 year ago. I have loom was he noodles? No, he wasn't new 20 years old Nudos was Robert to near or wasn't he? You know my favorite part of the movies when they were all young little kids and like that's what I'm talking about Exactly And then going for the sexual encounter with that young girl here, right? Don't you remember I did he was supposed to bring her the you have past me whatever that he had a pastry chocolate If you want to Google it was not a luscious Google I wish that it was though why should I bless some of that? It's all carbs Hmm I Can go go you never had luscious Google huh? Sure have remember when the deli used to bring us food. Oh boy's that could stuff with raisins and has to have raisins at all Man No wonder Jews are so fat and mostly dead Flood well Jews have other raisins to be dead 27 past 10 at 5 60 we had some problems over the years a rich room filling sound from your iPod It's the power of the both sound that digital music system that brings the music on your iPod life Even charges your iPod while it plays sound envision says you are bound to love what you hear And that's because only for primary both technology lets you get the most from the music on your iPod The system is friendly with iPod iPod mini iPod nano and iPod with video It's like a parent's sound is so advanced with your iPod almost any room they core easy to use even comes to a remote that controls the sound Doc system and basic function of your iPod from across the room So let the room falling sound of the most sound Dr. Digital music system delivery new iPod experience and sir iPod stick that baby in there and hear what happens it'll make her great holiday gift idea to experience the sound that Doc today at Apple Best by circuit city copy was say sharper image target or nothing could be needed than they heard at tweeter This is a new space by 16 I was sent to my witness my children and I spoil as you can see the top when they should listen Do you do I am a favorite loser to fish or I am a favorite loser to fish What is for those two both Blue Glory is a cowardly proof Captain is a queen of proof No boss a quince at all Let them choke up a lot both My aminated loser to fish What My aminated loser to fish What My the father told you in what in your over the bell of the swamp And imagine where they went from They played about as good as the song My aminated loser to fish What What My aminated loser to fish What My aminated loser to fish What My aminated loser to fish I am a loser to fish Ten thirty two a QA and let's all go on and sit on the corner somewhere on a curb and cry I am a loser to Probably something I don't know You don't want to be in a town that loses major league baseball A very famous ball headed Jewish philosopher once said that on this day What What's the line in this story about major league See having a baseball team doesn't make a place in major league town I hate to break it we have like 15 major league baseball teams And it would still be the same old bush league town And it's always been always will be okay David Sandson and Delilah 655 votes despite their denials Everyone loves to fart 147 But keep it down a little bit Keep it down down by your your cuffs Well we got to bring back cuffs Maybe cuffs were like fart catchers Okay, if it's what the problem is today We got so many smelly people let's bring back cuffs on pants Chokes the chicken one thirty two and then the Elizabeth of the door course has sexual fantasies 96 lies 67 Text there no is 67 There was the queen of that now that's the only good thing I can say about bug Collins The was it bug Collins who said it or was it the I think it was the queen was it said Wimbledon At this tennis tournament at Wimbledon many many years ago in bug Collins the tennis guy to ball-headed jerk who all he knows about his tennis Nope, and he was doing the commentary and they showed the queen and she had her little pinky She was picking those with her and he said great forehand Yeah, safety though with great forehand It was you had to be there I guess why 67 5067 if it's good enough for the queen It's good enough for everybody else enjoy as portal 47 This is the the Rogers show 39 but they never admit it in public Cheats on their taxes 16 each their boogers 15 grow test but tasty at times Articles the taco nine loves garbage TV nine picks their buddy and uses body wash three Well, now we know that not everybody does in fact I think back to the poll. We did almost have it a woman. I still use himself give me a break ladies But that's right She's that's sad Despite their denials everyone knows that W stole the 2000 election That's not bad, right hates having to work for a living now. That's not everybody does it in their they admit it Why everyone hey, yeah, we want to know that we all I want to win the the lotto here is 25 million Saturday So if I want it good luck to Fears death yeah, we can put that on right so good one fears death Some of us are married Yeah, but we're talking about your own right no Know is that it stole the 2000 election. Now that's good. You're gonna put that under John. Yeah, we can put on knows W stole the The 54 or two if you want whatever you want for them Seven cities like the Marlins is very jackass stadium talks between the Marlins and Dave County remains Stald but a handful of metro areas have acquired about becoming the teams next time Well, pack your sandwich David and Jeffrey okay They're having a fire sale Carlos Delgado says they got out of there just in time they have it a fire sale down there although he's no big prize but nevertheless And we've been through this over and over that these are the two words that I've been telling you from the 30 years God for sake in place that epitomize what South Florida's all about neurotic repetition the same old same old over it over it over again And it's just never stopped who been through this is a Zillion times rich billionaire owners threatening the public if you don't build me a stadium I'm gonna do this and if you don't do that and if you want don't treat me right and if you don't the yati audio audio You know it's a bunch of crap. I'm gonna tell you something right now when you go out your ass This groward county would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility. Yes. I will not play here and liar Because I will not hire you guys look at me for the next 10 I want to see what I'm doing when I'm doing this is that would be a good idea to go. I'm looking at wingerbitty for 10 use you way about four pounds at the end of ready Make her and cover look like mama cast Jesus God all might as same old and the thing with Steinbred or does it want a team in Jersey and this one does it want I get this get lost take all your balls and go home Okay, take your falafel balls and go home So tired of it It's threatening as this is the important stuff. You know we got 80's Indian dead people over there in Iraq We got in there and into a big pickle that we don't know that into a quiet Meyer that we haven't got any idea how to get out of because we placed on a bunch of lies in a bunch of neocon history And it is like Julie women are talking about oh we have to leave the troops in there because it's good for Israel I guess why Joe leave them in taxa hoist baby, okay Man, mix me ill Anyway, Simon as Samson, whatever his name was, Delilah and Samson when disclosed to seven cities But officials from Portland, Oregon, he's breath of her new jersey and publicly confirm contacting the marlins Mayor Oscar goodman of Vegas says he hasn't heard from the marlins recently But Vegas is supposed to be on the list of the lover half in there no chance Also Puerto Rico and like Hank said nobody's going to Puerto Rico even George don't want to go there. What do I want to go there? Uh, it's got Puerto Ricans. That's right. Too many Puerto Ricans there Uh, let's see Samson intends to visit the cities that are deemed realistic options. He said he doesn't know if owner Jeffrey Luri will accompany him Oh, the only idea being discussed to keep the marlins in South Florida involves building a stadium on Wayne, Hisinga owned land adjacent often stadium Samson said time there is a we is realistic, but also termed it a long shot The marlins and Hisinga holdings have agreed to a price for land according to Samson, but the marlins and date county have an Intermediate cover construction cost Samson said last week that the funding gap is at least 80 million But actually no problem have to regret it check Have to be pleased pay that when the two painted a RTV bill We have to figure out where we are and once and for all make it a season Samson said it would be proposal Well, you think about it for about half an hour David now and let me just give you this My message okay for me Who cares last week the marlins and I'll say ended the discussion with the city of Miami about building a new state The original and a radio interview a city manager Joe area or express skepticism about the marlins heard from new city To put people at ease I even talked to Mayor Goodman of Vegas. They haven't even heard from them area All of a said it's another tactic David plays the role very poorly David plays the role very poorly Meaning the role of a human being I guess we spotted Samson. It's not my concern about how may a city manager view is the way we run our business There are seven cities that work in hard to get me to leave baseball not including South Florida There are seven elected officials who realize what being a major league city means and let me say it again being a major league See this may have some scuba as balls. They are teens. Okay. That's how it makes a town big league Did a real all why it is it? No, every role also to speak to the marlins contenting that they are for 12 million dollars To the year and 85 million dollar project and blame Sansan for the wheel on materializing David is a very very difficult person to deal with their real The city is very sensitive when we argue he pouts he's pouting right now. It's gonna be very difficult to do a deal while David is pouting hey David You're fairy responded Samson. It's disturbing as a resident of the South Florida that decisions are being made that may not necessarily reflective his eyes It's constituents and it's disheartening that Mr. Area all are continues and vain to try to get you every lawyer to sell the team to an owner that is somehow connected to him Well, I guess what I hate to break the news today, but it does be quite the wishes of the people every poor has been taken in a son settle and the Harold On the truck for us from up to a deposit all over town Air be pool the public will not pay one dime of tax money to build you guys a stadium. How do you like that? So this business of all well, those were what they all that's what the people want. There's sick and tired of it They're nauseated. I want to puke from it. It's been all that money to build that brown the yenthus center there Which I guess is fine for concerts. So I think we're conscious in there, right? Yep Nobody cares about the Florida Panthers. Okay. Nobody cares about hockey in South Florida We got that game with a Washington crappettles tonight with the Alexander O'Vetchkin one of the two sensational workies in league. Well anybody be there No, and who can blame anybody when the Panthers lose every stick in game when Jack Martin is still playing 1892 hockey out there when 2005 Who brought that silly ass frog in here anyway? How many votes we got on the phone? We're building a Mars pole. We got today's pole. We're gonna do like a next Thursday's pole, right? Right? We're gonna stick the old map flag up the maple give her do that in school. What did what does that all about putting the flag up the maple? Look at that. That's John Kerry with Signed and go on to rising a Rosa Perks statue. Personal protests and she refused to give up her seat to a white man It's a bud in month Oh, there's your president with some little black in the field. Why come up like a puppet? You see that the way he's holding him? I'm hearing my heart out. I don't think the film of Jesse Jackson Jr. Ordered children of Jesse Jackson Jr. Jesse Jackson Jr. By the way is good is he he's he knows this crap He I don't know where to go. I got it from must have gotten it from mommy. This is me who Roger is this is five 16. The Panera Republic baby only in Miami. Oh, how would it even know? I am here and you are I can't say anything more like that for me. Thanks a little small part that I got a midday show guy You know, bokeh. Yeah, yeah, that's the guy woman. I love it. You know that. I did it. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know who I'm going to be with. Let's take some calls and show it. I wait. I see you said Buntalia City. Yeah, hi, mom. Yeah, what you know. I don't know where people going to realize this this is a sports show and nothing else. Absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sport. Yeah, by the way, they paid me to ogle and in my event. This here is a show for men about men like this. Really bad in chat. You stole the pizza. You stole the pizza. I didn't want to take no pizza. I don't think ridiculous. You stole the pizza. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't steal the pizza. I didn't steal the pizza. No, I didn't steal the pizza. How's he here? I ain't no bite. Very good. I did not steal the pizza. I only had one slice. They're okay. So is a whole bite. Okay, those bombs had no power. I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot to you know. There was no doctor Browns to full taste the same without the doctor Browns. That's rude. And that number one said to me. Good night. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I You correctly a form of rain who shot the Western political invalid. What it is? What it does? Yang. Proud. months Pelosi threw a support behind the legislation. I'm endorsing what Mr. Murphy is saying, which is that the status quo is not working and that we need to have a plan that makes us safer in our military stronger and makes Iraq more stable. Pelosi said it in the press conference yesterday. I believe that what he has said has great wisdom. While the President is digging a whole Mr. Murphy speaking from the line of day about the realities in Iraq, she said. Murphy did this, about a minute. Pelosi made a remarks on the same day to Bush gave his speech with a bunch of crap. The Democratic leaders said the speech failed to give a clear indication of the White House exit plan from rack and out of courses. They don't have an exit plan. So I can do that. They don't have any. Right. With more than 2,100 American soldiers killed thousands where wounded grievously. And we're talking about no limbs, no eyes, no faces, no faces, no heads, no feet. Hundreds of millions of dollars spent. The President owes the American people more than he provided the day. She said, we should follow the lead of Congressman John Murthos put forth the plan to make America safer to make our military stronger. We're going to make Iraq more stable, Pelosi said, whether it's dramatic off or a quick pull off from U.S. troops in Iraq, Mr. Murthos changed the debate in our country. And he said, it's long over the Central Translate of Pennsylvania. It's Pennsylvania. They stuck their toll on it and they put their finger out the window to see which way to raise the low and they headed to their focus groups. And their focus focus focus, we do board a strategy to our right. Linda Blair, stand to talk to Captain Howdy. By the way, something. Yeah. I remember Captain Howdy. I do. Did you mention that Joe's a gackier or someone else was going to be in for the event out today? Well, that's what it says in my schedule. I said you would update it when the third one of that day. Yeah, something. This is getting to the, to the, just answer to the, okay, in between, and I really figured out why Duff didn't hear that one bit right then he got all Ben out of shape about this because he's been listening to seven I, he's got Wassy build up. So it's hearing his impaired. With Russia, it was them thought she was popping with Duffits that Wassy build up. Okay, who's on for the sixth 30? Cimendage. Today? Cimendage. Yeah. Well, that is really a rouse standing. Okay. Cameo appearance by the mad dog on he showed today. And it says also tomorrow I'm going to show now is that correct? You're not tomorrow. That's far as I do. As far as we know, pencil it in. I have never seen so many schedules and of course, and Duffits running the Greg. I did something I made up this schedule. I made it 45 times. I did something Greg. Oh, it is so, so sad. And a few folks only knew that all the stress and charity begins at home. Yeah, what about it? Trust me. 1049, 11 before 11, what movie had the most unacceptable funding for tomorrow's pull we got so far million dollar baby, Magnolia, monstrous ball. Is that like a falafel ball? Just like it. What's the time in America? Money Python and a holy grail, Memento, Blair Witch Project, a vanishing American version, which he's right as a good choice. And Donnie Darko and Johnny Darko. How many QAM? Hello. If memory serves me correctly, you ain't seen nothing yet with Mad Dog schedule. That's your, the holiday stress is all this? Yeah. I think he was gone around the 16. He came back around the ship of the final. Thanks for hearing. Nice going, Mad Dog. We like it. That's perfect for that guy. Hey, did you ever make mention of this thing that the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the dropout and rushment about so and where he says, given me some, his newsletter to serve as he has to hear something. You hear about that? No. If he's not given it to him, you have to, you have to, um, as a listener or a subscriber to, as you have to subscribe to it. Hey, rush. And then, rush. Well, my suggestion is don't subscribe and quit listening. Okay. That's your only reason he knows that. Because he's obviously listening. I just, I can't deal with that. It just drives me nuts. Don't lot of the, listen, that fascist pill popping. Uh, hip or hip, okay, that type of garbage. Who's on here every day with, uh, you know, Hillary Clinton just killed 50 more people and all of a sudden he's just, uh, lying sack of garbage. Okay. The, one of the world's biggest hypocrites. All the drug dealers ought to be put at the to death. They ought to be on death row right now in order to destroy the fabric of our country. And then of course come to find out. He's doc, we shop and he's called the oven. He's hearing is going to cause you thinking too many nonsense. And I'll just grab it back pain. My hands. So you are a pain in the ass. Rush. You pill pop and phony. Anyway, five six seven. Oh, five and sixty. What does that have to do with anything? Pound five, six to leave a rising and singular wireless line. That was probably Joe find for his boyfriend. I just stir in the pot baby, stirring it up. Too bad he's still got those. Oh, cheers, Joe. You're not doing nothing. WQ, I am. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's going? Yes, sir. I got one for your poll. Okay. Smoking weed. My favorite personal, uh, past time. And, uh, for today's poll. See now I got my polls confused. Yeah, for today. Okay. Okay. And, uh, I want to, uh, wish, uh, more good luck in his negotiations. And to remember, you can't do it. We have baby. Smoking weed. You added. We're in the pot. Let's see. See, I'm confused with all these different polls. Now five six seven, oh five six six. Let's do another one. Just cross everybody up. Perfect. Let's go. No, just, just another one for any day. Just a, a stomp poll. Or seen some of those. Tell me to kill me and hello. Any other? Yes, sir. Uh, the bridges at Toko Re. Remember when we were in Holden died down there in the, uh, in the, in the, in the ditch. I saw that. Somebody had the years ago that, uh, yeah, that was, that was a pretty sad ending on there. There's an angry again. The bridges of one. A Toko Re. Toko Re. Yeah. How you be spelling that? Uh, I think it's, to you. How you're going to chat. I've been a Google. Yeah, it's, uh, with way holding a Mickey Roney was there. Now over the movie, I just saw it about one under lifetime. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Google. So I know how to spell because I had to put this pool together. I got to write it up here. So I can fact you to Eric. See, that's another reason. This is a very bad idea. Actually, I have to do like a very, in minutes, you will amount of work here. I feel like print this out. Bridges of Toko Re. T. Ok. Oh. Look, R. Indeed, to, uh, T. Ok. Oh, dash, R. I see. The bridges at Toko Re. T.O. K.O. Dash. Part. I see. I see. I see. Got it. Capital R.I. Well, excuse me. I got it. 560, 056, the pound five. 680, the variety and singing around us on so many bad endings to so many movies and so little time. Movies with good endings. Talk or cornchetta grade ending. Yes, it did. That was fine. Only two bad, but we don't still have that ceramic rocking thing. I'm sure it's still around somewhere. Come in a QA and hello. Hey there. Yes, sir. I'd like to, uh, hold my hand. The sounds are huge. It sounds like a very twin brother. Uh, screen. It's the end of the screen. Uh, yeah. I thought it was a command. Not so name or movie, right? Those two guys ended up being the challenger. It was a pretty good staring movie going on there for a second. And then being the two jerks that were supposed to be. Who was it supposed to be? Should've been someone that I don't know. Somebody else. That's scary. That's funny. See there's George for our giving her hard time. Okay, this guy didn't like the ending and he's entitled of campus and I'm entitled to go. Go pay any attention to him, sir. He's just another, uh, Ojo on Provocutor. Have a great life. Thank you. At the teen slaughter movie that ended like, like they always do. Somebody did. Isn't it a farce? Scream? No, I think you know, you think it's scary movie. Scary movie. A scary movie. Parts one through a hundred. Right. I don't, I don't know if I saw a screen. I've seen a several screen. I mean, in a killer movie, you find out at the end who the killer is. I've seen a lot of screeners. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, leave a rise in singular, rival, slime, especially here. Um, come in. You Q AM hello. Yes, get after. Good morning, Neil. Good evening, sir. Yeah, tell you the. I'm going to tell you the story of my wife fish. Listen, I'm on a bit of a 24 hour delay. The two from yesterday was taken Peter Warrell and maybe Art Field. But, uh, location. One of my Johnny Jones. Johnny Jones and. Yeah. And the golden. Going to the old. The old funding caper, exactly. Yeah. The last thing is the only one that pulls capers. It was a, something else. Listen, I do like capers. Yeah, you were thinking of Clark's restaurant by the old McDonald's on Arch Creek. No. It was Clark's. It was, uh, no, there was a gourmet diner or something. Or a diner, Clark's history. Right. On the other side of the street on the east, on going north on, uh, US one. Exactly. And then, and they had the old New England, Worst for House was over there. Oh, I love that man. I've talked about that many times. Doesn't that, they had the best child in, uh, history of time. You're a big one. We're talking. For the ladies who doesn't like the, uh, was the, uh, last of the Shalali, or was it the story of St. Angolando and Poyoparaca? Right. Exactly. Okay. See, I'll speak to the nice, speaking to you guys. Why? He was just, you talk about magic mushrooms. This is why. Why? The fly here. Good flying machine, mine. Because he was on it. 1057 and 560WQAM happy, uh, Thursday. I want to say Friday. I'm telling you. I'm just open at Potemar. I'm just smoking and fine. I'm not here. You won't even hear a city pulse news. I need a clock. You know what I was saying? You could just say, I'll say your life by that, that it's right. A clock when you stare here in that audio from here. Right. And I guess it's because I get up, uh, 757 in the morning. Oh, 754. That's 756. 757. I don't, I don't know why. It just works for me. You know what I'm saying? No. Do you not have it alarm? Yes. But it, but my alarm almost never goes off. I was like, I wake up about, well, a couple of times. I wake up at 515. I think, oh, I got 2 and a half hours to sleep. How early? And I fall right back to sleep. Then I wake up at about 745. And I lie there. And I keep like looking open in my eyes. Look at the clock. Look at the class. And 51, 73. And then before the alarm goes off, I reach over and shut it off. Almost every day. You don't, your alarm actually goes off. Oh, yeah. That's news like three times. Oh, I hate that. And I hit when that alarm goes off. And mine goes, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. I hate that. He's the guy in real low. I hit that buzzing. Yeah. 1057 at 560WQAM, Tompano park racing in poker is back in business after Hurricane Woma. Featuring live harness racing in our great poker card room. Pumpano park we opens tomorrow. Friday, December 2. And best of all admission in parking. Like always are always free to pump an o park. Come root home a winner from the railroad. We're into a poker in the smoke free card room. There's also a harness through about a high-ly somochastic action every day, seven days a week from tracks all across the nation. And across Canada to a, live racing in poker schedule every Wednesday Friday and Saturday, post time 720 5.0 PM and the Carbore Welpens at noon. Pompano Park of Black South Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road for more information in the curracing schedule, call 9-5-4-972-2000, or visit their website at pompanopark.com. Pompano Park, horsepower and poker even plunger guts on. And don't forget, live racing is back in business starting tomorrow Friday December 2. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. The further reveal. Pompano's 2th Park. O! Well, Bapalo has a football team that gratished in the land, and everybody thinks they break the dicey feeling. The Bapalo feels on an outflow once. See what I mean? So just sing a little and you sing my name. When you say Bapalo, super cool. And here at that Bapalo bounce. Bapalo bounce. Dabagray this pain and this river human race stand up. Bapalo bounce. Dabagray this day. Same slice, bread, and canned beer. And here you go. And you jazz up that redneck stuff. Lysinette, Vanjo. Holy, sweet God, Lysinette. As we say Bapalo bills, it don't sound so redneck he do it. Everybody sing along now. Are you Phil Fan? Here we go. Well, the Bapalo bills are the best teams. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a time, which is more than I can say for this, it comes second thing and they're integrated. Like they mean, we like their uniforms. They sure is hell, big day heck. Out of having a fish on their helmet, I stand out. Bapalo whole bills. Dabagray, football teams. What I have the scene in the history of my life they are. Bapalo bills. Dabagalo bills. The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league. Yeah, everybody. Dabagalo bills. Dabagalo bills. And they've been around, more than the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, they're the Bapalo bills. Bapalo bills. What would you rather have as a pet a Bapalo or a fish? Yeah. Well, I just said the virgin who are good-steers too. I didn't point it out. I'm at 02 at 5.6. You're doubting who, here's a facet. It's really very sad. It says, my vote for the pulled peeing on the shower. Well, who denies peeing on the shower? I don't know. I don't know. Well, no. Do you want to put that on there? Yeah, sure. What that? Okay, put it on. And I noticed we got smoked weed twice once with a small. I saw once with a capitol list. Oh, I guess I'll drop you that book. Put it on there. So if you smoke the, huh? So if you smoke a big fat one, it's got a capitol list. And just a small, like a pin joint with a small list. Like a current token Thomas. The fact is also last night on the news. They showed Joe area where my, my city manager, when asked about David Samson's quote was, they said a boy to do a man's job. Oh, man. How do you like that for a shot, huh? Put a little David Samson. They said a boy to do a man's job. That is unbelievable. We did it. Yeah, that is pathetic. The city of Miami is more skyscrapers under construction downtown in Brooklyn. And he said he's ever had an history. It says, including New York and the 30s Hong Kong, etc. They've got millions of dollars sitting around that they don't know what to do it. And they want to go to stadium and still Samson is such a moron. He couldn't cut a deal. Also, could you please play my dingling by Chuck Various? No. I don't think you will play it. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 mar is pole. What will we have the most unacceptable ending? We're doing two poles at once. Well, I could come in on that. But Joyce had already get all nervous and start hyperventilating and squeeze with her kneecaps. Well, how much is she farce up a storm when it shows on here? And P knew a million. Huh? And P knew this hour. When I checked there in my tingling, the first person. How did you keep away in hell? Yeah, but after the number of new. Yes, you're good evening. Yeah, for the pole, I don't know you could really but like, you know people gamblers on their loose, but they always frame their win. Well, I know some people like that. Yeah. I don't know how you could really play. Excuse me, her whole life, I know it's on here, but I don't want to sneeze in. Yeah. Okay. That's my thing. How about loser ass gambling? Exactly. Okay, thank you. Yeah, loser ass gambling is good. All right. Which I do that by I don't deny it. I mean, what's the point of lying about it? If you lie about your losses, that means you've got a serious problem. I'm like, I tried to tell the Humphrey gambling is not my life. But some people, you know, but I mean, you know what? If it's their money, it's their business. As long as it doesn't, as long as they paid their bills and their life goes on, and that's the way it is. I got the thing is you want to be seen as a good gambler and not a beginner. Well, you want to be seen as a hot shot. I mean, you like my late friend Fat Rich. Oh, I had the super, I had the two over the one setting. Yeah, and he ever talked about the week's at a time when he couldn't cash it. You took it, you know, in a fixed race. It's just one of those things. People like to talk about their successes and overlook their failures. And then in their mind, if they have a composite gambling problem in their mind, they also, like put that out of the, yeah, they put it somewhere in the back of the brain where like, it doesn't register no normal. I put in a certain way in the back of a drawer and back of your drawers. 769 votes down the pool. We might get to a thousand on this one today. What do you think? You didn't have the usual tremendous start because I didn't put it on your 200 clock last night. Yeah, you never going to know why we're going to put the new full on there. I'm going to play with your emotions. You'll have to go back and keep checking and checking, which maybe you'll actually read some of the stories on there, then or not. And look at some of those great naked pictures. Come at your QA and hello. I got one of your many polls. Yes, sir. And this movie is very representative of this country. Up in smoke. Okay. Yeah, that you're Queensland. You're fair. Up in smoke. Which one is one? I don't get it. I don't know. And that teaching song. Right? You didn't like the end of the movie. I don't remember the end of the movie. I don't remember the movie period. I don't think I ever saw the movie. I did. I don't know why these potheads like you that's like I'm obsessed with that gorge mind. Just have obsessed sitting there rolling him to pick in the seeds on. Like picking little branches and trains. Oh, god. Let's put my smoke to branches here. No, that's why I got to pick him up. When it comes out, and the branches too. That's what the selections on our pool. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, I guess it's better to pick the branches out of there than to pick a branch out of your Reckham. WKWAM, hello. Who did more for that to get food that I don't know was a kid that was a bit of a billah. WKWAM, hello. Hello. Hello. You have been to what you got. Hello. Hello. Good material. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What movie had the most on the step of running? I thought we'd have a huge thing because I don't want to put this pull on. There's have Michael come out of the TV where we just did the. In his hands, right. His big lighter. This is big lighter in his hands. That's right. Or his floppables. WKWAM, hello. How are you doing? Good. I'm doing it now. Waiter. What is it? Yes, you're a winner. Okay. No, you sound like a loser to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. So in other words, they're done with the tomorrow's pull. Let's see what we have on Monday. Let's work on Mondays now. They're done with that. They're going to be like 50,000 movies with horrendous endings. They just can't remember what they are. Like last week, come home. That wasn't a good. WKWAM, hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. I got one for the pole. That was bad when they found out Lacy was a girl after all that time. Yes, sir. I use a disposable pick. Me, okay. Good. I'll tell you where to stay. WKWAM, hello. KWAM. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, go ahead. I think I was going to get out of the vegetables. I'm going to step up. I'm going to get out of the water. You got to walk away. What's the matter? What is this man saying? You know what? Like 20 pounds of mush in his mouth. What is the name of the passion of the crisis? Oh, the passion of the crazy kids. Couldn't understand a word as idiot as Sam. What was man? I'm in a line. Remember what you were saying before the show? Yep. Anybody who doubts this business about major league city man. This is the cesspool of the universe, South Florida. Make no mistake about it. Buffalo is like, I don't know what but the aim is of all mankind. But South Florida is a cesspool. It's an outdoor funeral parlor and cesspool. And all this business about all the big buildings going up and a high rise is something who gives a crap. Buildings don't make you great city. Ball clubs don't make you great city. People make you great city. The kind of people, the kind of leaders, the kind of life, the kind of, what's going on. Kind of, you know what I'm saying? And of course, in South Florida. I have no life. I don't know life. I'm just showing that this scaffolding again like that. I have a house, a mirror. Oh, they love that. Investing in scaffolding runs a mock. Oh, geez. And there's two guys on there. Probably messing with the cells. I would imagine. Oh, there are two guys on her. Maybe that's where that guy was. It was the next to me last time. Maybe he was on a scaffold. Because boy, he sure doesn't want to win his pantaloonies. I'm serious. There are smells I've encountered last year and a half and I've placed that I never even smelt me for my life. I thought, you know, when you get to be in old fart like me, you assume that you know, even though it's an old fart, it's not like, especially if you've been wearing the same clothing for days on end. But good. What is that and is it? What died in there? What do you, what did animal you sitting on? WQAM hello. Phone an army. WQAM hello. QAM. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. There are. I got to use subject to your pole. The next pole, Monday or Tuesday. Yeah. Okay. For starters, you'd like to say. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We're trying. We're trying to keep our speech real. Yeah. Florida is not a state of finance. I need the older John C'mon the phone. I'm here in the booth. 567, 05, 03, 567, 05, 60, pound, 560 and he, but I like to say, what kind of demographic are we aiming for? We put citizen came on a pole. You're too old for this show, okay. Call up the light bulb. Call up the normal can show if he's still on the ear somewhere. Call up Joyce Kaufman. For just kind of Joyce over their naples. Get out of our face and out of our life. This is chronic. Just chronic. 30 years man. 30 years. 30 years. And it's the same old tired voices. These old coffers from like the first day. I sat down with the cat. Good. Golly Miss. Money. When you go to the house, you're going to have a good day. Good. Golly Miss. Money. When you go to die already. Jesus. Hey. Christ. What do we got on today's pool? Because they obviously got no more movies, which means I can go through my pile. Without having to feel like guilty about it. I thought we'd build a nice, nice, really strong list for tomorrow. 791 votes on today's pool, which is also yesterday's pool. Despite their dinner hours, everyone loves to fart 168. I don't know. I just farted as a matter of fact, right? Well, you were all how is it? Well, probably not that good because Josh is in the other room. And if it starts sticking to the glass, it's very cool and dry this way. If he starts like tearing up a little bit, you'll know that was a statement. Very light. Loves to fart 169. Chokes the chicken 152. I sure hope it won't have that bird flu. Has sexual fantasies 114. Picks their nose 82. Rounds with flu. Lies 79. Enjoy as torno 55. Listen to the old royer's 45. Especially in your community. They lie like hell about that. The old royer, come in. He's the Democratic con and the other was him. Cheats are their taxes eight 19. No, he's W. Stoldy. 2002. Four elections 18. Very good. Look at that Josh got both of them in there. Each their book was 17. Tickles the taco 15. Loves garbage TV 10. Picks their butt nine. Smoke's weed four. Uses body wash three. Peeing in the shower two. A fierce death one. And the loser there asked gambling none so far. No, no, I don't know any gambling to ever lose. All the gamblers I know win every time. We never lose. I had the super I had the super. I guess what the horse was a pacing in the stretch. It was a trot race. They took the horse down. Oh gee, I didn't have the super. They took them down. I had the two over the. Yeah, big deal. Good luck to you. A lot of the. What was that? I was going to say if I remember correctly, you said you weren't going back to wood by and I was just going to bring that up for you. Change my mind. I said it was never going to the ice game again too tonight. We're going to change my mind. Said I was going to use that mock three turbo, Mach-Snell razor to change my mind. See, I'm not keeping my options open in life. Because the way I look at it, I've been working a long time for my money. I'll do whatever it hell I want with it. That's number one. Number two, I'm not here to impress anybody with how hip and because I'm not hip. I'm an old fart and there. Even when I was young, I wasn't hip. I was a square as a cardboard box. I was one of the 15 most bourgeois people on the face. I'm still in the list. That's one of the hipster. You're a ding-dong guy. Yeah, you're really. I'm a biobile, compared to Sir. Don't worry. Let me tell you, you don't have to be a hipster. You just have to be smart to do your shoe shopping at Brandy's shoes. Because that's where you'll find the most comfortable fit in your favorite cell. The shoes that unbeatable prices. And all the top brands that you know and love and covet are waiting for you at Brandy's. And it means like rock port, foreshime, echo, and so as to say, yes, new balance and lots more. And Brandy's professional shoe fitters are making sure you got to customize video favorite comfort shoe. Just ask for Arnie. He'll make damn sure you get the perfect fit of the right price. And Brandy's specializing with us as well. Brandy's really understand fit and comfort. You will not waddle out of there with uncomfortable shoes that aren't the perfect fit. You'll have a perfect fit every time. And save a lot of cash too. So Brandy's is worth a trip from just about any place in South Florida. That's why there's still around so long. For comfort style, fit value when selection always thing first. Brandy's shoes. And you'll find them at 1290 North federal highway in Paparote, open daily Monday to Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupid as a smart time to buy essay issues at Brandy's. Men's and women's essay stiles are on sale take 20. 30. 40 bucks are also like an essay stiles. So we should get your ass into Brandy's this week or do you shoe shopping and their most prestigious website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Neil, this is Randy West. If you can't tell the difference between me and Ryan Jeremy, you should try girls. This station presents real American heroes. Real American heroes. Today, we salute you, Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. User are in view with the God given gift. You respond to questions that are actually answers with answers that are actually questions. And you can't every single one right. Yes, you accumulated a vast fortune, Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. Would I have full of knowledge as a fist full of buzzer? Do you think more money than burn? And you're all whole lot more than Alex. But that's not really the amount. Also, until the next time you think you're smart enough to be on that show. Pop your brains of the couch and pop your jaw. It's a little too Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. A real American hero. Sorry for the question, please. Okay, 11.19 and five, 16.WDQA. More than the world says the facts here. And I would agree with that. Either version. Okay. It says the ending, second-metre, who was in control HD Wells, Orson Wells, George's pal, or Steven Spielberg. A little bit of a cop-out ending, but the second-lead was just a tragic. The tragic, yeah. Well, okay, there's Robert O'Hodiflow, which version of a war to war is pretty Morris Full. Now for yesterday's pool, five sick, let's start working on a lot. Now what's that was yesterday's pool? Or yesterday's pool? Who the pool? For the George community. Any cancer? Or, yes, honey. Or, HQB, he did a lot. Do you know the announcer in one of the Chicago race tracks, his name was Isch Kibbibble? That's, that was his name. So he said, Do you ever hear him call the races? Orson's part? Isch Kibbibble? I'm about to fart. He was the sign you sure. Oh, that was Phil George F. The sign you sure of the racing world. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. You fart enough as tremendous that they had that BLT- Or something with the extra bacon. I'm going to tell you, man, the best honey I ever had in my life. Oh, geez. I was at Bello Snyder's camp. I was 16 years old in the Adderond Egg Mountains. I was in the town and they had a sub-shop, and those days it was like Boston style. New Hohies and grinders. Oh, those are the days. There were, there were a few things that could in life. It just phenomenal. It's not just the passage of all these 400 years in between. It's, you know, that wax is eloquent about how great that went. No. But when I'm saying sometimes the passage of time makes you feel that things were not better than it were. Like like the Brigham's hot-flut Sundays in Boston. Like they were too small and number one. They were like, you know, what's the idea with the hot-flut Sunday? Unless of course it's on fish food or nestle's turtle. Hmm. See, there you go in the ice cream again. Start pushing that again. I haven't had an ice cream in about four or five days. Well, see, Saturday or Sunday about four or five days. And there you go, pushing it again. Pushed ice cream. The good news is, hey, didn't have any ice cream. I said, what do you say? I had like 16 home in touch and now left over from last poor. I'll be getting a little bit stale by right now. But when you're, when you're a big fat pig, like a lot of us. I don't want to say the hot-flut. I said, when you're a big fat pig, you eat whatever's around. When you're stealing a pizza or what you like eating last year's pastries or that chocolate roost. Well, what was that pink called? But think that Brian Bloom was eating in most of part of Thailand, America. And it's not what you're thinking either. I don't know. He brought her the past week and had like a little cherry. I don't know. But like I saw that movie 20 years ago. And then he went there first. He just ate the cherry. Uh-huh. Then he put a little whipped cream in off the tried to get like a finger at a whipped cream. And then he decided he just pushed a whole thing and he just left. Yeah. So this was a lot more delicious than that bitch. Somebody QIM hello. And I think he had a point. QIM. Good morning. Yes. Welcome. To the audience. Dischristents. Boycott. Chinese made products. Except for that one. Which box you stole it for a book? Somebody QIM hello. You. Yes, sir. Hey, see how it's watching. I don't have cable because I refused to pay 60 boxes to the mic. Yeah. So it was watching the Bible network. And you was on there. Stephen Baldwin. The boy kid. Right. One of the unbelievable. Well, good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 10. 5. Oh, I don't know what that is. What is that? It's on the bottom. It's the paper around it. And the. You push it up from the bottom. Is it cherry on top? Do you remember that scene? Exactly. Exactly. You know it's all. Do you see the movie? Yeah, I see the movie. you two times. Yeah. But Charlotte loose. And let's actually want to think on the movies that people should watch. Please. The great savourant. It'll tell you everything about the economic system of this country. Okay. Okay. Thanks, I know. Okay. Happy pace off. Don't forget drink the grits of broth on with the holidays too. I know him, Kippers, especially two late now. Early summer, if you're sure not. Don't be drinking on your Kippers. Bad. They'll mark that down. When you get to this day. I'll see the juice talk the same Peter too because Saint Peter is a guy. So who the juice talk to when they go to the squirrel against? Saint A was Saint Moishi. Right? Yeah. Well, Moishi. He's right there. I think. No, seriously. Can't be. I'm not saying Abraham. Okay. Can't be no saint anybody. And then Jews don't got no saints. Right. Saint who played who played the saint. Roger. We also played Roger Moore wasn't it? Was it? I never watched the saint. Neither did I. I think it would Google it. The saint. Look up Roger Moore who played also Sean County played 007. It was a Sean County was a 007 period. I was just telling that to my first days. First days in a no forget about Tony. There are certain characters in movies and and there's one actor or actress who played them. And then there's no point. I'm Tony. I don't. You're right. Donald's a ghosty was Dracula. Peter Cushing was not Dracula. Never will be. That's all. Rathbone was Shyla. And nobody else ever will be. So there's no point in making all this stuff. Just bring back the old grainy films and we'll enjoy them a lot. Thank you. Brom's so good. Let me see it again. Vala Lagosi was Dracula. Who is a Dracula or Franklin Jella? Are you kidding me? That was a war Dracula movie ever. Who? The Franklin Jella Dracula movie. I don't know. I didn't see Bram because I don't watch these airzots movies. I watched the real thing. Gary Oldman was the Brom's so- He's a very old man. Yeah. Where's he for? Did sunrise? Very good actor. Mom had before. He's still a no Dracula movie. I'm Tony right now. It was completely a must-back of Notre Dame. Very good. Or a Parcigian. I mean, Lon Cheney. Senior. And Joe Marsh Jr. Nobody did the hunchback like what's his name. Anthony Perkins. Anthony Perkins. Anthony Perkins. Anthony Perkins. Anthony Perkins. You're a fairer. Yeah. And just like that. There's only one Hannibal lecture. Right? I think I'm going to Anthony Hopkins. Could there be anybody else play that role? Have any credibility? Absolutely not. Brian Cox did a good job. He was the first one. Just because he didn't go. Yeah. Was that before after we soon fell Henry? 560560. Oh, God. I got so many good drop-ins. Yeah. I can play no more. Oh, it's so sad. So sad. The freedoms that we've lost. And I buy no way for anybody used to say, oh, the new Roger show all this is burping and farting. We can even play the farting sounds that it won't have been for like a year and a half. We're still kicking big fat ass. How do you like that? Oh, that's all. This is just a bunch of fart sounds. I know some shows that are just basically a bunch of boobs and fart sounds. And they seem to be doing pretty damn well. So they're hell with it. I can't wait to get to this thing about the Sun's central and the Harold. Same same subject. And they got two conflicting stories in here. My official to decide soon whether to build a new orange bull stadium says the Sun's central headline. And the Harold orange bull won't be turned down. And so that's just a headlines that can put it's the body of the story like two totally different virgins of it. Man, oh man. Let's build a stadium at every street corner. Okay. So everybody can play. Okay. You're struggling. Let's let's build another stadium at every street corner. So QM will have like 10 more sports stations. And then grit can have just an nervous breakdown just like spas out in the hallway. Oh, what are we going to do? Yeah. I just have an 90. We have like 15 different sports channels on the year. And bring down 15 Sid Rosenberg's who got canned in the organ put their ass on the year. That is so, so pathetic. You are so desperate. Oh, why don't you just have very right into Marscom's. You'll find word. I'm desperate over here. You sure are. God. I wouldn't be surprised. I'm going to put for a while on the year. Ah, I'm out. Yeah. See, and he does not worry about keeping the license because he doesn't own the license. Dennis Collins and Jefferson Puyler on that license. So we just have to worry about that. Telly winds up in the court. See, I'm gagging on it. We made you, Joel will do anything in our power to hurt you physically and emotionally. And in the book, I'll over you'll need our help. 835 votes on today's poll not to be confused with tomorrow's poll about the abandoned ex-in movies. See, despite their analysis, everyone loves to fart 181. Chokes it, 158. Hasn't equal fantasies, 16. Picks their nose, 83. Lies, 80. Enjoys, 0.5. This is the New Rogers, 46. No, it's W stole the two elections, 25. Cheats on their taxes, 20. Each their boogers, 17. How come that doesn't have more votes, because maybe a lot of people don't. You have the line. You never ate a booger. Me? Yeah. Come on. Three. Ah yeah, oh geez, get out of here. All right. Man. All right. How about this? Not that I can remember. You do it subconsciously, man. You're picking it like you're just a... Raaaaaaaaah. You're a funny figure. You do. I don't think so. You are so full of crap. Do you believe in Josh? I'm the hold on. I'm throwing up in the garbage can right now. Okay. He doesn't do it either. Is it, are you saying that you do? Like everyone's in my shirt. No, not all the time. How do you think I can get in all this weight? Tickles the taco 50. Well, I got this big Jewish nose, you know? I understand. It's loaded. Love garbage TV 10. Picks their butt nine. Most weeks seven. Here's death for it. It uses body wash for peas in the shower three and loses their ass gambling. Only one. That's probably me. This is a new Roger. This is 5. 16. 8. 8. My junior honey. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 9. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 10. 9. 7. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 8. It's going to see, he's bigger than about my love That's a good thing, he shouldn't be in us, dude But I ain't go but I ain't go but I go but I go but I go but I go but I go but I go but I go but I go but Up, up, up, out Any food near Hacobas Hacobas Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh That was, yeah, I thought that was gonna polish up a lot of old stuff we haven't played in a long time Yeah, did I tell you that? You did? I played that in the years, no And with all the new apologies to the Humphrey, the fact is, I put the food down, okay? We like to keep you around for a while, put down that humm and touch, okay? It's old and stay on the kill you, through your kishmies out As President Bush launched a new effort yesterday to gain public support for the Rackeware, a new pull found That most Americans don't believe he's got a planet on cheap victory But the CNN USA to make Gallup pull released last night also found Nearly 6 and 10 Democrats said US troops should not be withdraw from Rack until it's certain Certain goals are achieved. What those goals are of course nobody knows But just 35% want to set a specific time table for the reason Why not the officials on bail the 35 page plan yesterday which he's success? Yeah, he'd been a bit of a boom, but up Let's see, the pull doesn't include reflect on his speech because they hadn't seen it Only 10% of the 666 of all Americans pulled it seen it live And two thirds had even a heater heard a red news coverage about a what's speech Among Paul responded, 55% said they don't believe Bush has a planet on cheap victory for the US and Rack 41% thought he did He's just not telling us Asked about Bush's handling of the Rackeware, 44% thought he was doing a good job And 54% said it was for a car, but that's pathetic Or it would be like 94% But then again we got some people out there in total denial We're co-in those evil doors and we're taking our safe from terrorism In fact, we're so sad not that we're letting people take switch blades and all kind of good stuff on the planes And have food fights and fist fights and night fights, we're going to get some real sharp We're going to get the knife set for Ron Pofiel And give it to everybody who's in first class on a plane so they give some real sharp instruments That's how confident we are that we were winning the war on Terra Wait to hear this speaking of gambling and plunging your guts out A former armored car driver who turned herself in after more than a decade in hiding Please reveal the yesterday in a $2.9 million high-st on the biggest trip Heather Tolcheef That's her name Tolcheef, well I'll see that in the next 30-3 so I didn't September and Vegas after moving for years And and today on the Winnis Zoom name I'm stood on for Laura Sigi was tired of hiding a lot of their son to have a normal life She was probably living on the what you call it Who don't they rude to upper car driver? I don't know what's what's the one I think about I can't think of them in the street Oh, on Visseldroch Tolcheef, he'd go to the back of the unit and bezel met in passport fraud She could get up to 40 years in federal prison and sentencing march to but her lawyer Robert Axelrod said he was confident she'd get no more than 10 years Well, what a bargain that is she came here to admit a responsibility to accept the responsibility to face the music There you go Josh, he can't face the music, okay? You're turned next So don't start stuttering now But he but he but he yeah Tolcheef ignores driving an armored car full of cash from these circus circus hotel This here they rented gay Raj in 93 and helping her boyfriend Robert a Roberto Solis I wonder if he's came to Alex Solis the Jackie Roberto Solis low-dominated another vehicle Only couple been fled the country to Amsterdam They were living on the Kaiser Grasht Tolcheef has said that Solis brainwash you when they're committing the crime Solis the next convict and the father of Tolcheef son remains a fugitive Maybe they were living in the pipe or just smoking one You know there's a part of town in Amsterdam called the pipe P.I.J.P. the pipe No, what's it all about that's where I had my apartment the pipe well, they were very smoking I don't know that's where that horrible apartment was where I was sick all the time Where the bedrooms were down in the basement and it was like moldy and the spiders were as big as bowling boss Oh geez What a wicked webbie weave Asso rod told the judge that Tolcheef doesn't know where the money isn't has in scene police in 10 years Tolcheef agreed to we've paid the stolen amount for many money she receives from a book or movie deal Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha How much was it? Oh it only 2 point now maybe They probably would make you a movie about that Said some of those stupid like oceans 15 and so I'm so tired of that crack There's another movie that did not need to be remade like paper movies Yeah, paper movies with Robert Wagner. Oh brother I used to love the way he looked man when he was a young man He was the only one but he once consistently about him he couldn't act worth a crap number one And number two he was one of the most wouldn't he made he made Bob woodward seem like the likes of the party Like a Mexican jumping being that's Robert Wagner was wooden. Yes, that Lee wouldn't yeah He was a stiff he was a stiff and now she is In contact the big thing about his role in my with Mike Myers is that that's the whole thing is that he was wouldn't And now is all a Rob low was so great repreasing the role of our yellow a great one. Hey Rob You're fair any a break. Oh, God just like these Oscars and all these award shows are all petting each other Run aback all you're in so great and you're so wonderful and it was so moveless, you know and 90% of his politics the other 10% just a pile of crap Good, golly Miss Mike. It's been like about half of their time with going to award shows eating free rubber chickens and like you know Screaming about how great they are Could we could we do something more constructive than the stupid ass award shows? No, apparently Oh, I used to like Rob low. I must admit that and let's see it that that's good along with picking my nose and doing little chompin. Yeah Well, I mean Rob low is whatever. No problem. Now he he's we have this image now that he's very in got 45 kids by somebody I don't know who the values and also he was on at West Wing thing Uh-huh, but he's and they often that's showing you when on some other piece of cargo that ever had a problem with Rob He actually was a couple of proud of what he just find yeah, what that was the movie where he played the the went to Oxford Oxford blues Oxford blues That was a good moving. Was it yeah, you didn't see that. No, I thought it was class They've been thinking of a different movie crash. It was kind of crash Oxford blues. He was in some of those you know teeny Bob kind of whatever Oh, yeah, he's always in all those bread that movies 5 670 5 6 you what movie had the most unacceptable ending that's our poll question today How many votes we got we got oh 876 we're gonna get our 1000 and a month from yesterday too. Wait till we get a 1000 and a one that we haven't even thought up yet This is Neil Rogers My queen Alan box was a normal man with a wife children a summer home in Opalaka and a chain of radio stations Well normal that is until just three weeks ago Feel available Terminal there's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there Alan box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. I do cancel the Miami herald yet Honey, we don't subscribe to the herald. Oh, no, that's a cop out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just they know to L herald sir, huh people afflicted with Neal Rogers disease Have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Who here don't badge from femoral pines? You know the n-psil's like oh, you know, how can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. I guess or anything. How about those bad groins at wind mixing? You know it doesn't hurt to look in Incredible Neil Rogers disease a growing south Florida epidemic please help us find a cure honey. It's Friday night. You know what that mean? Hey, you know what I got a night a night. What's we followed got three points up? Send your tax deductive contributions today in care of hot 105 criminal un-feelable un-feelable Yeah, we heard it the first time. I see that's one of the reasons I don't go back in the library and play about as old stuff is it had a dual bleep on that thing. Oh well Did we all hit it? No, just you. Oh Had the debug word in there. Well, what do you mean just me all about what even like out in the taken leaker something? I was busy lighting a sense of candle really is that why do you wait in your boogers right? Don't eat and Josh is boogers. No, but it did have to do a judge. Oh chili for lunch. That I see without the boogers But that's what really said, you know, this business all these words is in and there is no and there is no basis for it either. No, there's no basis for that We can say douche and you know, every now and then you can say it's in the bag, but we just can't say them like side by each Well, what a crock a crack. You know what a bunch of spinoist gutless powers we got running this place, man. Oh I'll draw you says there's a real screw joy. So, okay, you would know already of your stuck 14 of muckery. I'll big fat butt In fact, let's start right now All go to the right and around blow. You know, I did have very stupid thing here. I mean really stupid. Yeah I've put it out robloys, filography here. I don't know why I'm looking at it here And it's like 7,000 movies Right on my guy we were both right. He was in class and Oxford blues, which are two different movies and there's a picture of him here Now, I don't know when this picture was taken he was born March 4 at 17 that he's 16. We're in Charlottesville, Virginia It's anybody cares and as see a lot of these pretty boy queens I mean guys that when are younger they look real pretty and then as they get ordered they get in the light middle age And he started looking really fay you know what I mean like yeah, yeah, and he's one of them Now you you probably have a notice because you don't have an eye for that a straight eye for the a fat guy But I do believe me Okay, he looks he looks absolutely Hey But he's got a wife and 48 kids now. He's proven it to everybody. Let's see doctor Vegas Salem's lot There's the phone a bunch of package on series though the lions then view from the top Austin powers in gold member But we know about that that's what he was doing the rabbi ragman deal. Don't look at toy Jane dough. Well, we're somebody old Westway and we're somebody older movies where he was like You know living and breathing Boy, he's he's he I'm taking one thing. He sure gets a lot of work Saying almost fired that's when I was trying to find that that was good In a bad way it was no as bad in a good way. I mean Oxford blues clans the outsideers. You said they played soda pop Curtis in the outsiders. Yeah soda pop hip hop That was one of his first movies. This matter fact the outsiders everybody wrote a punk's wearing that movie That was the movie with Matt Dylan was in that and probably crew a Tommy you fair man whether Rob Machio and the rap Machio I think was in there and also see Thomas Hall see Thomas jumps. See Thomas so naked was in there That's what our favorite movies by the way the hit your door now I'll say this about that movie the ending was bizarre. Yeah, don't ruin it now. They're not gonna watch the hit your Not a few really ending they won't well, okay the ending was good It was fine no no complaints the ending was preceded by that scene where he can fronts rock your power And he likes spit-send his face in a good master up very very very Sudow cycle sexual overtones see the good thing about the hitters that you had no idea what was gonna happen I don't even toy it was full of surprises. Yeah Scarce it came out of finger foods. Yeah 56705 He's now teach you people eating them fries. I told you them fries will make you beef your guts out and I say that do not be no fries Let's get somebody's movies with unacceptable endings on a floor Whatever else you got you know, you got something like really important like David Samson's an idiot a bulletin like that word delighted to hear that too Hey David guess what everybody is laughing at you man take your ball club and go over and head you want Especially with your fire sail Nobody's gonna come out. They're gonna be perfect at those games with a thousand people in the stands Josh you're gonna have lots of elbow room We won the world series mag and pay your ball boy Don't don't play that again. I just get goosebumps when I hear you play that That's so good. It's still running. Yeah, get a butterfly net for that S Somebody chew a m hello get shorty W to kill a m hello That is the way yeah the way. Oh, what you got? That's what you mean almond Do I stop? Wednesday, I'm putting that drain the boogey man the boogey man was terrible. I mean In the It was never scared to not be Yeah, yeah, yeah Well watch after the boogey man. You might even talk you that a long time ago watch out for the boogey man That's what KC said watch out for the baby. I saw that movie, but it's one of those cheesy formula You know, Roy ghost kills everybody movies. I mean, right? Oh, there's that phone again do I do a little talk? I want to assist. Oh, damn it No, ready for that. Okay, here we go. This is way better than talking since you got brought it up And he excuses for this on there right No, this is something Howard was singing when This was the stutter in the dancing All right, just heard this in the background, right? Well, let's it's a fancy Let's get all those automated things. They're sent in a fax to my regular line number. There's so much He wants to automate the things that I never I never Sorry wrong number mister sorry eight get lost with your facts I thought it was something important like a big man or maybe like a Jack Martin hockey coach Callin for tips tips out the night's game. We got to Washington crafttals in there your Florida Panthers Alexander Ovechkin and the crafts and the only coals again, etc Anybody know who those guys are and for the center clock tonight and guilty let me say again when the other teen scores I sure where somebody would talk to that child See I don't know how to express this because I think he's generally speaking been doing a previous in job He's like green behind the ears and what behind it, but but Somebody's got to like teach him how to do this because I don't think he's got like any role models He's been listening to how you call a hockey game The goal when it's scored is the boy. That's the highlight of the game It doesn't happen awful. I haven't had this year or several the Panthers of course is still playing commas But You can't just down play to the forwards like your pissed off. You know I heard mo talk about that one day the beginning of his show Mo remember mo Yeah, he happens to be maybe Mo on a cinema. Of course Mo. I'm sure he was delighted in fact. That's why I heard that call He played that run the beginning of the show. Yeah, horrible call when Brian McCabe scored a winning goal in the game on Monday He should he skies and Founders a hand. Yeah, you can't do that. I don't care if they lose every game your idea Maybe that's one of the reasons we got nobody in the stands because the broadcasts are so damn boring They're so negative you that's your job It's a tough job when you got a really bad losing team loses almost every day That's the biggest job at a broadcast. You're easy to quit a little bit of excitement to make people think they want to go out there and see it Think it whipped up into a frenzy we love the Panthers a lot of excitement, okay? Anyone the other teams scores is a little bit of excitement. It's first of winners like 2000 me fans in the stands Get with it, y'all, do you okay? What's up a little bit? Crank it up a couple of notches you silly person you God, I'm ordered it's time for all the time. Yeah WQA M. Hello QA M Not there it's line one mouth function at the junction QA M. Hello. Hey Neil. I'm gonna move you for your poll. Yes I bought all free matrix What is it all Pretty matrix movies all three matrix movies. I see I thought maybe it came up with a name of a new movie all three Matrix okay matrix parts once you're 100 egg yolk, okay You see the matrix? Yeah, it's all of it and you know in a second one sucked I'm not know that that's not the topic whether the movie something at the ending or acceptable ending It was a it was a fine ending the third one ended fine Well, what about matrix part two? Well, see it's a trilogy so the first two didn't actually end they just set up what about godfama what about godfama right Nothing wrong with you. I think always Always oranges or some other route and probably the first one the the opera singer that's Anthony See the moral of the godfather movies is if you're a successful gangster you die with an orange in your hand and if you're a successful Parliament bad who didn't have with no orange in his hand, okay with spring the oranges, okay? He was spraying the oranges and it was like Is mouth there a little kid was chasing around in the end to be hurl away from the oranges if you're a done That's a good idea stay away from all them fruits Although he did get Michael got to say by the orange use in godfather three and all that candy because he was head We're going into a dog that I think you can't don't let me remember that why What is a phoenix facts? I will just take the phone off to the a fax is coming it's got to be an automated thing doesn't That's gotta be yeah, oh who cares? 5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 6 to leave a rise in singular wireless lines. How many Q a m? Oh, no, yes, sir. Uh, purple. Yes any movie by Martin. Oh, that's me Yeah, okay See I know we don't have to say it We want the name of a movie, okay, not any movie by not us I like all the major you know name a movie. Yeah What movie had a most unacceptable ending what one movie give us a name give us a title any movie What if something be side of the name for the pull give us some verbal intercourse here a little conversation Okay, no you're good. Are you capable of doing that? Can you say it? I teach you anything besides the book you man's under the bed no, look at it God There he is DC. Hey Casey. Oh, yeah, I would quick bring it all them ugly guys by the house Well, he is the worst taste Always simply faced young Queens think I was popular pop star like that with that now. But I think again Yeah, I'm 100 12 votes on a poll today. We're gonna get to our 1000 the next hour and people are gonna start writing that down In fact, I think we start voting on the Mars polls simultaneously. You signed by each one You said this is Neil Rogers this is 516 This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 Um an entire entertainment universe is on the brink of extinction Game Oh For some more, that's between George Lucas, say how he would. He took his guy through the galaxy. So, it did theater owners are calling it the few good but safer of the summer. So, more, that's a pretty Jewish, is say something with the cell filling up a theater that was empty to a new Twitter. Robert Bucket, five, six, and every QI we got the most nice of it too. We got maddog at fork. Can you believe that? How did that happen? I don't know if you must stay. Somebody canceled the date. Pantsers, PB with six, duty to capture the passage of the Macarena at 70K-10, or after the hockey game. Shane may be rode a war crime. All right. Judean Burger, why it's just a guardian UK? How do you like that? Vice President Dick Cheney's burden on the Bush administration grew heavy or yesterday after a former senior U.S. State Department official said, he could be guilty of war crime over the abuse of prisoners. Lawrence Wilkers and there he goes again, who served as chief of Santa Secretary of State colon pal from 2002 to five, single lot of Mr. Cheney and a wide-winging political assault on BBC's today program. Mr. Wilkinson said that an internal administration debate over whether to abide by the GIMI conventions and the treatment of the attendees, Mr. Cheney's argument that essentially wanted to do away with all restrictions to do away with all restrictions. Ask whether the Vice President was guilty of a war crime, Mr. Wilkers, and replied, well that's an interesting question. It was certainly a domestic crime to navigate terror and I would suspect that it is an international crime as well. And the context of other remarks that appeared it was usually the word terror to apply to the systematic abuse of prisoners. Robert Garret, the Washington Post last month called Mr. Cheney, the Vice President for torture for the demand that the CIA be exempted from a ban on cruel and human and degrading human retainers. So anything got a call of it? No, no. And the beat goes on. It's this chronic condition. Yeah, that's right. That's exactly what we got. He finally said that to us, we've got a chronic condition and we're all suffering from it. We've got Bush eyedists. So here are these two conflicting stories, one of the consenal and one of the heralds? Which one do we believe? You know, is this going to play that low blow that we got? Yeah. But I previewed it off of it. Do you hear me playing? No. Why is it gets toward the end? It's a little loud. I thought of it. Remember what we were talking about? I don't know. I understand a little Vice Ian who now cares about Robloys. Old news, man. Old meat. I'm sorry. We can still say the title of it. Yeah, low blow. My any official to the side, Sue weather to build their new orange bulls stadium says the sun's sentinel and headline and the herald orange bull won't be torn down. The sun sentinel says the orange bulls still unchanged for decades, but appears they 69 year old student could receive more than a face lift in the coming months. Renovating the dilapidated facilities been discussed for more than three years, but was put on the back burner while the marlus pursued a statement year downtown. When at the LD railed, city officials have turned the retention of the venue that houses the University of Miami football team, a meeting between city and you out officials next week, will have to turn them whether the facility is renovated or turned down to rebel. They 65,000 seed stadium on the same side. Now the herald says, after comments by city manager Joe Ariel about demolishing the orange bulls that some I may elected officials scratching their head yesterday, he backtracked slightly. Ariel is a nice meeting reports that he said the orange bull may have suffered structural damage from her cane willma and the plans are being considered to build new stadium on the little of an aside. He claimed this statement were taken out of context, mixing answers from two different topics, damage is stayed from willma and lost any plans to be focused on stadium. He admitted to previously telling you if I'm athletic director Paul D, that if renovations were ordered to football team, might have to find another place to play in 2007, though he called that unlikely. You end which has a contract with the city myman to play in the orange bull through 2009, is the stadium is maintained. The city which has a long plan, hundred and ten million dollar renovation for the statement, it's supposed to get underway after the 2006 football season. Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. Some media outlets reported that area we wanted to set early in the day that if an upstructural damage was found from her cane willma, the incredible 60-year-old building could be turned down. I don't believe there's anything wrong here. We are told to Harold. Our engineer said there's nothing wrong. So they're all over the place. They're going to tear it down and not going to tear it down. And you know what, whatever they do is still a toilet. How do you like that? No matter what they do, it's still a big toilet. It should have been torn down years ago, it's an embarrassment. It's a disgrace. In fact, remember what they were doing in the and the super dome in New Orleans during New Wilma? What they were forced to do? Yeah, a lot of people probably forced to do an New Orleans book, because there ain't enough turrets in the middle of the middle of the half of the time I've plugged up. No, no seriously. No, I know, but I just don't know how to say it. What? Turret forced to do. Oh, I don't say it. Don't say it. Oh, I don't say it. Yeah, you know. The further their bodily stuff. Well, I've got your eye know where that damn thing is coming from one moment please. Let me check it. I've been in touch. I have my baby. I see. For some people just annoyed a holiday in the middle of your show. I'm doing a radio show now. Bill, okay, quit, bucket with his emails. And please do this. Okay. That's what's going on with that. Crap. Jesus, K, Christ. Let me see what this says there. My moment please. Solid is, baby. If you expect the high entertainment here forget about it. Every high and I let you know. I'm a, I can't read it. One moment play well. Mark, how come you're not playing something sat in there? Oh, I would love to. There you go. Can you see again? On this fuggie case. Well, he heard from the buggy net. Oh, good talk up. Okay, that's it. I've read this statement. I just want you to grab people bugging me. 5670560, pound 560, Verizon, singular wireless line. WCQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got a movie for you. Yeah. I don't know if you, I don't think you like this. David. Money type on him with rail. We got it on the pool already. I just turned on 10 minutes ago. So, are you better get with it, Mr. You haven't had any information. It's worth an excuse for today. No. Get with it. Get with it. Million dollar baby. Unacceptable ending. Magnolia up in smoke, monster's ball. What's the pot of time in America? Money, Python, and Holy Grail. So, one of the first ones you said. Somebody said somebody called it, Momento. The Blair Witch Project. If you get your Easter eggs all straight enough from a mentor, they can see from the beginning in crime logic of order. Any ending still sucks. The vanishing American version, Donnie D'Arco, see in Momento he was like his wife was diabetic. And he liked it. Well, anyway, you want to hear right. Now, I got a lot of crap because it's a little bit of the different thing when you get the ending that you still don't like it. And then the deal with Momento. It's like I get it. It was, you know, they ended it and everything like that. I just don't like how it. I mean, let me read the question again. I don't think we'll be had the most unacceptable ending. Well, obviously, that's strictly your opinion. Okay. Right. No, I'm just saying that. Pregis of Soakery's screen and more of the world. This is what we got so far. Nothing wrong with that. How many QA and hello? Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I love your show, man. Yeah. I've got a couple of them. I don't know whether you've seen them or not. I'm sure Georgia has had a young children. The end of Shrek. Which one part one? Part one. Yeah. Well, they know where he end. They end up going back to being an over. Is this George? Yeah. All of a sudden. No, sir, too. You know, I let him do the show with him. I'm just hanging out. Okay. I'm on the end of Shrek one where they go back to being an over. That's one or that, too. That's one. Yeah, well, they end up going back to being over. So they just say, I am. By me, but we'll put it on there. Thank George. Bye. Bye. And that's a good idea. This is a show of the series. And that's a great idea. It's a great idea. Yeah, it's not a comedy. Anyway, it's a drama in the series. We don't want to overdo it here between on and into the air. Got it. Like pace yourself. pace yourself, baby. Save it for the next three years. You're going to get a little bit of a way. Every QAM, hello. Hello, Uncle Neil. Yes, man. Hey, Neil, we will never be a Bob Prince. Yeah, well, Bob Prince didn't do hockey. They'll actually, Bob Prince did do hockey a way back once upon a time and not well either. Yeah, you know, I grew up in the case for Pennsylvania. Yeah, well, he'll never be in a white laying. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah, this one the holiday. Okay, thanks. You're never going to be in my clan, y'all. Okay. Very lame. That clip. And I, you know, that's why I'm old played. Because he's trying to like give him the old Zets. And when that was bad, well, putt ticket on poor little y'all. Well, I'm glad he did play it. See? Because then I gives me a chance to try to give him a little instruction. I know my hockey broadcast is guilty, but I've put you up a little bit. Try to make the game exciting. Not like always go our crap. You know, that's not the way it works. Even when the other team scores the goal, little assignment level there, please. Doesn't it, Joe Bowlin? You don't have to be a scream or like fat Joe, who's the best, but you know, just, uh, get with it. Man, just aggravates the hell out of me. These people think that they know something. And of course, that's the QM after way anyway, because we just put anybody on here to do anything. And just like the other place puts Jimmy Syphilis under, do the dolphin game. That, that is so installing and the meaning of no matter how crappy the team is and believe me, they are. But, you know, they, they, they, they, they, they, they're better. They got a long and story in history. And of course, they got that 72 or season 33 years ago. Ha ha ha ha, that undervalid season. And they're getting real nervous about the, uh, colds, but nevertheless, they deserve a better job in some little silly guy. Sounds like a little girl. What is, uh, legs tied together. Oh, gosh, look at the guitar. Wow, look at the Mickey Mickey. Come on, Jimmy. Cut the crap already. You fairer. We're going to be in a silly person. Do you have any QM? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, good afternoon. And back to you. Two things. Uh, there was a movie by the name of the Mulholland Drive, right? With one of the worst possible endings I still don't understand it. I see only the good. I don't remember the ending. I know the, yeah, was it was bizarre. We've heard it as our movie. Very strangely, we were the only good thing was the lesbian scenes in it. Okay. And the second thing, have you tried any of the low carb ice cream that riders put out? I can't eat low carb ice cream because it's loaded with cervical and it keeps me busy all day on the strong. I can't, I can't eat it. I can't hand-litten being a diabetic, recently diagnosed and I got sent. Well, the TAV, you don't have a problem with it if you're a body can handle it in more part of it. Yes, I can. Thank you, sir. Good luck. You're going to talk in ice cream with Halle's berries. Hmm. 560560, pound 560, me Verizon and SIGITORRIALISLINE. WQAM, hello. How's your full? Oh, yellow. Oh, yellow. Old yellow, yeah, I was saying. Honest said to both, yes, me. I already said, last, he come home and then last, he turned out to be a girl. Oh, geez, I hate when that happens. You don't, I'm going to choke up about it. 560560, pound 560, me Verizon and SIGITORRIALISLINE. I'll pull today. I'm getting confused, aren't you? Nope. Oh, I am too many poles all at once. I can see I just five or three miles. Every one, we got that. We got, I'm not going to, I'll read the list later. 947, I don't have an 47 vote on that. And for tomorrow, what movie has the most unacceptable money? I started that too early today, but the reason for that is I thought we'd build nice, good list. Plus there's nothing to add on with today's. Although we did that a couple on there. Yeah, we did. What the hell was that? Huh? I think I may lose my mind here, sir. I may have to shut that door between that phone. There keeps that fact just keeps red dialing and red dialing. Yeah. That's fast. What is that all about? Fastest. What is that? It's somebody that thinks that they've got the right number. Yeah. The fact machine just keeps, because it's not a fact machine. Then they're not connecting. They're pushing keeps red dialing, trying to make a connection. I see. And then we got the beep on my printer here that you just sent me something. Can be between that. Right? I might just go a little bit fatty here today. Says for your movie full contact. Contact. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I wrote amen really big on the page as a matter of fact. I see that. As a matter of fact, that's a perfect example because here's a movie that's so good. And you're going along and you're just loving every minute of it. And you think it's going to go somewhere and then they just pull the rug right out from under you at the end. I'm not saying that. That's definitive then. Yeah. They've been to me what we're talking about. It says, talking movie was a very intelligent look at how aliens, I mean, contact my come about. It was dead on about how religious fanatists would react was building to what looked like a great ending and then totally cracked out. Right. I mean, comfortable. It's just the beginning of it. See, you know, all the religion is done. If you're all the Scott Squad, he made the stars also when you're on the audience. What's the rest of the universe there for? Just for a window dressing is because it looks pretty immolent. See, in any way, hey, if it's that one, it's all the animals. It's all there. And all the business about dead planets and falling stars and stars that burn out and stuff. Well, what does that tell you? And this crap about what was their life on Mars. Maybe there was not maybe like 20 billion years ago there was. We're just not going to know about it. See, it's just so stupid. See, that's one of mankind's biggest weaknesses. If we just can't accept the fact that there's some things that we not only do we not know, but we can never possibly know how to do like that. I don't know. I'm stupid. Stupid. Like South Florida, for example. Not smart. Like Fredo. Stupid. Look at us for Christ's sakes. We were for Greg Reed. 1213 a QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 565. I got on. This is Joe Boe on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Come on. Come on. Come on. See, hey, a fetish, my son. Hey, come on. I'm going to get a three-up of the radio. How many are you haven't got a get a 50? You got a giddies. Water you. Stop it. Damn. I have a limited glass. What's your car? Why do you abuse me? Carry on Entscheidung. Be so Exhience. Thank you child. furnace. Staffel in the service at 9 o'clock. I'm worried about wires. Papa? Sure. Yes. I'm making them to train over here. I'm going to move the... ...and my arms... ...but I don't know... ...and the fish I... ...do my body up on me. I'm going to ride my steps and I don't have to do it! I'm going to ride my steps and I don't have to do it! I'm going to ride my steps and I don't have to do it! I'm going to ride my steps and I don't have to do it! I think we don't get the best time! I'm going to do it! I don't think in shock! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! I am thinking shock! You're going to go for a stick on the wall! Coffee's in a QAM here's a fact that it's easy ride. It could have had a better ending. Yeah. It could have had a better ending. I mean, you know, we got it. That's not the question. I don't know. What movie had the most unacceptable ending? I could have had a better ending. Almost any movie could have had it. I said about 80 percent of it. I probably could have had it. Unacceptable. Unacceptable. Don't you understand the difference between week and unacceptable? I mean, if it didn't end with a naked chick exploding, it could have been better. Very well. I saw that in our former years ago. The naked chick is slowing. Oh yeah. John Timmy says, it was all a big misunderstanding. You're a police too. We're not talking about the Ford Department. The Pazapata is some try to buy in New York. That screaming daylong headline on the Internet's popular DRAGREPORT and all the TV talking hits claiming his Miami cops would open a new front in the war and tear with random ID checks. The former Philadelphia police he put on TV to explain why the so-called In-your-face anti-terror campaign called Miami Shield may be the domestic police equivalent of Schroffinaw but it won't violate people's civil liberties. It's an infolcianism American morning that nowhere in America, whether it's terrorism ordinary crime without probable cause, can you demand identification? So why is it chiefs' new plan costs such a stir? Maybe it's because chiefs' dominates so-called front-of-fice-civil liberties allegations from his recent past. This is in the Philadelphia Daily News. Earlier this month, the ACLU filed three lawsuits charging the officers under Timmy's command use excess force to intimidate and unlawfully arrest innocent vice-standers protestors during November 2003 free-trade to America's meeting in downtown Miami as your well recall. In one or two lawsuits, a few of my reporter for the Miami News Times was there to cover protests. When she was handcuffed forced to lie down for more than an hour first and then arrested for failure to obey a lawful command. Timmy's tangled history on the issue began in filet when he was a commissioner of something, whether to see the body edge of this is off to because it's the same same dancing as the hero in 2001. At the Republican National Convention in 2000, fully captured accused of arresting protests without just cost and only a handful of more than 400 people arrested or ever are convicted of any crime. Not surprising the ACLU said yesterday would take a wait and see a approach on the Miami-A deal, okay? ACLU's spokesman Alessandra Sodor Mitt Meet says, when they say one thing, but practice can be the such circumstances. We'll say, Tim� O'Fell, when they start like stopping your right in the middle of a street court and saying, okay, where's your ID with it out? Then they will fear you, baby. See, like you said, it's a smoke screen. The whole idea of this thing is to take attention to often, of course, if it's a right in the defascist, you would say with this whole mentality. So it's perfect. If it's a rubber glove, deep inside your right. Right, don't write. Maybe he's not the police chief. Maybe he's the productologist. He's the police chief. Despite their denials, everyone, 900 to 70, we're going over a thousand hours. Now take that. No big deal. Everyone loves to fart 207. Show kit, 180 to their choking it. Has sexual fantasies 127. Fixed their nose 98. Lies 87. Enjoyed his point, oh 66. Listen to the arraggers 50. No doubt you stole those two elections 49. Cheats on their taxes, 22, 20 dose. Tickles the taco 18. Is that it? The good taco or taco schmaco? Each their booker's 17, disgusting. Nobody does that. Yeah. Ping in the shower well. Guess what? You're wrong. Everybody does. That's, that should be the winner. Keep saying that everybody does. They do. I don't know anybody doesn't even. Me and Josh. Yeah, you're both lie. Right. Right. You probably put them on the pizza. Ping in the shower 10, picks their butt 10, loves garbage TV 10. Smokes weed 9. Here's death five. Lies of their ass gambling for, and uses body wash for. There you go. Well, of course, there are some people don't gamble. I mean, slippers can't afford to gamble anyway. So they can't write about it. They're not in denial. That's right. You just can't afford it. That's right. And good. I salute them. Some of us can afford it to go and have a good time and occasionally get lucky. Except for the people sitting next to us who smell like the end of the world. I'm going to tell you right now, if there's a place called Helen Scott in aroma, I said, I said next to Hell last night for about 15 minutes. Well, probably there's only five minutes. It's seen like 15 hours. I said next to Hell. Whatever else smells like. Oh, God. And I mean, you can't say anything. But what are you going to say? Hey, you stink. Yeah. Hey, stinky. No, and now I, hey, you know what? This is a true story. This is a true story. I don't know whether it was an elevator or where the hell was, but there was one time where the fat black lady who happened to like, cut the worst cheese. Maybe it was in the public. And I know it was her. Because I was standing right at different. And she like, oh man, what's that? What's things? Now, yes, that's a good scam, you know? I like who cut it? Oh, God. It must have been the dog then. Right? Probably there was no dogs in the supermarket. You know? Oh, I mean, if you ever got had one get away from you and you were like around other people. Of course. Absolutely. Are you kidding me? Absolutely. Immediately you got to turn to the person next to you and you go, oh my God. What did you have for breakfast? Right. Good, God. You can't you control yourself? That's right. That's right. Yeah. Well, no, I actually, my tactic is if I'm like in a public place and do something like that, I look around and you're like, oh, it kind of like squint the eyes. Oh, like I'm nausea. Like who did that? Who cut it? It doesn't work, of course. They know what you did it. But nevertheless, at least it gives you a little bit of hope. It just maybe they weren't paying enough attention. I try to get those old aisle by myself. Especially if they hurt it. How many QA, QA, M? They are going on. Yes sir. But I do not eat the burger, I actually put it in my car seat. That one. I'll eat it. But I'm going to go for your headboard. If you got a nice headboard on your bed, stick it back there. Yeah. Look at how you used to do that. I got a little quack. Now you got a Mary F. and Christmas all. Yeah, you're going to good luck to you. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. But I was a little kid. This is a true story. You say, a headboard on my bed. Yeah. And back in the day, and I see, I guess when I was younger, I had a little kid, I was more cool than I am. I was an old fart. I certainly would never have thought of putting that in my mouth. So, you get out of here. I might just finger looking good, baby. Crunchy? I'm not kind of in there right now. But anyway, can I finish the story? I just like reach behind me and I would smear them on the back of the headboard. Yeah, sure. That's what that's there for. You never did that? Yeah. Oh, see, here's an admission from a horror-haided perfect. This is Schmerer's bookers on the back of the headboard. Is it a seat under the desk? Whatever. The seat? Anywhere, but in my heart. Yeah, you should look at this one. Oh, that's an increase from me not to come back no more. Looks like the inside of a cave ceiling on the other side. Yeah, I'm going to start to hear an estuff on my feet and come back there again. That olive oil. That is still slick from it. Oh, is that? Yeah, and you know something that new through Gina, that body of motion, that's also good for your feet. Yes, it's good for you. Yes, give this a big a genius to figure out. It's good for every word. Sure, sure. You know, you know, anywhere where it's a dry cracked. That stuff is a miracle. Nutri gene of body in motion. If you got dry skin and this is not just for the ladies out there or the make believe ladies, this is for everybody. Anywhere where there's a dry crack. Bracom. Schmerer. When did that? Schmerer. No, seriously. That stuff is as close to a miracle. It is. Really? And the area that has been there is very, very low, low, low. And in most cases, you know, the airy lotion and potion and cream and what you name it. It's lazy, it's like molecular or something. Yeah. There's something with a new through Gina body. Most, now they make a lot of other products and maybe they're good. Maybe they're not. I don't know but I'm just. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just telling you about that one. I've got to go out and buy a couple of new flavors of body wash for the weekend. It's 27 past noon at 5.60 QM and the mole myster who today is going to tell us what body wash he uses and what he saves with. Nice. Nice. Come on, I'll show you after that but maybe. This is why I'm not so stupid. I'm constantly expressed my displeasure with least, particularly late to class at class by information. And I want to know, I want to know the truth. I want to see through it, you know. To the truth, to the right. Now it seems to us that road who just what he said was not just words when an agent might get killed and it's the president who you do just what you said. And a lot of calm road for his trees and baby. You stood that podium and said the calm road was not involved. We don't want to see you calm no more. We don't want to touch you too, babe, for here. We'll be safer if you kick him out the door which you will make the White House more than you. Yes, I'm sure it's a little too old. You're a little more beautiful. He didn't even talk about his wife. And there will be a time to talk about this. But now it's not the time to talk about it. You know, talk about it. It's common problem, by the way, is rumor to be underway out and he wanted to win because they say he doesn't have any credibility. Of course, the president of Icepress and they got a lot of credibility. But Scott McLean doesn't see any of me out. Ah, yeah, does anybody care? No. 560, 0560, pound 560, any Verizon, cigarette or wireless line? Yes, we got a decent list of all. I thought we had a lot more than this. What movie had the most unacceptable? I thought we had like, oh wait, 50, pound. Tell me, huh? They'll be cardin' more. Besides the old yellow, which obviously is probably the winner. Tell me the QA and hello. No. Yes, sir. But I'll do what to grow up in the 80s. Last and zero. So I can easily probably. 5. Yeah. Yeah. Why never saw this above her down in junior movie? List in zero. As far as I know. Okay. Well, I'll take his word for it. Did you grow up in the 80s? I guess I did. Oh, I'm still waiting for most of these people to grow up period. Okay, what do you say, sweetheart? 560, pound 560, cigarette or wireless line? These people leave me kind of like limp. I'm going to be the most of them. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. I'm so fired up and whipping to the fancy you don't even know. I am sick of this country, all this margarine. I need to go get away from these people. They're good. Start right now. Head to East. WQA and hello. Good morning. The deal. How you doing? Good afternoon. I'm going to a new body wash for you. Can you do a new body wash for a new body wash? Yeah, I'm dead. 560, pound 560, cigarette or wireless line? In fact, he's probably smear in some on his back. Right now, which could be anywhere in his case. WQA and hello. QA and hola. Hello. Yes. Are you on the air? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm talking about the recipe. I've got to have a lot of children. I'm already here anymore. But anyway, how about when you drive down the street? Talk me about picking those as you drive down and you see a guy next to you. Pickin' those and lookin' at it and starting it like it was the time of... Well, maybe it is. It's a written baby. It is written. It possibly could be. And you know what I do? When I got shopping with my wife down, publics, I got down the line. And I got a nice one. And I run down the end of the aisle. So when the old people come up, they think that it's better. And they should find their baby. That is pretty good. I like that. Nice technique, Valley. Good style. To get several style points on that. No, actually, when I'm in my car, I don't want people lookin' if I... Haven't I always talked about PIP insurance, pickin' and piece? That's right. That's the place you ought to be able to pick you nose. And all you... That's what other good reason for tinnin' windows. Yeah. You don't want people stare at why you're picking your nose. What you do with it and where you put it with it, you're too it toss it out the window, stick it on your pantalones on it. Whatever. Whatever you do with... That's your business. It's your bookers' engines up to you. I don't go flicking it out the window. Why not? If I hit somebody else. Well, too bad. They deserve it. If they just can't mind your old business. God, all these people got a stare on you. You go stare at somebody else, okay. They believe me. There ain't nothing worth staring at me about. Trust me. If plenty of people in car, all of them, it's not for it. Not that so much. So, software, what do you run a highway? You look right here. You look right here. You look at the London. You feel a lot better about yourself. Yep. Geekland. So many geeks to the right and geeks to the left. Just shocking. Like line nine is usually pretty shocking. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. It was strange. All right. Yeah. It was strange. Daddy was a little bit strange. Oh. No. Didn't he play? He played the doctor in the emergency room in a reclume for a dream. That is correct. Yeah. He's a good actor. Although I had to feel him. He might have been acting so much in this one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60. On the boys in singular, where I was lying. Like Michael Kane in the Angie Dickinson movie dressed a kill. What was that? Yeah. I didn't think he was acting too much. I thought it was like a Beatles and act naturally. Speaking of Michael Kane while you're making out your list of things to see. No particular rush. I love Michael Kane. Yeah. It's mentioned it before. Since you do like Michael Kane and I know you hate Toby McGuire but nevertheless. I told me McGuire that I could live a routine. It wouldn't bug me off from a movie. He bugs me nevertheless. A side or house rules. You would like that. I heard that. Good story. Good drama. Good subject. I just been recommended to me many many times. But I rather see that or Schindler's list. Oh, it's apples and oranges. And well, any fruit will do. Like Jesse McCartney. Come on. Let's get serious. I don't have room on my plate for two movies today. Which one? I'm going to go out and get one today. Guaranteed. Schindler's list. Yeah. It's a two movie. W-W-I-M-Hello. Okay. Yes, sir. Hi. I want to be a ball. Okay. The first one. And I thought something else. You had a spot for Hank's competitions. Like Hank tickles, bread, competition, something? Yeah. I-I-I-I haven't seen a picture of Hank but I'm definitely interested in the tickles, bread. What a clever queen. I mean, what a silly goose. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six. You've got to rise in singing the wildest line. God, these people are so creative, aren't they? Not, Dylan Bigna. What is it? Dylan Bigger is the name of the dad from happiness. He's good actor. Dylan Bigger's stuff. Our husband dog was pretty good too. He's in the Spider-Man movies. 70 QAM, hello. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. Uh, I got a movie. Yeah. Check it for later. With him, we've talked about Jacob's liner. Yeah. We did a nice DJ, comes liner. Which him, Robin? Yeah. Weird ending. I tried watching it and somebody told me the ending and I said, thank you. Thank you very much. What were you doing? What the hell? Tell me the ending right now. So, do I have to waste their time? I was ending. He's dead. He's dead. Oh, there's always hanging up. He's been the end. I waste your time with Jacob's liner. Well, let's speak of Jacob's liner. Why haven't I happened to my friend Jacob? How are Jacob? From the hockey games, Jacob. She's a gorgeous, gorgeous. I just want to follow back in these names. Oh, I know who I'm talking about. Yeah? No, you don't. I know the guy that you're talking about. I mean, I don't know him personally. I can't picture him, but I, you know. Well, that's fine. Well, that's fine. All right. That's part of your newest song. I'll leave right now. Five, six, seven, all five. I'll stick to that. What I find is. How you know Jacob? That's for this weird. Five, six, seven, all. It's a, I saw unusual. Did you see any like living and breathing person in South Florida? Anybody looks like a peeling, male, female, vegetable mineral? It's just a geekland. And as much as I raved about Niagara Falls, even here, you go out on the street and you look to your right and look to your left. You know, he's, uh, wow, holy crap. Really true. And actually, if you, uh, not nothing people. Oh, I, now I know what I wanted to tell you about my experience. Forget about the guy that smelled that bad. Oh, my God. Seriously, I have to start taking notes. I have to have like a loosely, sort of, one of the little small, Yeah, loosely, and take notes of my experience. Listen to me. I'm playing there last night and there's a guy somewhat in the read. It's skinny. He looks like a real, like one of those guys from like, Mooster, or Alberta. You know, like a Canadian redneck. All right. And he's playing and he had like, uh, I don't know, he hit a cup of whatever you got. Nothing big. And so he gets up and he's going to play the machine on the end. And this big, packie of the kid is, uh, decided to play or had been playing there. And he's playing to my sheen. I don't know what to do. This guy gets all better shape than, yeah, I don't tell you the way Sheen's. And I'm going to go get the supervisor. Anyway, he gets something. He goes out of the side of the five hour machine. He gets five thousand. Okay? All right. So he comes back to make sure that this packie kid knows it. I just hit five thousand. Thanks a lot for chasing me off that machine. So later on, I'm playing and he comes in since next to me this guy. I can smell the booze on his breath. Well, that's my birthday today. How you doing? What do you do for 11? I'm just ignoring him as much as I can. Mm-hmm. And he says to me, and at the time, there are people, I mean, like any world, this is a very multicultural city. Like, packie in the, all kinds of people playing Chinese. He's so estimated man, I sure hated when non-white people win something. Don't you? Now, now keep in mind. I don't know this guy from Adam. I know this guy from much of a people. I've never laid eyes on him before. Hopefully, I've never seen him again. This is the kind of trash that I'm talking about. They've heard hungry. It's an eats and greets and meets at that place. Well, what kind of a thing is that to say to somebody, you don't even know. Yeah, you should have said that. You should have said that. Yeah, or Jews too. Yeah. And like, you should have said, yeah, rednix too. So if I work a GM in Ashalai, I want to go for you. Oh, okay. If you go rednix, jackass, he hates it when a non-white people win anything. And he has some term for the packing kid. I've never heard of before my life. I've heard the most grotesque. Not even laundry here. I mean, a thousand times worse than that. Long-re-skin, whatever it was. Purple skin, I don't know. Man, aren't you bunk a way to be embarrassed? Well, I was a hate it when they're now white people win something. Look at this. They do you, Roger. This is 5.62. Oh my god. I'm not much but holy crap. Oh, it's warm in my life. If I can't hold back, let me know. It's winter, take a great sleep. It's very nice. Someone please cover the past. Silent part. Deadly fogged. My cheeks were spread apart. Rest on my head, I drank too much egg nug. So, try to lay me into a budge. Open the window please. Silent part. I'm not much but holy crap. Oh, it's warm in my life. If I can't be paid. If I can't be paid. If I can't be paid. If I can't be paid. If I can't be paid. Let's move to the centerhouse rules. We're told by McWire and Michael Kane and Charlie Starall. And a bunch of other glam. Very good. Review says, trivia, the orphan that gets into the pie dough and each of it and the Sean's showing up all over the orphanage is named Steer for it. Steer for it is the name of one of the main characters, friends, and the Charles Dickens book and Copperfield which Homer leads to the children in their bedroom. Do you know that? No, I didn't. And an equinoism. The package containing Homer's doctor bag bears four examples of a stamp honoring railroad engineers. There was released on April 29, 1950. Yet the entire film takes place during the 40s. Oh, oh. Yes, if you go to IMDB, they've always got some like a goose and which is what's kind of interesting. Nick ticker is everybody hits Nick Picker's. Yeah. And it goes on. The best translation of an novel will film that I've ever seen right. Steve reviewer here. He had a lot of oddy on me, but it would put him up. Sounds pretty good. I'm going to go to the attack because I don't want to see Shinberg's list. Okay. But it also says, if you like this title, we also recommend Peyton Place. Oh, Jesus. What's that? I don't know. I've heard of it. But I don't know. What? It just sounds like a soap opera. What do you mean you've heard of it? Peyton Place? Yeah. It is a soap opera. Oh, I'm TV. Oh, well. I mean originally it was a novel and a very steamy novel and sex build, and then it was a TV and I was a movie. I say, you ever saw Peyton Place? No. Say the Peyton Place. Where's that? Right next to a Peyton Manny's house? I thought it was right. Peyton is a buddy. Oh, it's close. But he's a Peyton. You're fair. Mike says, great pull today for tomorrow. Can't believe George hasn't mentioned the village. Just let my mind. It says, God awful. Yeah. I understand up and whatever. I try to put it out of my head. It's a bad movie with a bad end. Well, I put that on there. I also put on there. I'll cook was nest. Somebody says this is a point. He movie and he ran on my birthday. It's lobotomized. They're going to flow over to cook was nest. That's right. That's one of those endings where you know that that's what was supposed to happen. But you just didn't like it. I mean, he could like gotten away. He could like got up. There was a little way. And with a tragedy. He could have jumped out the window with a cheese. That's just it. It was a tragedy. It was a good thing. Look how when a cheese was lifted up to them. A thing there to sink. He would have been out of there. Window. He was, see, that's the whole point. He was on his way out and he would have been out through the window. He said, well, you know, the Billy, the Billy, the Billy, the Charlie, the Limit to his blonde girlfriend slut. And he's, he's really up with the girl. And while he was waiting for them to finish, they all fell asleep. And that's why he wanted to get in my bottom. See, if we just talked to Billy up with Vera, they kind of got in that hole. We're just about 40 seconds. So we wouldn't have to worry about that. That's right. I can't stop thinking about that. I mean, that's, that's their sexual life. Oh, okay. Well, I guess the price was right. But boy, at least it sure left a lot of time for other episodes. Sure. Or shenan, back in. Who's? Wow. 560, 560, pound five, 60 leave a rise in singular wireless lines. I'm going to watch City of God again. Do you mean give it a show? No, no chance. Do you want to go to the contrast on your screen so they look white? Oh, how try that? 2A and hello. Yeah, hey, Neil. Mr. The worst movie ending is going to be a clockwork orange. That's the perfect movie. Any, what is that supposed to mean? That's nice. It's not that in 2001. It's based on the fact. Okay, end of that. Okay. Clockwork orange. The ending is perfect. Exactly. It's a whole idea of it. Yeah, like, oh, yeah. We're going to be for a minute. Right. Sure you want to be for them. Once a pervert always a pervert, trust me. I know. Eggywex. Yeah, and hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. I have one for tomorrow's poll. About the burn. It's not going to be kind of confusing now. We're going to have to start taking notes. I got one for the next two days, Paul. This is good. By the way, what is the birds? Yeah. The birds. How was that? Yeah, they just kind of drive on. The bird you're watching, those like what's the most? I think this was like the predictive for bird flu. I don't know. I think they offered in the money for either color or ending any toast to making it in color. Very perceptive, Pat. You're hired. Thank you. The birds. Yes. Tippy headwind said it was for the birds. I talked a lot about how he just mulled her and just did it to everybody. Yeah, I know that. But he liked her especially. He made her a little tipsy. I like to be a bird and she. I think she's still alive and she. I don't know. I don't know. All please don't tell me she died. I think she died. Do a Google on it. I'll be lucky. That was the point. Come on. Yeah, a dead or live website. No one else is going to die. One of these days is Barbara Eden. Oh, don't say that. Marcie's been a die someday. She needs live forever. So it was all for 2000. Mary's maybe there was a sticker race in a bottle. I don't know. What about? I'm taking who's been dying for the longest time. That's Larry Hegman speaking of. Barbara Eden. Well, I think he's got a fourth liver to. She. Really. I like to warm with a bacon and onions best. You know, I used to eat that a lot. I used to love liver and onions. What is good? It's great. It is. But once I started really thinking about it, the fact that the liver is the organ and the body, the collects all the, it's the filter. You know, it's like the, the filter and a fish tank. Yeah, well, lobster. The bottom of those terms, the filter and a fish tank is even more. It collects more stuff than the catfish can't eat in the bottom. Ah, and all the stuff goes through there. And so you're eating it. You're eating all. When you're eating it. You know, the, we recycle everything when you think about it. Yeah. Well, in the world, the plants eat that and then you eat the plants. So the plant's eat what every every. Yeah. Yeah. We've ever seen a tiny liver. I'm not talking about liver. I'm talking about waste. Maybe you have a start feeding a plant. Think they fertilized a little longer. What do you think they fertilized the plants with? Oh, I know that. So trust me. I had two dogs. You have to tell me about it. Well, one dog anyway, the other one used to like occasional snack. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 in the horizon and singular wireless line. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. I was dying. Why did it not? Okay. Good. WQAM Hello. 2A in. I thought you were going to, I thought you could do it. She's probably getting the facts. WQAM Hello. Not there. Oh, there's flipping now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five, 60 in the horizon and singular wireless line. I promise we take a million calls between now during the month of December. Aren't you excited if December already? And pretty soon it's going to be 2000. So, uh, and then it's going to be like, you know. 25 million, a lot of 649 lot of jackpot and Saturday. Just keep that in mind. Okay. I'll take care of you guys. Three of you guys. You and Brian and Josh. Maybe Eric has to enter a couple of bucks. Not too much. 72. I am. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Great movie with the fat ending and heat. Where he was in the air right now. The three of them. Heat? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, a lot of nursery's got in weight. All right. Thanks, friends. No, your man. He said that when we were in the heat. Well, for example, I hate got it. Got it. To be seen. Yeah. I told it. To be hedgerin is still alive. Oh, thank God. Are you sure? That's what it says. Are you sure? I'm trying to think of what I saw her on me. Was the biography channel nearby? She's, uh, she's very good. Hmm. But she does like, I don't know. She's like, uh, oh, don't tell me she's a pita person. Maybe that's what it was. Hey, half of the narso. Well, don't hold that against her. I will. I'll put it like to though. And of course, in his case, all he had to was like stand up straight. Well, he had that big puppet. That's something that that can be your signature. The big fat puppet. That was out for each guy. Oh, what do you think of it? Yeah. He was. He was different. You can say that. All right. Oh, you never saw North find Northwest and I keep threatening. I can't find it for you. That take it done. I keep looking in these stores. I keep trying to get it online and, uh, Remember what happened. They can't pull the order. Yeah. They're going to face the Jordan. Like a birthday round right in here. Order something. It just never shows up and then you get a hand over. I wish it's face and not flush more. But I did. W to Q a M. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Is I'm breakable on your path? Oh, excellent. Yes. George is on our line from your show. Yeah. That movie with somebody in a car. I'm using three quarters and then at the end. I'm not a movie. They don't even fight. Who's worth the search of called the cops on them? And then the end. Yeah. It's like a little story. How's it? We're sending out with that. Okay. Thanks, Paul. It's like it gets your hopes up. You think all right. I think everybody's got that. Everybody task very highly. And I like it. And I've seen it about 40 or 50 times. But the ending is absolutely unacceptable. Let's go. Yeah. Well, see when you're talking about a true story, it's really hard to end it the way you want it to. No, but that's a savvy ending. They go into this protection program. Oh, that's all I've been. Huh? That's what happened. No, I understand. It's a true story of it. I don't like the ending. I agree. It was unacceptable. What do you mean? To change the ending. We don't have to have all the truths. I mean, Jack Webb, why don't the truth and nothing but the truth. But we don't have to have it. Let's have them get waxed instead, even though they don't have it. Let's have her go look at those coats. Get them down there. Down there. Right over there. This is Neil Rogers. This is five, sixteen, two, and eight. Oh. I agree. The mum. Oh, it's one to two hours. Right. Yeah. Okay. The movie. Go to take care. And we promise no, but I must. I love to bring no summer. Okay. I'll take care. I'll take care. I'll take you there, see. There's the day once on our own. That's where the bad folks go to get away from it all. There's nice present here. We're ready to enter our mismills. Neil and James, recommendations from members of the town. I'm going right down in Guantanau. I'll take them. I'll take them. Who would've going to take it? And we promise no, but we promise no, but we promise no, but we promise no. Okay. So, place where it's in Shungo. Tell them, do you want break our dog? What's on it, no? One happy is there where you don't want to know. There's no, but we promise no, but we promise no. Oh, it's the one to two hours. Anyway, I forgot this thing is moving along so fast today. Like grease lightning. So it doesn't make any difference. It's not Friday yet. It'll be Friday tomorrow. And it'll be Saturday and it'll be Monday. We'll start all over again. That's the sad part. Unless of course that's 25 million come us to 1 to 649. When everybody's sweet. Here's tomorrow's pool. What movie had the most unacceptable ending with so go on our website tonight? You can stare at whatever I feel like it. When you least expected it or go on there and you said, oh, do you look at this? Million dollar baby magnolia up in smoke, monster's ball. What's the part of time in America? Money, Python, and Holy Grail. Momento, Blair Witch Project, a vanishing the American version. Donnie Garco, Bridges, a Toco Reak, scream. War the world's. I'm a Holland Drive, but that was a really strange. Did you see that? No, but you want to see it. I think I'm supposed to. People get naked. Yeah. Oh yeah. And let's be in senior love. All right. Contact. Less than zero. Artificial intelligence. Lord of the Rings part one. Jacob's ladder. How Jacob doing? Uh, wants to over to cook who's next. Legends of the fall. I like what legends of the fall under because why did Brad Pitt have to die? I'm sorry if you see him. See him. He dies. Right? Right? Why couldn't Craig Shefford of died? He's got those rat cool eyes. You know, those eyes are like sinking into his head. He's not looking to good anymore. Oh, that's how they do things. Well, damn it. By the way, we used a bit that list. You might want to, uh, A.I. is the name of the movie. Artificial intelligence is what A.I. stands for. Oh, the movie is. Well, let me just, okay. A.I. as a. Or is it, or the period you're not just A.I. I don't know. Or is it I? And the Canadian version, I think it was I. Anyway, legends of the fall, which, uh, was it a good movie? It was okay. It was like hearts and flowers. Right. Yeah. It was fine. First Brad Pitt looked really good. Uh, the village, the birds, heat, unbreakable, which is really unbelievable. Unbelievable. And good fellows. They even though the good fellows was, I understand. It's a true story. And they had to put the eye. I just didn't like it. It opens the door. It gets the newspaper. And they're like in a witness protection program. And like, come on. That's it. By the way, since we're putting all of the M.A. Shumalan movies on there, which we should. Yeah. Signs. You better watch it. I knew he was going to be on a phone or Mickey. And he said, anytime now. Signs? Yeah. I don't know what else is all about. All of these. And both the ending and the, uh, and the epilogue. First it ends badly, and then they have a little epilogue. And that's that. Yeah. That's the middle of gifts and alien movie. No, gives. And the preview says it will tell us what those craft circles mean. We're the big fight, don't we? We're the big fight. Some little man who I've dreamed. Oh. And we've written by him that Shumalan thing don't the guy. We did six minutes. But it also deals unbreakable. We can't get up quite fast. Go, sign. Signs. That you move. Signs. Screw us. Open it. We're the big girl. Got a solid sign. Milk gifts and plays a farer way. Martint is your. And I think that maybe I'm not shamanian. It's time where you are. Because those circles were taken by alien. Well, just do that. There you go, you don't do that. Do you? They will meet byцию Twilight Sometimes I'mование You made it like that, watching my other person study Outside Oh that was the one about Wayne. I'm putting it on. He's a little bigger than he was. He's a little smaller than he was. There we go. We're putting that poor Wayne again, huh? I know his Hank was like stuck on a little bit to Wayne this morning. He's looking for a job in that organization. Come on, Humber. Don't cave in. Here's today's pool and then we'll do yesterday's pool. Now we'll do one from two weeks ago. Oh, it's tissue ball. That was a really good one. A thousand and 61 votes. You know, it's how unceremoniously we passed a thousand mark. Now you used to be like a big thing. Oh, yeah. I know when we start like four days ahead of time. We get a leg up so to speak. You remember leg up? I got one up now. Dura did. Despite their denials. Despite their denials, everyone loves to far. Two twenty. They're choking over there. One ninety nine. I had sexual fantasies 133. Fixed their nose 104. But of course, this fences are just those of it. Very sanitary. Do you believe that? No. Flix it. Did that which you tell me you just flick it? Generally speaking, right? Sometimes it's not of a consistent situation. It's easy to flick and if there's a good target around, I try to hit it. Oh, you mean like Maddie Bell? Small target. I got skies. Lies ninety. Enjoys point. No 72. No's W. Slowly. Two elections in 2002. Sixty nine. Listen to me, a Roger 52. Even people in certain communities who lie like crazy about it. Who would never listen to this show. Tickles the taco 23. Cheats on their taxes 23. Each their bookers 18. See only a very small number of people doing this. Listen to what kind of people would do that? And to grow tests. Oh God. Oh yeah. All the time. I'll ping in the shower 13. Swoke's weed 10. Fixed their butt 10. I bet it's really grow test. Who would do that? Us. Yeah. Love's Garbett. Can you imagine Barbara Jordan? Pickin' her butt? Well she's dead now. But that's what we can say it. They're just something or Adelaide Stevens. Do they mean? Yeah. Henry Kissinger. Oh yeah. He's picking it all the time. Probably. Love's Garbett. TV 10. Here's Death 9. Loses their ass gambling five and uses body wash five. Out of a thousand and sixty nine vote. Pretty impressive. Yes. We got polls all of a damn place. Oh it's official. Diabold, uh, lesson bug where it can't be trusted. You know what I have to do immediately when this show is over? What? Remember how I solved that problem with the margins on the old computer? Now I've got to move that on the a new pewter. That's right. Gotta get my margins all straight and no. Cause I'm chopping off so many of the likes like well, here this story here, which I wish I could do Kind of give printed out. And if only a Michigan wishes a suburb of Detroit, that's where Skipper's table of Bifu used to be. In between the double header is my old friend, Dar, and I used to my track buddy. We used to go to the afternoon third by racing at a hazel park. Then we'd grab out the La Volnia and have dinner with Skipper's table of a Fiendas. Pick out just really mind your mind and go to like the RC Wolverine. Harnessed for that. The flats in the day and the traitors at night and then you got Trots all night. The city council in this Detroit server voted unanimously to prevent Walmart from Big open twenty four hours a day. I'm making up the last words in these centers. It's not there right for it. Developers of the proposed two hundred and four thousand. Foot store. So there were disappointed the vote went to end to them. It's the hours to something. We worked for years to produce a plan that has affected the citizens and said developer Robert Trots deck. We're back to square one, but it's not done yet. More than 80 residents attended the meeting and some applaudable to council voted. Walmart stores increased official David Ewing to plan to say what the Bentonville Arkansas based retailer would do now. Everything is under review with them. We said the play is under review. So they're going to like put their head under the they're going to put that in the middle of the clock. And then we're going to look at the camera. It's under review and referee is looking and looking and looking and watching it over. You know. Actually, you know what it is. What. I'm tired of Josh Moore. Because he knows about the football replace. What the referee is saying he's not seeing the video tapes of. What happened on the play. There's a representative. It's a split screener. It's a representative from each team. That he sees in there. Yeah. Each one is holding up a check. And whichever one is got to make he change. They keep changing. They got like a whole bunch. And they keep. You know, it's like an auction. You know. It's a high estimate. That's the one gets to call. But you didn't know that. I learned something every day. That's right. Opponents of the store said it's rising proximity to 127,000 square foot Target store. But we're in congestion and crime. It is a crime. But Walmart comes into your hood. I'll say that right now. We hate Walmart and show. We wish they would die. We're happy. Very pleased. I said. Michelle. I can't tell you. I want Walmart. That's the last thing we need to live on your for Christ's takes. They're going to the dogs out there. I mean, it closed down. They probably tore down and it whole place. The RC for a race course and then we'll bring whatever used to be harness raceway. God, things just need like they used to be, man. Back in the day. Now this story. I think is this one got the last part of the sentence. I know. Diabold would rather lose all of its voting machine business in North Carolina than open its source code to stay election officials as required by a law of the AP reports. How do you like that? You go, Carolyn. Duty regularities in the 2004 election traced to touchscreen terminals North Carolina's taken the very reasonable precaution of requiring vendors of electronic voting gizmos could place all of the source code in Espro. Diabold has addicted the possibility of criminal sanctions if they failed to comply. An argued for an exemption before we could have to secure a court judge. An early cash well. He's a narrowly old judge. The judge defined it was shown exemption and Diabold has concluded that has no choice to move withdraw from North Carolina. Nothing could be fine if they had to toss Diabold out of North Carolina. It may have been a mistake. The company's explanations that their machine is a good machine, but it's fixed. Their machines contain Microsoft software, which they have no right to make available to state-of-the-art officials. This seems disingenuous as it's hard to imagine Microsoft's doing Diabold for complying with a law. It would hardly be Diabold's fault if it released MS code to lawful authority on demand. That should be something for MS and North Carolina to slug out. One far-fetched explanation would be that MS is licensed at software-to-diabold with a provision that to company withdraw from jurisdictions where the law requires the release of its source code. It's possible, but there's no reason to believe it. They considerably more plausible explanation is that Diabold is using this non-problem as it excuse to keep its bugware from the prime eyes of government regulators. And the most likely reason for that is they've got a lot of blunders to hide. The wonders or intentional blunders. If North Carolina were to reject the machines on the basis of their software, other states would undoubtedly become suspicious and begin to endure all investigations. So in that case, would Drunk and Narcan as the smartest move the company can make? But if the software is as good as the company claims, the North Carolina's future endorsement will make for excellent free advertising, would Drunk and the market would be a very foolish move in that case. But again, only if Diabold has nothing to hide. They got lost to hide. Okay, the fixed was in, baby. This bunch of right winged, they put the con and neocon. Unfortunately, what I've said here, they stole two freaking presidential elections and the public is been shopping for an Xbox that's not going to work when they get in a home anyway. And you're like that. I think that some guy at the CNN would think that a car can't put the S over to Chinese posts. He probably put the S in Xbox. Or do you think? That's not in the middle. Yeah, that's everybody lined up in Florida. If somebody cuts in front of you and lines, you put a thing. That's all. You blow their brains all over your crappy old smelly suit. I'm not sure that guy that was sitting next to me last night, but she had been wearing that suit for like 10 years. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Well, he was gone. So maybe there wasn't a fresh load by me. I don't want to go into it. It's just petrified. That's what I mean. Oh my god, maybe it's like part of him. Like attached to it. Right. Man, I've heard of a woman getting a permanent for this guy. That was bad. It was just, and like I said, what can you say? Like, oh, well, what is that? That's why I should start to, what is that? Let's say, oh my god, what's that? Yeah. Did one of the dead horses get there? Is there a horses carcass in here? I mean, we're on like there by the racetrack. God. What we need to do is clean up the world. We need to clean up the rack. Clean up your act. All you unwashed masses out there. The unwashed masses are asses. And you can smell them, too. Problem at some, maybe that's what it was. Problem at some after one at five, 60 WQM. It's that most wonderful family. Unless, of course, you hate to clad them all those smelly shoppers. Long-wage your thrones and parking hassles. So make your gift giving a little bit easier for you and your loved ones this year. Give them a down on mattress, gifts, certificate. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order down on mattress, gifts, certificate, any down on a donation. And a brand new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for years. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from all the top names. See these, sort of, Simmons King Coral, Stewards and Pasta, he would end 10 per p.m. Did you suffer damage from the hurricane? Maybe need to bed for those pain in the asses. I've been on a bed a holiday guess. Whatever your deal, call 1-800 mattress. You'll get same day delivery in the time to two pick from 80 in the 2 p.m. You'll pick the date and time for delivery within a 2 hour window to fit your schedule. And Donald McPherson shows up 99.7% for an 99.7% of the time on time, like I just said. The rack number one in the world of customer satisfaction. I wouldn't dream about it in a mattress any other way you ought to be doing the same. So before those guests arrive, tick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress or log out of their website, mattress.com. The easiest possible way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come just at one simple call as all it takes. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last as because it stands for something. This is Neil Rogers. This is five six-rock-one-one-solid. It's gonna get ready to fall. I'll be the moment of your over here and I'm over there. But how about the mallins? There they are. How about them at a hurry, Gaines? You know why if I'd always I can take from that TV, we'll even fit. If that takes more than six-one-little pinky toe in the studio again? Why, I'll punch them in the nose. See? I'll knock out as teeth, I say. I'm gonna mobilize them. Why, I'll twist them into a pretzel. Why, I'll tear them loose from them. The slices belly open like a group of them. Yeah, they'd that poop a little cry. The next tiny attempt to assassinate my good character? I'm gonna call my attorney. I'm calling the national guard. The matter where they are. Then I'm calling my rabbi. And I'll call Mabel. Like labels. And then I'm gonna pull a freight train. Use an only my dentures. Like what I'm hurting boy, you've been laying some strong in me. Why, if I have a get my head, what is that? There's a monkey in my shaggy face. Hey, who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Then I don't mind checking who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? I say I'm not deaf. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Hats off school's rest code committed to the side of that student should wear any strats that could be unsafe whether made from chain or fabric so the associate associate principal Jeff Samson. How much of his kid at David Samson? Hey David, you're fairie. Although the staff have been cut to the injuries at the school Samson said they could possibly hook students on something or someone and would be especially dangerous around shop class equipment. Like I got it was like, well, I don't want to go into that. Remember that story? Yeah, that's that. I'll tell you your Ed Chick and his friends have distracted with Rift off the pants once caught and a most or two eye off the ground for this trip over. Students had the new pro-business named a group who's somebody called as Goth or Freak. They said teachers have been less rigid and forcing the rest photo most students than other groups who wear scimpy blouses, seizures, groaning booze or pants that you'll underwear us. We've all been yelled at a call to the office that you knew Carl Schreiber, we still couldn't wear pants with cuffs. One and a half feet in diameter because he could conceal a gun and then more trip. Yeah, they're going to start measuring it when you go to school now and you're a cuffs too. What you want, what and cuffs to come back in? Samsung said about 15. I didn't say that. I said, it's a good fart catcher. Ah, that's right. Samsung said about 15 students have agreed to remove the straps and a handful were suspended after refusing. Where's this? This is in Winona, Minnesota. I say, as in Winona, right at it. Alarm over dramatic wicking of the Gulf Stream. Thank God, there's no such thing as a global warming. Thank the Lord for that. The Guardian writes, slowing of current by a third and 12 years could be more extreme weather and the temperature in Britain like the drop by one degree in the next decade. Well, it's a good thing that cellos are almost dead. The powerful ocean current that bathes Britain or the New York and warm waters from the tropics has weakened dramatically in recent years. A consequence of global warming that could trigger more severe winners and cooler summers across the region, scientists warned today. Researchers on the scientific expedition of the Atlantic Ocean measure the strength of the current between Africa and the East Coast of America and found that the circulation is slowed by 30 percent. Not 30 minutes. Since the previous sex finishing just 12 years ago, the current which strives to go streamed globally equivalent of a million power stations worth of energy at the Northern Europe. Prophing of temperatures by 10 degrees Celsius in some regions. That's 50 degrees Fahrenheit. The research is found that the circulation is weakened by six million tons of water per second. Is that possible? I don't know. That's what it says. The previous sex division to check the current flow in 571.92. Full of the hydraulic minor changes in strength although a slowing was picked up in a further expedition 98. The decline prompted the scientists to set up a 4.8 million pound network of more instruments in the Atlantic to monitor changes the current continuously. The network should also answer the press and question whether the significant weakening of the current is your short term variation or part of a more devastating long term slowing of the flow. There's nothing worse than what you've got a slow flow man. And you live in so flow. Right. Especially when you've got a weak bladder. I guess it's good if you've got a slow flow if you've got a weak bladder. It's better if you've got a heavy flow. If the current remains as weak as it is temperatures in Britain like the drop-on average, you wonder if we sell you in the next decade. Quint Harry Bryan. A model show that if it shuts down completely 20 years later, the temperature is 4 to 6 degrees, cooler over the UK and Northwestern Europe including Amistadam. If it isn't pulled enough there in the wintertime and more severe by the way, if it ain't pulled enough for you there, wow, you're going to get frozen to an ice cube on the damn rack on that day and square. Although climate records you just that the current has ground to a halt in the distant past, the prospect of a chitting down in Charlie Witton's century are extremely low. They're feeling mighty. So don't worry about we'll all be getting anyway. Don't worry about your kids and your grandkids. No with them. Just live it up now. Right. Right. Just like those parents they meant well they just want to quiet baby down. Okay. Let's go on with the fifth and bird bird nerf on. Come with you ever was. I'm so distraught when I first saw this story. I thought here I buy something and I love and I used it all the time and I was going to like I did it with it. My blackberry. Right? You got one yeah? No. Well what about Josh? You got your blackberry? I don't. Well why not? What kind of an outfit is this? I think that the station ought to be here. We're required to give all producers all boardoffs and blackberries. So you can be an instant content instant email instant messaging. The department has said yeah you are that's the least they could do. Right. And all the salespeople on a big shot is going to jack you are at least the underlings are to get like a little blackberry. Blackberry maker research in motion limited was done on the legal setback and to keep patent infringement case yesterday raising pressure. The so are face a possible shot down of a US mobile email service. US district James Spencer did not request by research in motion. I wonder if he's can disfinress Spencer. He did not request by research in motion to enforce the terms of a disputed $450 million settlement. Returling of the sea with patent holding company NTP Inc. Now the judge will set up a hearing at whether RIM can keep selling or importing its blackberry hardware and software in the USA. I got mine you ain't getting it. RIM stock called it for the news combo after reopening sliding about 7% on NASDAQ in in Toronto. Our RIM said in the statement that it would continue efforts to get the US Supreme Court to review the case the company also reiterated that it's prepared a software upgrade that can be used to work around the disputed patents. Always like that old end around you know. Never works but always like the end of it. The disput between RIM and the P goes back for years. That's what Wilma Ververset she liked the end around. That's used to like. Well, I'm not saying it. Okay. In 2001 NTP filed a sub against RIM claiming that the blackberry infringes on its patents in 2002 a jury filed in favor of NTP in order to company $20 fee per $1 million damages. In 2003 a district judge increased the damages to 210 million and issued an injunction against RIM and we'll set aside how we're appending appeal. Last December in appeals court sided with a district court and in March RIM settled with NDP for $150 million. But during the summer RIM walked away from that deal for reasons that have yet to be disclosed. Maybe they're waiting for the beeswes to pay their bill. In this go around RIM one of those terms and four so yesterday's ruling was a setback. RIM reports more than 4 million blackberry subscribers worldwide with the vast majority in the US. So when he lose your blackberry service the article asks the judge could issue an injunction but several analysts doubt that RIM will have to stop selling blackberries. I don't you love blackberries? I also don't want you to checkberries and strawberries and falafel berries. Go and falafel balls. NTP is asked to court to make sure that any shutdown of the blackberry does not affect government customers or emergency response personnel and RIM has said that it would be difficult to shut down the service selectively making it less likely than injunction could be in force in timely fashion. In other words, well I'll be dead before they settle. Let's say, let's say, let's say that the thing about death is that we'll be dead before all these terrible things have. Yeah, good. Before the sun burns out. In addition our M would likely be interested in selling even if it means a bigger payout. I don't think all I am wants to take it all away to an injunction. So the likelihood is that they're going to settle before that happens. It's a Kona Sheo and Analyst with Research from Conscious Capital Partners in Montreal. See when S C I U S Conscious? Okay. Now, I'm sure it says they just weren't conscious. It's estimated a new settlement can cost much as a billion dollars small potatoes they got that. NTP or holding company not a while will make me some products but also benefit more from a settlement than for a blackberry shutdown. After yesterday's ruling in T.P. Lourge and Joel has said, we would hope today's developments would bring the parties back to the table. In other words, bring a checkbook, let's go back to the table and give us all your got. Wherever you got, we'll take it and then we'll go away and then we'll come back again. Say, hey, that wasn't enough. We won't know. Let me somebody once more. We want mo to. Let tomorrow and don't forget his Friday. A very jackass in his condom. Tomorrow morning in the Harold. Then we'll find out if there was like any meeting with Greg Reed this week. If they had enjoyed their sushi, if Moistane, if he's leaving, if he's like good to baton, if he's got an offering can refuse, what the deal is? That's the thing at two way. Nobody tells us nothing, except for a tough who's learning to lie a lot lately. Just like you're firing that whole deal. Remember that? Yeah. Oh, nothing to do with it. That's untrue. They lie and they lie and now they lie about the fact that they lie. Why is he kneel-radress? This is the one she's a... Then the Londoner is for you, but I can't. Good morning Americans. It's fall-hard days. Stand by for news. As school a boy is told by a classmate that most adults are hiding at least one dark secret. And that this makes it very easy to blackmail them by saying, I know the whole truth, even when you don't know anything. The boy decides to go home and try it out. As he's greeted by his mother at the front door, he says, I know the whole truth. His mother quickly hands in $20 and says, just don't tell your father. Quite please, the boy waits for his father to get home from work and grids him with, I know the whole truth. The father probably hands him $40 and says, please don't say a word to your mother. Very pleased. The boy is on his way to school the next day when he sees the mailman at his front door. The boy grids him by saying, I know the whole truth. The mailman drops the bag. Open his arms and says, then come give your father a big hug. Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day. 131. When are you going to hear from your friend Paul Harvey Jr. again? Certainly before the end of the year. Oh, sure. He isn't a band in us. Wouldn't that be a band of the band in us? Come on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6. I would be surprised because this half hour. Just a little bit, no, that he's okay. What are you wants to hear about him? Right? You're worried about his physical and mental health, more than mental. Nothing to get through that person. Right? Never stole a freight train. Two obsessed with Stan made you, though. Somebody kill me in, hello. I'm Camille. Yes, man. Hey, I think I've, I've, I've thought about that word that you've, you forgot. Camel Jockey and Sand Blank. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Okay, like I said, we need a lot fewer of women colors. Was it that great? Yeah, I am just trying to die today. What was that? What was that? He said the symbol. It was not worth mentioning. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8. I guess he's tried out to the guys. The guys we expected to be more on. Okay. When women call it generally, they got just a little bit, or not always, but most of them are a little more class, a little more common sense, a little something something, you know? That's why we used to respect women a little bit. Used to be an operative term, just tragic. 7, you kill me, and hello. Deal. Yes, sir. You have the village on your truck. Yes, we do. Okay, could I add for no-less guys to that, then? Oh, yeah. Okay. Why would you? You had a promo of a mode, mode, and the car alert. Do you guys still have that one? No one, the car alert? Yeah, it was a promo. Don't we call, Josh, you know what that? Maybe a day ago, maybe two days ago, you guys played it. With a promo, with an hour answering the phone, and it was the car alert on the other line. I'll be there. Okay. We'll do it on. All right. We'll dig into the archives. Anybody have any idea what he's telling about? No, we don't have that. Maybe that's the problem he wishes we had. Maybe they got it. Maybe creepy or creepy or creepy or he's got it. That could be. Well, I sure am going to share with you. No, I hope. WWE and hello, aren't willing anyway. Yeah, sure. We'll have to use that. We'll have to use that. Black people smell. Okay, good. He heard that. They probably smell you. WWE and hello. New God, the bed suit. Yes, sir. We're from Canada. Flashback to 2003, when all looked at everyone up into a friend, did he get to an occupier rack and pushed about to make the biggest military mistake in 2000 years. I was an additional leaf to fill Henry for these shorties at IOT. Yeah, I just wanted to know since then, since now it's been told to ask her, I just asked her to finally come back and apologize. Of course, if he was wrong, he'll be wrong. He'll be fine. What do you mean? Well, he called me about what Phil Henry has said. Has he done this? Call him up and beat you up. You won't forget you and I won't put you on the air. But what am I going to do? Yeah, a screw Phil Henry. What's the part of time? We got along and we had a good time. And back in the day and I did this. And I did a lifetime. They turned into real idiot. And he sold this hole to the right wing because he was on cheap channel. And therefore he's got no respect to mine. And in addition to which law me for all of this stuff happened with a raccoon with bush. Law me for that happened when I came to QAM. All I did was make one slightly critical thing where I said, I thought Phil was a lot of funnier when he was on IOT. We enjoyed him a lot more than now than he's syndicated. And boy, that got back to him and he would have thought I said, well, I he's the ugliest mother's scratcher that ever came down and had gone ahead. Whatever, you know, all I did was make a comment that I think most people agreed with that. You agreed? Yeah. What was that? I was trying to play to do it. Oh, yeah. No, okay, get rid of that. Okay. Yeah. And so this business is calling me hyperventilating about what Phil's there. And that's him. So get pissed off at him. Okay. I mean, we got our fish to fry. He said, we went about fill and we just sell out in a total phony. We found out what a phony was when I would he got sold a passion. That's when we found out what a turned-cote and phony lies through his teeth to me. Oh, they didn't drop for that meeting last night. They didn't drop. They found out they showed up and because they had Brian Cox lawsuit against and they wanted to keep his ass on a hook. And so they kept him and they sold away the whole rest of the deal because passive wouldn't take the station would have me and the dolphins. And that's the only reason by the way that they kept his ass on a hook is because they're Brian Cox had probably a gigantic massive lawsuit against him and IOD. And they wanted to keep his paycheck on a hook, which eventually they wanted a pan Brian Cox, which is really shocking. Isn't it? Yeah. But nevertheless. So I feel happy and I have gone our separate ways. And despite of the fact that shortly after we first came to QAM, one of the first things that I did on here was raised 20 grand for his charity with his CDs because he was no longer on here in the market. And he was strictly, that's before he was syndicated. He was only a KFI in LA and people wanted his CD. And so we made them available. We raised $20,000 for his LA charity, which had nothing to do with anybody in South Florida was running away kids in LA, which is a good charity. But yeah. And did we ever get a thank you for that? No, all we got was like a stab in a bag. So screw you for all, okay? Lose her. Somebody QAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What I do is, uh, I know it's thick and it sure I keep pennies in my car. Make sure that pennies in there when I get one, I just put it on the penny and I throw it out the window. I call him my booker pays. Really? Yeah. You know, something pennies are a nuisance and if the governments of Canada and the US were smart they'd stop making pennies. Most people have said that for a long time now. But if you didn't have that, you wouldn't be able to work with you. Probably have to do what I'm dying. That's why it has to be like, how to do it under my car like this. Like, like, you have to do it under my car. Like, like, you have to do it under my car. Yeah. And, uh, on the second one which we like, I'm going to battle a squirrel that's taking refuge in my roof. Okay. Good luck. Yeah, well, okay. Watch out for those squirrels man. Someone got rabbi. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna not. I'll show you a moment. Oh, I hope it's a good retina. More seriously. Yeah. You know, we have here that I've never seen anywhere else in my life and I really need looking all I'm sure that just is a rabbit and a nasty. I don't know. Is black squirrels. Okay. You ever see black squirrels? Probably. You know I'm talking about all kinds of squirrels up there in the north west. Yeah. Black squirrels. They're really neat looking things. But then again, to me see a bat is a rat with wings and a squirrel. What is a squirrel? Rat that can climb a rat with a fub or a rat with a fub or a fluffy tail. Yeah, well, fulophils. He's a fub. Hey, tough, quick concentrate on impolal balls. You fair idiot. Well he's he's cracking up in the pressure. I made the schedule on 20 different times. I did it. I did it. Poor stuff. You know we like to fill out and she really comes through in a clutch. She's the only one that really does anything for us at all. But other than that, he just... There's a said, there's a said computer chip there somewhere in the child's mind. You want to say what he says? I don't know. You know exactly what I'm saying. Somebody kill me in. Hello. Kill me in. Yes sir. Yes sir. Sounds like me. Hey, you know, let me ask you a question. Why not on the flag? Well this thing is going to a lot of use this, sorry. I thought he said it was going to be a question. That was a statement which we already know that. Five six seven. Five six seven. Oh five six. Five six. He pound five six and he Verizon and singing the wireless line. I guess this guy probably got tossed out. WQA and hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Hey, it's Matt from Boko. Yes sir. I'll be damned. I just wanted to throw something on for your polo. Yeah. She first creepers. That movie scared the living everything out of me and the ending was terrible. She has creepers. Yeah. Did you see it? No. That's a freaking movie. But at the end it ends badly. It's one of those one horror movies that you know ends badly normally. There's nothing like a horror movie that ends real bad. Yeah. And then open water just came out with the two people who went to the diving and stranded in the ocean. I want to go back ending too. Okay. Thanks, Paul. All right. How about Frankenstein? It's got a band ending. Why? But because he said it burns. It burns. Everything. Yeah. Although then of course, so we can tell me if you see this we had all those sequels Frankenstein and the lights that are Frankenstein. Right. Right. So how was that possible? I thought they'd burned them up. I thought they like torch the building. He was, uh, I didn't know. Well, remember in the, in the first sequel they should they kind of started with. Was the intro song called? I just want to be loved. Yeah. Sorry. Remember like in the son of Frankenstein, whatever the first sequel was, they start with the whole flaming window and you see that as everything's crashing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He gets out. Like the four gives away and he falls. I see. He gets out. I see. So now there's we suspended our suspended the beginning for the end of the first one. You just thought. And so now to say, oh, and he got out. Like always happens in the soap operas. At the end of the show on Friday, the heroes are like the edge of the cliff and like the cargo is over the cliff. Like like an movie a duel. Right. Although he didn't go over the edge. It was the truck went over the edge. That's such a good movie. You know, Steven Spielberg's, it feels birds before he became such a legend in his own mind. That was a really damn good movie. Dual. And we never saw the truck driver. Right. Right. Not that I can remember. I saw it a hundred years ago. Ghost is showing you crazy drivers out there. Don't be doing nothing of the Zarr flip it off. No truck driver or cut them off in traffic because they'll chase your ass down and kill your ass. I like the part where you're not going to hit him snakes. Yeah. Remember that he came driving up to that gas station and knocked down the phone booth and had a little lady. That trailer, trash or lady. Oh, don't mess with my stations. You can't all look at him in an injury. What is curl of her net just turned to hundreds. The option drive coverage. That's sad. That's what I guess I got to look forward to. I can start doing like Chuck, uh, Skipper Chuck this by this is Neil Rogers. Oh, it's five 16. I'm ready on the other day and got uncle Neil program. Whatever was it is. It's still me a thing. I've ever heard in my life. If the children were around, it's horrifying. I'm surprised as a producer. You let that go on the air. I've heard other complaints about it, even from the from the help there. I wish I rectify that and do something about it. No need to be taking guard's name and vain and it's classified women. Well, I put you in the management. Thank you very much. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoe sastons arise. But people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Garalarm now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. In a way from my portable bill, you're big and the ass. Remember when we used to post a packet terribly and if you want to get a bundle of the day space, the white ones are cooler. In a way from my portable bill, you're big and the ass. I am the ex-suspect, profanity like that. I say goodbye to God. In a way from my portable bill, you're big and the ass. In a way from my portable bill, you're big and the ass. Whenever some tests tries to steal my call, I feel safe as it goes to wish God name the eyes. In a way from my portable bill, you're big and the ass. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm now and receive a free flower antenna. In old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm, I will be able to do all zeros stories. You know, when you try to break into the car instead of those stupid alarms going off, nobody ever pays any attention to you know they just go on and it goes on. I can't remember. On 47, in that amazing, there's one where you can still play, huh? What the Oyson effects? That's going. I think next week, because it sounds so much like joy. But I was in Carla. A couple of nuggets from the past and that's another reason. It's so hard to get up to good stuff from the past. I just got a memo we can no longer say nuggets. In fact, maybe tomorrow we'll have a controversial show about nuggets? No, about colors from the past. Oh, when the handles. If we had a big butterfly net, could we do some damage, huh? Okay, how's that pull coming? One for today and then one for tomorrow and then one for next week is huh? Despite their denials, everyone loves to fart 234, and the show's the old chicken, 210, has sexual fantasies 142, Picks their nose 13, lies 95. No is W's goal to two elections in 2000, 2004, 79, and Joyce Poorno 78. This is the Neo Rogers 53. Cheats on their taxes 25, tickles the old taco 24, Tees in the shower 19. Why, I don't understand why you deny that. No, I don't deny it, but a lot of people do. Why would anybody deny it? There's a drain there and there's like water in there. That's your own piece, not like, you know, it's already touching you on the inside. She, I don't get that. Each their book is 18, smokes weed 12, loves garbage TV 12, Here's that 10, picks their butt 10, disgusting. I'm trying to think of somebody like so refined, like, Can we somebody very dignified? Oh, Dick Clark, he's dignified? Oh, by the way, he's vegetable, I don't think dead soon. Somebody else has picked it up. So that ball drop it down the years, either she has got to be Dick Clark's head. He's going to be dropping down the account time square in New Year's Eve. I want that big great, Dick Clark's head, what Dick Clark is dead. What do we hate him? How we turned on him? Fear is death 10, picture above 10, Luzes their ass gambling six and uses body wash six. Now, we know that there's still some people are to squeeze the old soap, and it's just, look, it's a free country to appoint. I mean, at least the present timing still do that. There are certain things you can still do, although probably not much longer, but nevertheless. And speaking of the war on terror, now yesterday we found out that we got like, Starting tomorrow, they're going to be relaxing and bring on what 14 switchblade knives and they ret on poker and a bunch of, because then we're more aware about suicide bombers. You can grow to the neighborhood. We've never had any suicide bombers in the U.S. We've only had people with box cutters and things like that. And you can't bring the box cutters, but you can bring like short knives and you can bring like, a sharp, sharp, for things. A samurai sword as long as it's shaved. And you can bring that machete on that O.J. used to kill the colon, Ron. So now here's part two of this. Officials that San Jose's airport say air travelers, we're here standing in long lines in security checkpoints. Soon we'll be able to buy their way into a high-tech express line as part of the federal government's effort to speed up screaming if the nation's airports. The cost is likely to be $80 per year for a passenger. The amount charged in a test program at Orlando, an applicant can be required to submit 10 fingerprints and photos of both eyes and pass a federal security threat assessment. The pay off spending a mere 14 seconds of an ID checking key-offs can set it as long as a half an hour in line. And who don't want to stand online. The TSA recently announced plans to establish a nationwide registered travel program by June, but has released no details. On Wednesday, Minnesota San Jose International Airport stepped to the front of the line announcing which rate launched the program within a month of approval by the Security Administration. For San Jose, our business travel community is a big part of our past year based at Marina Reneky, a San Jose airport spokeswoman. We visited Orlando and saw the benefit of it. We can't pass up the chance to do this here. To be one of the first airports to come to the offer. We just zip your right on to there. And of course, if you have another few knives and samurai swords, and now that's okay, so have no fear. We're not worried about knives and sharp objects, no mold. We're worried about suicide bombers, aren't we? Oh yeah, right. And of course, don't forget Jose Padilla. Who's probably going to get sent to Manila? What was he talking about to his fellow Pino? Remember the Filipino guy to call the other day? Yeah, what about him? He said he was the only straight guy in the Philippines. I'm not sure about him. You live in a 51 under pull. Now for tomorrow's pull, and a magnolia when I think of science. Lessons zero, vanilla sky, AI, artificial intelligence. Lord's it rings part one, Jacob's ladder. What is Jacob's ladder all about? Do you see it? Yeah, I tried to. Now I already knew what it was. What's it about? I think I saw that. Tim Robbins is dead, so the movie is just a whole bunch of just joined to divisions which are supposed to be like the memories of his life that's what he's thinking while he's dead. Or something. What he's thinking while he's dead? Sure. We're not on the other side, but yeah, maybe he's on the other side. Maybe he's thinking with his bones. Not only just a whole bunch of just joined, it seems that had nothing to do with each other, and then at the end you find out that he's dead. I see. Long for all that a cook who's nest, we were not happy with poor Jack Nicholson, but Mr. McMurphy, getting it. I wish to know that the nurse, Nürsen Ratchel would have got it. She almost did. That seemed to me as just I love it. I just absolutely love it. After Billy, but then we've been at kind of like it goes to the other side. And Nürsen Ratchel, she's ring around the neck. He had stopped stuttering after he got laid. And then we were going to rub him right. Yeah, I'm speaking clear. I'm telling you, but he just brought Vera in there. I think it'd have been taken care of in a few seconds, but then when Ratchel started on and again, then he started stuttering again. It would work for you a Joyce Kimber, and when you have to face the music man, that's what everybody said. And in fact, a lot of people go to go. What I mean? I mean, what I mean? Imagine the fall, where Brad Pitt, he has a fishing action and he dies. I shouldn't have told you that. That's sad. The village, what was the village about? I mean, they did it up. That cemetery village? No, I don't do it. The birds would tip me in when they'd drive off and the birds are like all up there in the full lines and the power lines like, oh, oh, not looking good. Heat, oh, they heat. Forget about them. Unbreakable, which according to the collar we learn. The illegal, also unacceptable and good fellows, which again, a true story, but a very sappy and surfer, unacceptable image. That means, the red suit on the left. That is, he's five, sixteen, two, eight. I like that guy. I always do it as he was to the board. I'd ride when you'd buy sixty-seven feet. It's day out! Do you know my amin' child? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'd buy sixty feet. It's day out! Do you know my amin' child? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'd buy sixty feet. Yeah, more having a day in your foot. What's the all this whole time of it is that it grows apart? Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson? Sure, it was a pop throw on the bus. My Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man, and played with balls in a major league of a children's game. I mean, I mean, come on, who's the more put up like community? Roses are pots or Jackie Robinson? Jackie Robinson was my hero. Why I can remember when I was a much younger man? He was working at the jack full of nuts. I walked up to him, took his hand to the dead, and said to the dead, you were. Like a new cup of coffee. I'd make it black. You think rose that made coffee, not heavily? What are you all about? I think what you're doing here. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. How are you a black man? Yes, I can't tell of it, I've owned it. Who did more put up black community? Rosa Parks. It's two separate things. What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism and not that I'm prejudiced. He must have been not disconnected through no fault of my own. From the early time, you'll want it a high thorns. You're still me telling Jackie Robinson this month would have happened. How many nuts? That's what I said to you. I think I'd be wrong here. It goes up like this. Who did more put up black community? Rosa Parks for Nitchie Russell. I don't understand what I'm saying. You're just gonna dig it out. The full day white and white. The full day white and white. Now who did more? Rosa Parks is a sloppy white. Who did more? Rosa Parks. Who did more? Rosa Parks. Rosa Parks. Rosa Parks. Rosa Parks. Rosa Parks. Rosa Parks. You! I'm gonna play my old tell joy. Bye, bye, bye!