Absolutely. I just live there alone in the shower. Here I see someone she's telling me to sit up. Women is age, but my name's McCode. Tom Cruise doesn't like her, I'm all of you. No. Did you sit Tom Cruise on O-Fell? Tom, the cats are grown on the floor. You're fair. Two men and a son and a father-daughter. Good staff and two ladies crazy for show. The moon. Tom Cruise is getting cold. And now he's gone on to the cage. Hold his. Two of the feet and women married to gold. Tom Cruise doesn't like her, I'm all of you. Now, Tyler's gone on to the cage. And Tom Cruise doesn't like her, I'm all of you. Yeah, he's getting kind of old and old and stale and moldy anyway. Let's just do it before we do the British stuff. We got to BBC here by the way you got to fair McGill? We don't know where to find it. It's at the moment that we need to give. The first is to stay where you are. Okay, I'm not going nowhere. Stay in right now, crawling to bed. Thousands, 72 votes on George's podium yesterday. How do you feel about the city being shut down for moving your team productions? What kind of a poll was that? They shut down. They shut down. They shut down 95. Yeah, and. But I mean, what kind of a poll is that? George. George is out sick today because God is punishing for yesterday's poll. Great as long as it doesn't affect me, 504, bunch of selfish typical self-order response, selfish selfish, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, that's all they care about is mean, mean. You're dead, right? You tell a mo. No mold is sweet, by the way. No mo mo. It's unacceptable shutting down the city 281. Unacceptable. Unbelievable. I'm all for it. It's good for the city 189. Find as long as it's for a good movie or TV show 98. But if it's for a bad movie or TV show, it's just a show that he's just to share with me. I don't know how many of you are. How pissed off we are. Anyway, it was so London is rug flexed. Plotions, as you know, in the Q. Four explorers and London's transport system of kill at least two people owned a dozen more in what UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said was an apparent terrorist attack. No kidding, Tony. Man, is he on top of it or what? What will a poll, guys? To make it right off the back, as we only have a two and a half hour show today. We got the Marlon pregame, short 1230. So I'm going to be reading lots and lots of bedtime stories all the whole time as a matter of a day. The only cause we're going to take is if they want to add some names to our list for the poll today. Which the poll is, and I figure it's vacation time, right? Most people are going on vacations now. So, a word of warning, a little word of warning to you. Okay, that's what we're trying to do. Don't go to any of these places which people hate like poison. A vacation place I visit, but would never go back to. And I mean never ever, of course, I voted for Niagara Falls because I had a really bad experience this last time, lost my ass and they're just a one-way street. If you know what's like, it's like taking your money and pouring it into like a vacuum. And then never go to come out again. You're on how you, when you go to the bank to the drive through. And they have that tube that you put your deposit in and put it in that thing. And you kind of wonder, where does it really go so that it winds up inside the bank? Have you ever wondered about that? No, not really. You have never wondered about that? You know where it goes. It goes through some kind of a tube. And it winds up inside with a cashier in there. But anyway, it's the same thing when you go to Niagara Falls. You just put your money, it was sticking in there and it just disappears. Oh, there's Tony Blair, a false surprise, of course, with the victims in that family. And then we see this response. Yeah, isn't it sad that all these four innocent Brexit dying because Tony Blair just got, you know, he went right along. Just the quizzling that he is with Bush with his illegal war. You know, damn well, as sure as I'm sitting with my fat ass right here, that if they wouldn't have gone into Iraq, that these people would still be alive today. At least 40 dead already. And we are pulled in a vacation place you visited, but would never go back Detroit, 22 excellent choice. Do not go anywhere near there. Don't go to Detroit. I mean, we can play those sick yellow WMotongingles. And reminisce about how great it used to be back in the day before the burn half the city. I do not go to Detroit. Do not think about going near. Don't try within like a long way. If we pack next week for one, the all start game. Is in Detroit? Yes, sir. Holy crap, rat man, that's bad. Los Angeles, 19. That's another excellent choice. Used to be a great all man. It was, it was, I can't even put into words how exciting it was. It was vibrant. It was great. And now, of course, all the signs are like in some oriental language. I don't know what happened there. LA plus crime, man. You, well, this is the only city I've ever been in my life where you the scent of crime, the fear. The feeling of fear, just crossing the street and two in the afternoon, you feel like somebody's going to love you. LA 19. Niagara Falls 12, do not go there. It's a clip joint. Paras six, too many French. Las Vegas five, London three, especially now after what happened in the year this morning. I'll, uh, Hamburg too. We don't go there. If you want to go to Germany, go to Berlin, go to, uh, Colon, go to somewhere. Do not go to Hamburg. It's boring. And Copenhagen, none. Which indicates to me that even none of you have ever been there or, uh, President, it was just there. Oh, there he is. There's self-indulgence. Yeah, how about? Did you see when the Blair was making the clip when he was making the original statement and they had all their charac was standing behind him and the other end. Bush was there. Look, look like a fish out of water. He looked like he was in Madame Two so as like he was in a wax museum. Stiff is a board. Anyway, a previously unknown group calling itself the group of al-Qaeda of G.H. had organization in Europe. Lade claimed the blast posting a statement on Islamist website a few hours after the explosion the claim could not be independently verified. More of a tell these were sure to follow it says. Emergency services personnel told CNN that arrest operation of King's cross station had successfully evacuated all survivors leaving dead below grounded in the double digits. One worker said he removed several bodies from the train at least 13 remained there. The fire brigade is now left the station. It was now a crime scene. U.S. law enforcement sources said the British government has said at least 40 people are dead. The British is more terrorist attacks than like I said. And this and people dying because their leaders are crazy people. I want to all the effort that George, what you would note. I want to talk that thing yesterday about the World Accord in the Bush on our website. My timing is so bad. Everybody's out of the town. There's nobody around. We just had to drop the B.D. curtain because the fastest change in law. We can't have any new pictures on there. We've got their shoe size and birthday and a specimen of their stool. We can't do anything. And so now that our website is like basically, you know, nobody's paying attention. We have the most important thing I've ever put on there. How many people do you think read that? Why not third man? So anyway in line with what happened in London, the Homeland Security Department asked authorities in major cities today for heightened vigilance of major transportation systems after that. The public with all of the major police officers and the citizens of the country. The government's spokesman Brian Rochaça. Sounds like a street in Germany, doesn't it? Brian Rochaça said, however, there were no immediate transferase nations threat level. We don't have any intelligence. He could have put the period there indicating this type of attack is planned in the US. The Homeland Security Department asked authorities in major cities for continued vigilance of their transportation systems and nations capital, and the suspicious passengers were being urged to report any suspicious activity about 1.2 million people in the Red Washington buses and trains. A police helicopter reportedly repeatedly circled the RFK stadium area. A major transportation have several bus stops in large commuter parking lots. Other major cities also heightened security on transit systems like LA, Chicago, Cleveland, instead of in cellar. There's another place you'll want to go all the way to the station by going on vacation. Cleveland, don't go there. Guess who died? You see who died? Who died? And you'll have no idea who was anyway, but the tremendous worldly brain that you got. By the way, Duff is running the board today, nice going, Duff. Thanks. Well, that's because George is home sick and the John O'S. He's doing more important stuff. He's a baseball in it today. He's balling it today with the marlins. So we're like an afterthought, as usual. Whatever we've got around, we've got to take operations managers sitting there running the board. You know, high paid guy like this and he's running the board in this major market radio station. And we used to be anyway. We used to be so damn good, you know? James Stockdale is dead 81. He's the one who said, who am I? And what am I doing here? I remember that? And we have the car through somewhere, but of course we can't read English. So James B Stockdale 81, returned Navy by Sad Maltiture and Thickure was her was an in Vietnamese activity. One of the middle of honor and later ran for Vice President died July 5th. Now, how do you like that? He died on what day was that? Tuesday, right? Tuesday. The same day my mother died last year. You think there's an omener? And his home in Colorado, they she was 91. He was only 81. A similar release by the Navy said he'd been suffering from Alzheimer's disease. This was a guy who was running for Vice President. No wonder he was saying, who am I? Embodding the virtues of both warrior and philosopher Admiral Stockdale and aviator, credited the tens of epic tedious. Can we say that? Better check with the joys. Epic tedious. One of the ancient stoics with helping him survive seven and a half years of a abuse is the highest ranking US Navy officer to be held captive in Vietnam. Now he's dead. So we don't really care who am I or whatever. Okay, all I want to say is let's get this over. That's what I want to say. That's just, is it bright through it and get it over? Don't you think? The guy's a good plan. Let me just pin in the ice classes. Oh Jamaica. Well, I don't teach you to go there in the first place. Okay, what do you go there for? I'm on. Crazy or what? Get your makeup on to pull you. You put the stuff on there. Oh, I got to figure that out. Okay. You know, I don't want to say that we're kind of like an afterthought today, but with Joshua baseball, I'm who's putting the bedtime stories on our website today. Is anybody working on that? Well, I'm sure he's doing that for a moment. Get out of here. Yama. Jamaica. All these people are keep on it. Oh, and the, I saw silence at Lanes last night. It was on cable and I just couldn't shut it off. And I never realized before because I didn't pay that much attention. Epic into the movie when he calls the movie. When he calls the oldy foster, you know, she gets the phone call. Okay. And she have thought for her, I had long after he hangs up in the dial tone as on there. And it's kind of like, like, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor. Yeah, I know what she can say. You see, the dial tone is blasting in her ear there. But anyway, you see him. He puts on that funky hat. And he's got a silly ass wig on. And it kind of like the one more used to wear it. Doctor, Doctor, Doctor. And he wanders and he leaves the, they speed up the, the motion. And it put the motion in his cansky this evening. And he's, and he's walking through this village. Obviously a, um, Caribbean place. I don't, I don't, I don't want to say it's like either Haiti or one of the islands. Right. You, you, I've already seen that. You paid that attention to that. Yeah, you can get it kind of like the lost himself in a middle of that crowd. You think he'd be a little bit conspicuous in the middle of that. So Jamaica will get on there as soon as Miguel figures out that. Also it says one here. Hopefully you can answer this. I live in Washington, D.C. And next Palm Beach, Calvian, Lannabuy, a satellite radio is Neil Rogers available now or via satellite. Oh, and if so, no, why do you have to buy a satellite radio when you can hear it right on your website on our website? Somebody's website right? Keep going. If he is not on satellite people will just be happening in the future. No. Absolutely not. No. And I, and I, and I, and I all I have to go is via your website. I don't see anything there. No. Well, if you're on our website, why don't you listen on our website, Rooney? And then he's got like full numbers. And I'm sure Duff will call you during the break and give you some advice. Call your word and out. He's looking on our website. Just click on words. His listen to the show. Rooney or whatever the head of your name is. Rodney. Mickey, whatever it is. Mickey, Rooney. Good. Got all mighty. No, I'm not going to be on satellite radio because the beast leaves pissed off Howard Stern. That's number one. Number two. My agent is who she is. Hey, Norma. 1013 at 560 WQAM. Hey, Roger. Good. Life ain't created. Palm Gildoff announces his most ambitious charity super concert ever. It's one hit, Loder A. More than 50 bands will take the stage to raise money, Boris. Plan the sales. Among those scheduled real beer. Exceeds, Mr. Futter. And without half scum, Christ, tell me where they're supposed to. The white fans coming to toe. All those eats from one hit, Loder A. Go directly to those who desperately need it. Like, not to Google. Thomas Goldie. Up, ah, man. Move like a modern English. And, stop trying to end the waves. Please, what hit wonders wonder where their next real is coming from. And now, you can help the programmers of the finalist. Fan-down ballet. Well, paper. Like, he goes to Hollywood. And, we go slowly himself. Sure, water. And hit wonder, mate. It's about music. It's about compassion. It's about helping vanilla ice. Find a new refrigerator. Watch to chill in. Hey, I guarantee it will help. This is many people in Africa as Bob Geldoff did, but that whole, uh, so we asked thing over the weekend. Do you think any people are eating right now who weren't eating eating before Saturday? Sure. Africa. I think I'm talking in a way. Two. It's what I think. Yeah, it sounded like that to me too. No, that's okay. You wouldn't know from Africa. There's no Cubans there. Well, actually, there are. In fact, maybe Castro wants to go back to the land goal again. It's a great spot. Well, speaking of Africa. And it's too bad George isn't here today. George is sick, okay. He's got the, uh, choices today. Circumcision may offer Africa aids hope procedure, linked to much lower rate of new HIV infections. Let me read that headline again. Circumcision may offer Africa aids hope. The procedure is linked to much lower rate of new HIV infections. Friends in South African AIDS researchers have called an early halt to a study with Altmail circumcision to reduce HIV infection. After initial results reportedly showed that men who had the procedure man who had the procedure dramatically lowered the risk of contracting the virus. How do you like that? Audiences circumcised slabs? Huh? God, no one of the world is in the shape it's in today. Would all that force get in hanging around? The study's preliminary results just closed Tuesday by the Wall Street urinal show that circumcision reduced the risk of contacting each other of the HIV by 70%. A level of protection far better than the 30% risk. Not 30 men. Set as a target for an AIDS vaccine. According to the newspaper account to study underway in orange farm township South Africa was stopped because the results were so favorable. It was deemed unethical to continue. See, I was going to say don't go to Bahamas or Jamaica or any place to care of being unless you're black. But even black people like African Americans, they don't want to go to either. You wonder why? Why? Because just like Euhulios, they all hate each other. Did you make incase American blacks and the Haitians hate to Jamaicans and, you know, an evil deal. Right? Okay. It happens to be true. I'm just telling you right now. Okay. So, anybody wants to go to those places? I mean, if you're Jamaican, go to Jamaica, man, have a, you know, roll up the newspaper, have a good dissimoke. But other than that, forget about it. And the Bahamas. Oh, brother. Now, let's see, we probably have some spot. Like I said, I love the Bahamas. Yeah, we love that. That's a, that's paradise, you know? Because I'm sure we got some spots on the ear for them. So, whatever we got, we loved the Bahamas. We just can't wait to go back. We went back to this. According to the newspaper, accounts, this study was stopped because the results were so favorable. It was deemed, on ethical to continue the trial after an early peak at data, showed that the young circumcised men were so much more likely to become infected. So, in other words, if we're doing this study and then turn out to be so, I'll, watch side it, that they figured, oh, this is embarrassing. All of them end in the study, been followed for a year and half, had been followed for the full 20 months called for the original study design, according to Wall Street Journal. Begun August 2002, the experiment is one of three closely-boss clinical trials in Africa that determine whether a scientific merits in early three doesn't less ridiculously controlled studies showing that circumcised men were much less likely to become HIV positive. How do you like that? So, instead of having, instead of having all those songs up there on Saturday and a weekend, they should just brought a moil up there on the stage. Would it sharp knife? Instead, we're going to have like 10,000 guys like this. We're going to put them on a banana boat and send them over to Africa like, you know, chop everybody off a little bit. That's right. George would be having a nervous breakdown about that because, you know, he's defending the independence of a lot. I can't help it if he's like barbaric and got that stuff hanging down there, you know. Just the way it is. Okay, maybe now this crowd, I wasn't going to take a lot of calls because we got, here's the line up, such as it is. We got Marlon Zondek, in 1230, the Broor's in town, and Marlon's pulled it out last night. Late into the, what was it, 1230? Yep. They pulled it out, went and down. Broor's had what have been embarrassing. Loose them again. But the Broor's will be there one, five to seven. Now, Vexia, they don't have one hell of a crowd there today. I don't know, there is the afternoon. And then Mad Dog follows the baseball game, Curtis and Troy, which rhymes with, at September, you might fall to buy the Ed Kaplan Show attendance or award winning QM line of such as it is. But anyway, Vexia, that we got a whole bunch of more cities and places that people visited that they would never go back to if they gave them like a thousand dollars spending money or whatever. I say, $605.60, and he Verizon singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. How are you doing? Good. Just wanted to tell him that the last team or silent for him, he didn't have money. Oh, it's in Bimini, why, toil ya? Yeah, he's in Bimini. Okay, thanks. He's in Bimini. How do you know that? Maybe we're recognizing other people like her. Are we supposed to know that? Maybe it's in credits. Oh, I doubt it. Or maybe just made it up. Well, in the special thanks there. WQAM, hello, that's true. Who am? Who are you doing? Bimini radio, yes sir. Hi, I'm Tomel. Hi, I'm Ben. That's time story that you just read about for confusion. There's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. You think there's any correlation between, of course, in my asking, is it more difficult to put a kind of on a fun circumcised member? Is there any relationship there, do you think? I'll tell you what, the staff knew I'll go on and do some experimentation to find out for it. 560, I'll do my personal research and pound five 60 of me Verizon, singular, wireless line. I wouldn't waste my time if George were there, but this whole business about forced can I realize that in Europe in most places you go in the world, that most of the many were well-mingled, majority of men are not circumcised. One good thing, the Catholic Church did, which I can't say too many, but one good thing they did, was they stole that idea from the Jews, you know, and the Muslims. Well, I don't know. I would ask Miguel because he would know and I certainly wouldn't ask anybody else. You're fair, Rick. WQAM, hello. Hey, Doc, you're fair! Hey! It's good to know, guys. Oh, man, am I second or what? Oh, yeah. 72AM, hello. You got, I guess you're speaking. Rick, I'm so glad that I'm tight. Yeah, me too. I have a case way too much. I took a little too much off the top. Yeah. I think the city, I didn't have a lulu. I'm going to tell you, if you want to stop me, it's for replacing the Cuban's of Japs. Okay. Not just people, the terrible city. So that's why it's wonderful, fantastic, eating like, but I tell you what, that's a lulu. I like it. I can't beat, but it's so crowded there. You can't even, it took me like an hour to drive from the airport to the hotel to just forget about it. That's nice time I'm going. Okay, thanks. Hallelujah. You got that? You got three. Do not go into makeup, Mom. Believe me, if you want some good weed come up here, go to a pancour. Go to Amsterdam. Norma, Ken's going to Amsterdam. Not soon enough though. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, hit Norma. You're fairie. And pound five, 60, leave a rise in singular redness line. I, I've, I've, I have the feeling, am I dreaming or what? I have the feeling like an out of body experience again today. Like this isn't like really a show. It's kind of like a dry run, like a walk through, you know what I mean? No. I mean, George isn't there in Miguel. I mean, and the Josh whatever his name is, he's not there. And we got this ball game come up and there's nobody in town. Now, hostage-rad to work here, be it is. It's like pretty, it's the same. It's the same as usual. Yeah. Get outta here. Well, except for school's up. Yeah. And you're telling me that most people are back in town now because the fourth of July is over. I think you're dreaming of only in sweet water. You're neck of the woods, right? You're people right. You're going anywhere. They don't go in there. I'm just like, and float there on a shoe. It's your way in, hello. It's your way in, hello. Near or what's up? Yes, sir. I would have to say Atlanta by far. You went there on vacation? Well, I got a wedding up there. And the Southern saying it was just horrible. Yeah, it's the Redneck heaven. Yeah, I can't wait till we burn it down again. Finally. Ha ha ha ha. Excellent idea. Let's get started. That was a good idea, you know? How's General Sherman doing? He's still around? 560, 1056, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Laws. Get it on there. That's a really peachy place. They got that peach tree street. It's an awful place. Anywhere in Georgia, do not go in Georgia, not go to Eintree, don't go to make in Don't Go to Savannah. All of it go off, is it? Where is it? Augusta, right? Where they have the Masters? See. And what's the other place? It's the first of all, Savannah. Georgia is a mug lump heaven man, it's just a grotesque. And of course, if you want to go to the sacred area, you're not going to go to the sacred area, and see your primes. It's still not too late. You can find those all over Georgia. Not that they're living in the past, or anything like that. You know, that trial that they had in Mississippi, that killing guy from the, killing of the civil rights workers. Uh, you know, this, that nothing has really changed there. I mean, they've changed some laws, and they try to like put on a good act. They're still the same bunch of mugs. They always were racist, hunky, cracker bastards is basically what they are. That's an each South for you. That's the USA. Only complaint I got here is man. We got some of the smelliest people. Where do these people come from besides India? Wow. I, I just, there was a guy sitting next to me at Woodbind near the, I'm an old guy. I swear to you, if he ever saw a bar of soap, he never touched it. He may have looked at it. Like he never took the wrapper off. I could be for you, he used it to support take the wrapper off, pal. In fact, I think he was probably using it to curry flavored body water. 206 after, I'm serious. I was swooning. Oh, geez. Please lose. Plenty didn't need ran away. Thank God. Oh. No, no, no, no, no, don't part in my car. Oh, no, no, no, no, don't part in my car. I wonder if we take a ride. Are you gonna get car safe, baby? Costs safe, baby. And if you're sleeping at two, me. Where you running on that baby. I'm not laughing, baby. I'm not like your easy easy. I'm getting crazy crazy. That last of really shut me. I'm about to toss my coffee. Don't get stuck behind that clock now. Or you're going to be up, chuck now. It's throwing things to get stuck. I can't you wait. Gotta eat this warm. I can't get for two to less to him. I'm living this man in my car, baby. Up now, baby. I'm looking to take the turn. In the far from the driver, baby. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not the perfect man. I'm not, I'm not the perfect man. I'm not, I'm not the perfect man. Ten thirty one twenty nine two eleven and five sixty w qm it's the Marlin pregame warm up show. I've twelve thirty you're going to hear it. That. Every time we do one of these early volumes, it's always give me if she's to play that. All the judges have said because it's not the original, it's not thin, Lizzy. Which you wouldn't know thin, Lizzy. What was that? What do you know? You're almost as bad as Josh. Busco, busco lies with police officer during bike ride. Did you see this? I heard that. Yeah. I think this was an oldman of things to come. President Bush collided with the British police officer during a bike ride last night. Suffering scrapes on his hands and arms that required bandaging, white house spokesman Scott McClullen said, boy, I sure got a bite my tongue will hard while I'm reading this, you know, until it's bleeding. The officer from the Streath Clyde Police Department in Scotland, I wonder if the police officer was wearing kills at the time. Was taken to a local hospital as a precaution. He didn't release death in a bad way, so he revealed no fractures in the full and said. Bush visited with the police officer for some time after the accident and asked what has physician doctor Richard Tubbe, demanded a risk situation at the hospital in the Cologne said. The president was expected to call the officer later and see how he'd be doing. Despite a steady way in and chilly temperatures, Bush and Abbott Mountainbiker went for a ride at the Glen Eagles Resort in Central Scotland, where he and other leaders of the group of 80 economic powers are beginning that two days summoned today. Lots of protests, lots of tourists are in that of course, that big episode in the queue in London today, at least 40 people that it's got to be a lot more than that. A lot of dead people, a lot of wounded and grotesque stuff going on. And that's because of the fine job that the Americans in British have done the fighting terrorism all over the world. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and even rise in the singular wireless lines. You see the way those phones are smoking off the hook, with all these vacation places that they're never going back to? Not? Well, it's not, it's not, maybe not be the most exciting, but it might be a, maybe that throttle cone in the cold and on Tuesday. And it's pulling, it's pulling. I have never, in Carl, I shouldn't say that because I understand why they're melting, you know, they're in South Florida. I understand why they're miserable and they're hateful and they're depressed and they're psychotic. I've just added, here's line nine, it's our only call, QAM hello. Hey Neil? Yes sir. I have a call in a long time, but I got to sign the new phone and that phone number is OJ's old phone number. Really? I have it on that way, I'm OJ's story days a matter of fact. It's really weird because that the guy says hey, it's OJ blah blah. What OJ you talking to? Wow, wow, how to get to, you know, get some good, pretty good drugs. Well, what I want to do is, is have, have changed my machine, the, the, the, the, the answering machine to, I kill the call. Okay, excellent idea. In fact, just the prank every recorder, I'll find it here somewhere. Let me tell some good time. I know it's in here. A kill in the call. There we go. And we got no J's story, it was a good lead in. See how everything kind of like fits together. Now that's a call and I don't want their calls right now. I'll take one. W2I, I'm hello. W2I. Yes sir. I live in Braward County, so I gotta say Miami. That is that maybe the winner? Yeah, that's beautiful. Miami, excellent choice. excellent choice and highly of the event one under two stick in both on there okay I'm not going back there anytime soon why would you who vacages it I asked a stupid question today is don't know it's a vacation place that's not an ordinary people and so forth Miami is I'm highly as a joke but Miami is certainly a vacation place Miami BTS Miami or my or in other words people go go to Miami on vacation you're dreaming man Of all people to be saying something I'll register some coming pink or comment like that There are people ago there why have no idea yeah, what does nothing in my M. I be? Yes, I was just gonna ask something very important to stop my mind. This is the last call or bought it to my little comeback A vacation place I visited but would never go back to is would never go back to Dave County again ever Somebody held a cut of my head gave me 4,000 cash. I wouldn't go back W to Q a M. Hello, I knew Roger speaking I have to comment about this most recent comment you made regarding his homeland security and such Yeah, you have some access to fake call. We weren't doing anything what would be happening sir Why does it sound like such a bad fake call Was somebody Q a M. Hello, Josh. I pray for your death every day I'm sure he's looking Josh isn't here today and he's called making death threats. How do you like that? Probably one of his old boyfriends. W 2 a M. Hello. Hey, I'm back How do you think Q a M? Hello? Hello, Neo. Yes, sir Hey, I'm a worker was the last place to give a delivery So I'm committed to spokesman for freedom all over the world. Yeah, good point Come on man Well, yeah, but we're showing reruns of the Jefferson's that's a start Okay, good luck your pal. Quickly again O. J Simpson's private life is once again involved the police did you see this story? See Police called O. J's mime home over domestic dispute and that's one of the tourists if you do come to Miami Maybe if you're listening right now you're a tourist in San Foto The first thing you ought to do is turn around and go back where you came from if you're smart But the second thing is like, you know when they go to Hollywood they go to the not Hollywood Florida But California they get the map to the stars homes, you know right but you can get the map to candle and you can find O. J's house Simpson was at a suburban Miami home with girlfriend Christie Prode on the fourth of July when he asked his neighbor Steve Doc and Dorf to come over and jump start produce car. This is from the channel for website so consider that Stories very on what happened next but Doc and Dorf called police and reported a fight Police responded but said nobody was arrested no charges will be filed. It was an accident but nobody got hurt Doc and Dorf said he called because Prode was beating him and Simpson I figured if I call the police at least he has a record He said he should have done that with Nicole back and Dorf said Wednesday Simpson couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday his lawyer Yale Galanter would not comment Doc and Dorf said Prode and Simpson who've had bumps in their relationship were already arguing when he came over bumps in their relationships and maybe if you underhade He said Prode took items in a bottle of vodka from Simpson and started to leave and when Simpson went to take it back She'd lunched at him ripping a necklace from his neck He said she shoved her awesome since then she had then attacked him She broke a chain off his neck four ounces of gold said Doc and Dorf Simpson did not touch Prode during the interference in the doc and Dorf said Prode did not dock And Dorf's earth new events. I never touched him. She said a doc and Dorf he lied the police Now who would you believe even though I think he'd just got here right Prode said the argument was between Doc and Dorf and herself and not Simpson She said Doc and Dorf wouldn't give her back the car keys and he told him to leave Doc and Dorf and Prode who have huge each other being on drugs agreed that the incident is history Oh not somebody on drugs at OJs house. How could we believe something so silly is that Prode said Wednesday that she and Simpson were laughing about it while Doc and Dorf speculated that in two weeks This will blow over they'll be back together. This is nothing new Little OJ we hate to like poison OJ and we wish you die a wicked death or at least tripping fall and break your neck while you're having over that Tert sign of the airport since they don't advertise on his station yet What have we got so far? Vacation place that I have a visitable would never go back never The try 34 and believe you me well deserved a Grow tests of human place Los Angeles 27 Niagara Falls 19 Paris 15 Jamaica 11 Mon Oh, what's wrong with Jamaica mine it's a good machine mine it's a good machine Oh my god What's that so my her evil a thought did you make her farewell was nothing to song stuff? Yes, down the way where the night's our game that was the lyrics and that song how do you like that? You're fairy anyway. Do you make 11 and am I right? Remember that song? What was it? I heard a real fun of banana both song Dayo They go right. I think we got a whole bunch of I'm sure we do in here somewhere I don't know what they're called they oh Yeah, I don't have time look for it. I'll during the break Jamaica 11 and last seven mommy six already we just put it on there. It's already got a six don't go there Don't go there if you take your life seriously London six or if you speak English Las Vegas six humberg two How Lulu's got one a Copa negative this event. It well They got a lot of seven eleven's here. I'll say that which we love seven eleven but they got a lot of them there every I don't know where that came from In between the last two times that was there The second time ago there were none and last time was it like last year every street court has got another seven eleven Which they got really good pizza in there. I know that sounds silly and they don't have pizza seven eleven in the USA No, or here but in a Copa negative and they got nice I don't know what that all that's all about Twenty-four eleven at five sixty w can't invite away Josh Shorakh you're wrong about The Brits in the the Finns. I guess he's never been to Amsterdam when he said that the Brits the only place worse so food is the was Finland Maybe only had the reindeer in Finland. They have some decent food there, but man Amsterdam. I got the world record You know it puts an ocean in the basket This is Debbie. Oh, I doubt me. I made the student getting through operations done okay and somebody contouring in some liposuction And I was wondering if it's in tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has met a best Said that he faced here for all of these things Those winter in more you like to start with well I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my My saying Okay, we don't do that no Did you do breast implants though? Can we don't? We're the lotion in the basket How much five thousand? Excellent. I like that my skin research is too There is a surgery Have the lens stop crying yet mommy? Excuse me don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction if I saw on TV Okay, can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first and then I'm on looking actually we can tell you that only to you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy? If you'd like to it works the lotion in the basket. Or should I make it a point in? Yes, okay There is a hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine Okay My name is buffer will bill okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. Thank you I promise you Much the lotion in the basket. I understand it puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation for the person? Not in the basket Okay Would you like to make it a point? May you want to call me back? Yeah, what's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the ball like I said Bill It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that would you like it? It puts the lotion in the basket Would you like to make it a point? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the trim okay It puts the lotion in the basket Hello It's 30 a.d. what's gas? Well, I read it in the link in Desire credit. I drove up in the hill. I want insurance and recall how it happened well The longest still gives me change What a weirdo follow my map of star house and say And what shop to see sitting on her front porch was Angelina going I want them like a murderer Hey, do I know you? I saw her hesitate She was a co-op on sort of work in length Oh It was too late Oh Roll the windows down Now she works my queen and Who blew my baby Who just looked with credit And I've got Angelina going In my basement I didn't think And I think I keep her there with me Hello And charge her red And I can't wait While I hold you on mine I hold the children That she likes the cement I need your pants back How on the floor life is With Angelina Jolie and my basement I'm staying out of here Watch get some bread eggs Follow her in my hands But I bet you give your message Well, then To heaven Jolie but your lead locks down in your basement I'm gonna press her My dog I'm gonna press her I'm punched in the pocket of the basket It's a 10 before 11 o'clock I can fly at 16 WQ or you I played that all of that stuff because I saw that again last night There were just certain movies when you come across them on cable and you just get hooked and you can't turn them off You're on sand Yes I like to godfather How many times in the last six months have I seen the godfather Godfather I think 3 in 5 British police told the Israeli embassy in London minutes before today's explosions they had received warnings of possible terror attacks in the city A senior Israeli official said oh Israeli finance minister Benjamin Netanyahu BB Netanyahu and planned to attend an economic conference in a hotel over the subway shop stop or one of the blast occurred That's the British queue subway and the warning prompted him to stand as hotel room instead government official said Foreign minister Sylvan Shalom said he wasn't aware of any Israeli casualties Just before the blast Scotland yard called the security officer with the Israeli embassy to say they received warnings of possible attacks the official said He didn't say what the British police made a link to the economic conference. They're still thinking about it The man's calling remember that Inspector Lostrad and insure like home movies while a scottle yard a ferretor like that no, what do they couldn't figure it out? The official spoke on television and anonymity because of the nature of position and because he wanted to still Things like that got some good news off for galley See, what do we have that for a pack on here again? Friday tomorrow afternoon two to four Because there's no mode is we don't know no no no no no no no no no today because we got the Marlon game So we got a lot of guilty on and I'm sure he's gonna be really hockey intensive. That should be good to do those numbers up But the good news for him is the voice of the panthers and a jailed deal done paper report The an insurance players association reach state tentative deal on it in fact we ought to check out what leaves TV right now Should me I'm actually there all over it like stink on Greg let's see let's take a look Number seven oh my god, it's fearless foster he would and a game from 150 years ago We don't hear about that crap foster what about on this channel the NHL channel They both hire We game between the Connects and the calorie flood the flavors from Calgary Don't you think that there ought to be like some human a cry about that name? You know the conucks as always this big Simus about the Cleveland Indians eat land of braves and FSU the cemeterals and all that crap that goes on what about the Conucks To me that was always kind of like a Prejorative term wasn't it like cracker you dumb cracker you redneck you he'll but and what about you silly ass conuck The NHL was pairs association reach state tentative deal on a new collective bargaining agreement that if finalized We didn't electy luck out the LA times reported they and they actually put it in English Not in Chinese or Vietnamese or Japanese or Korean There had been several reports that a deal was imminent And here's a picture of Gary Bentman. I still say he's a hooked no stereotypical idiot The newspaper setting anonymous sources post a negotiation said the agreement will feature a hard salary cap Link to 54% of league revenue a 24% rule back in existing contracts and qualifying officers Offers it'll also include a provision that limit the salary of any player to 20% of the team cap figure in any season Let's see 24% roll back in salary. Duff is probably thinking about that now the salary cap will be $37 million US and won't include medical and dental benefits and pension payments the times reports Details will be presented the NHL second committee in New York on Monday and players will meet to decide whether to improve the deal You better you silly ass bastards Under the new agreement or not whatever. I don't really care. Under the new agreement the league's all start able to be dropped next season and the players instead We'll be allowed to represent their home countries at the Toronto Limperson experiment war at the time said each to see they can't let go of that Olympic craft so they stopped the season And they scrapped the all-star game which is fine because it's a silly game anywhere is no checking There's this is you know 18 to 15 some of that. It's crap But they still have to go to that Olympic stuff so they can stop the season in midstream which is really stupid But at least they're consistent kind of like our management not good release consistent The new deal includes information under which 15% of each players pay check will go into an escrow account So whoever it was calculating after each season the paper said if league spending on salary is exceed 54% A revenue the difference between the salaries paid and the negotiated percentage will be paid a team from the escrow account If team spend less than 54% the escrow money will refer to players you can you write that down on your wrist? Oh, yeah There you go. The NHL became the first major postboard League in North America it allows an entire season due to a labor dispute because you've got green players and greeny owners and a bunch of Teams that shouldn't be in league in the first place like the Panthers for example I've got no business being in the NHL. I forgot that's right where they're home with the Panthers Is that deals done by the ways that it does deal? Yes, it is all right where the home of the Panther Back I said they're one of the 10 teams that should be in the league The lightning for Christ they said because they want to stand like up screw that and they had their moment of sunshine to help with them And I still say what do they got? How can they have that baseball team over there? That right there if anybody doubts what I've been saying for 15 years this expansion is green in a markets where It's not possible to have a baseball team in Tampa is a bunch of mugwants over there How many people what was the average attendance there would you say in Tampa? About 30 minutes baseball There's over now 30 30 you said about 30. No, we're near 30 30 people. I'm not talking about 30 thousand 13 thousand to be exact Is the average attendance this year? And that again is that again is the fake number that they put down keep that in mind So divide by four subtract 2000. That's the real number Drosh Curtis told me he was at a game over the early in the season and if it were I don't know what it was if there was like a thousand people in every set It was a lot including the usher's and the attendance and the people sell them a craft and stuff Unbelievable. Let's tap before and of course they got crystal and they had stake in shake long before we got it And they got down a tellers and they got a mons weeness and they got all kinds of good stuff over there And great them queuing food at the state and they got burn steak house So what does all that a boot? This is the new Roger show This is your blame Any questions? Boys Honey Oh I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. I'm going to the front of the door. It's 11.05.60. The WCM is squeaky himself. The voice of the panthers are right. He ought to be just dancing a Kazaski at home. I'll lift up a new frenzy. In fact, I'm not going to be talking about that a great show to the Fort Marauchanone. I don't get that number down a little bit. This one he thought wasn't possible. Anyway, if we had some bad news earlier about that the cue of our Explosions in London, and at least 40 people that are going to be a lot more than that over a thousand injured most of them very seriously. Al Qaeda and Iraq said in the website that today is killed Egypt stop envoy in Iraq. Posting a video of the blindfolded that I'd identify himself. Before the Iraq attack, I don't we call hearing about any terrorism in Iraq. Maybe I'm missing something. I don't we call hearing any news stories, reading anything, a stepping on anything. I said, hey, guess what? There's a bunch of terrorism going on in Iraq. We announced in the Al Qaeda in Iraq. What does that mean? We announced in the Al Qaeda in Iraq that the verdict of God against the ambassador of the Infidels, the ambassador of Egypt has been carried out. Thank God, a written statement in a web posting set. How do you like that? So now he's dead. I was going to take the one that landed dead. And it's a damn good thing that the virtually Americans are spending all of that time in money and putting all their soldiers, all their resources. Into our rack, which of course had nothing to do with terrorism. Nothing to do with 9-11. Nothing to do with Al Qaeda. Or Osama, Yama, how we do? We got him yet? How about Al Zarkawi? You go to Al? How we got Al yet? No. And what about Mula Bulah Omar? And all these other ones? And Al Zahar here. You got any of those people? I just mentioned these things in passing. I put on our website that documentary, like I said, my timing couldn't possibly be worse. I've got to know but he has watched that thing yet. Did you all talk about it yesterday? Do we know? I'm sure he did. I'm sure he leaned on it. Possibly. Maybe. So that's the problem. We have, and with all that respect to you guys, I'm not sure he's been there. Who's associated with his show? I feel like I'm like farting into a windstorm with all respect, Joyce. I let you hear how that would sound, but of course we can't do that, no more. But I just have that feeling. But anyway, on our website, on yourrogynous.com, it's the most important thing we ever put on there. I'm begging. I know you won't watch it. But at least I'm trying to do my part. It's the best documentary I've seen about this insanity. This bunch of madman fashes that are running the US today. And about this whole fully war in Iraq. It's all there for a laser right out there in front of your face. And about press god bushing his financial aid to Hitler and the Nazis. And how he used it in one of his Polish companies, used slave labor from the Polish concentration camp. That was granddaddy, baby. And that was only the beginning. The word according to Bush, it's on their part one, two, it's a two hour documentary. It was on the CBC, it last October. They repeated it Sunday night. I was lucky enough to find it. We stuck it on our website, Eric, but a lot of hard work into it. Is anybody watching it? No, now you got their new pictures on there anymore, Neil. God. Talk about desperate. But then again, we've done these appearances over the years. We've met a lot of you folks and we understand. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's desperate. A federal judge ordered New York Times, you've put a Judas Miller jail for content of court yesterday for refusing to testify to a grand jury. Investigating the leak of a CIA operative's name. She was taken into custody immediately of not sooner. How do you like that? That will teach her to sell out by the way on the war. She's another one. Even though this is not the appropriate reason to be putting a ring jail. But just for being part of the bankrupt media, I guess, that's good enough. Survey right, Judith. Bitch. Miller faces up to four months in jail. The length of time before the term of the federal grand jury in the case expires. We have to follow the law. He was District York Thomas Hogan said, no relation to the uncle John Hogan. If you were given a pass today, then the next person can say as a matter of principle, I won't have made a law because of the abortion issue or the election of a president or whatever. They could claim the high moral ground of it and we could descend into the anarchy. I thought we ever had that. Time magazine reporter Matthew Cooper also faced the old time with spirit confinement after agreed to testify. He was seen by the parliament. I wanted testify. I've got to hear somewhere. If you want to give me about a half hour to find it. Go for it. Now, Robert Cutner writes in a Boston Globe. I'm under his skin to my cutner. Use to play for her keen baseball team to think. Politics tends probosci league in most Americans with a brain which is about how many of us. We want to know why Bob Novak is in jail yet. You fascist, you piece of turd you. And that only that why are the editors of the Washington Post where so busy beating their chest about woodward and birdstand and water gait and deep throat all of that crap. How come they're not in jail? Because the outing of a CI operative is a federal crime. And all the newspapers that published that column from the Chicago sometimes the Washington Post there and whoever's responsible for that the editors and publishers they ought to be in jail right there with Bob Novak. They ought to be on death row for high crimes and treason and misdemeers. Robert Cutner writes and regal get off set because I'm going to read a column or two bad. Bozo. And not only that, but of course what does it have to do with Cuba? Something stinks to high heaven about sending New York Times reporter Judith Miller to jail. Miller refused to be trace sources she interviewed and tried to learn who leaked the name of a CI agent to consider it a punitive Robert Novak. You fascist, you Nazi bastard you, you liar. The backstory on July 12, 2003, Novak published a column in Washington Post blowing the cover of CI operative vowdery plane citing two high administration officials as his sources. Train's husband is former ambassador Joseph Wilson which if you watch the documentary, you'll understand the whole unraveling of that deal what they did to him or what they sweared him and out of his wife because that was payback for telling the truth about that. Yeah, okay, so you're reading him and that supposedly sought him bought from Niger when I never made any such deal. So you come back to the Western tell the truth. We're going to get you and your wife. How do you like that, Joe? Plains has been his former ambassador Joseph Wilson who had undertaken this secret mission. That's going to be a question to the CI to investigate what proved to be a fake story about the government of Niger providing nuclear material to Santa Jose. The Niger story figured prominently in Bush's justification for war and his disparagement of U.N. weapons inspectors including Hans Blitz by the way, even though it already have been disproven by Wilson's mission. Wilson now retired with so a poll that the administration's misuse of a discredited story that he went publicly with his information. Just like David came by the way, the weapons inspector who resigned that after they lied about his findings over there and Bush's last, the State of Union dress. The administration's leak to Novak outing Wilson's wife, plain was part of a clumsy campaign to discredit and punish Wilson. The administration line was that plain supposedly suggested Wilson for the Niger assignment, though that allocation has ever been confirmed. It is a felony for a public official to expose the identity of CIA agent. After Novak's column was published, Democrats and Congress demanded and got the administration name as special counsel to investigate the leak. Attorney General John Ashcroff recused himself. He is deputy named Chicago, U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald, supposedly a man of high-pricable and unblemished reputation, supposedly being the operative word. Fitzgerald interviewed many people. He ultimately went after two reporters with work from the story of who had leaked to Novak. They were Miller of the Times and Matt Cooper of Time magazine. Both now facing Jales, Miller's already there and the other one of course copped out as early as this week. This Thursday was written a couple days ago. Both are reviewed to discosources despite court orders obtained by Fitzgerald. The Times has stood behind Miller. Time Warner Management last week, Shinkley, caved in and turned over notes to the prosecutor. The Supreme Court has declined to review the case. But what about Novak? What about Novak? He obviously knows who leaked the name to him. Why is Miller, who never even wrote an article going to jail if anyone should be threatened with contempt and court in his bot Novak? There are only two possibilities. Either Novak did tell the prosecutor the names of the officials who leaked the name. And the prosecutor is going to go easy on them. Or Novak refused and the prosecutor is going to easy on Novak. Either explanation, weeks of favoritism, selective prosecution, cover up and both are unacceptable. One leading suspect of having leaked claims identity is the president's chief political advisor, Carl Roeve. Given how utterly macraviant Roevis readers who take press reports of Fitzgeralds, pristine independence and base value are touchingly naive. Given the states, you really think this administration would let adjusted to our unofficial, just pick some highly independent prosecutor launch a wide ranging probe. One that could let Novak a reliable administration totaly and the charming high officials, Novak talks to say Roeve or vice president Dictany. Nor was it an accident that this investigation rather than, in right away, stated that Dictany wasn't a Dictany last week who was told us about the insurgency was like, right there, right there and it's death row. So it was like any waning days, huh? It's waning over here. And everybody said, oh, who said that? Nor was it an accident that this investigation rather than fingering whoever is inside the administration broke the law by autoing salary. Plum is instead putting the squeeze on two news organizations that just happened to have been critical of the Bush administration time magazine in New York Times and by extension the entire press court, which is what they do the best. Intimidate. There is no federal press year law protecting the right of report is to protect sources. Those several states have such laws and the Supreme Court in the five to four decision back in 72 rejected the contention that the first amendment implicitly gives report to the community from betraying sources. As a result, reporters remain vulnerable to selective prosecutorial harassment in the past depresses taken big risks to pursue the public and truth in his rest of the prosecutors demand to be trace sources. Some prosecutors and judges have fraud lightly balancing the first amendment against other public imperatives, though others disdain the idea of journalists at privilege and some reporters of indeed serve jail time. This case is particularly outrageous because of partisan prosecutor is training his guns on the court because the whole affairs spells and politics and because the press as a whole has been far too intimidated instead of standing with the times in turning a bright spotlight on Fitzgerald and Bobby Novak. Bobby Novak best known for saying, not what he's best known for, not any more of course. I think he finally spurred us to pay the took that turkey off here. I think CNN is going out of business when that's a great let's hear it for CNN. Out of this. There's stick in that CNN international crap on here like in the middle of the day to get a good look at that. Judy Woodruff got, she made an exit and the bill Hummer. Hey Bill, how you doing? You're fairly quick, guys, that all of a sudden. No, whether or not this was suicide bombers or whether this was simply packages left on the bus and in the underground stations. See, they don't know that. You remember you asked me before the show about that Miguel about whether was like suicide bombers or related just packages, we're left to chew. Right. They don't know yet. They don't know nothing is matter. In fact, what part of the worst deal in this thing, just just like when the second tower wasn't evacuated on 9-11, the same kind of incompetence that were trained. Somebody trains that left the station after the first bombs went off. When you were thought that they would have said, hey, everybody stop all the trains and get everybody off. When you thought that? No. Just like they would have evacuated all of the second tower, the World Trade Center, instead of saying, oh, well, it's under control. Everybody go back. Right. They are really doing this for us. Problem in it's after 11, but you actually look, I'm talking like, eshto duty here because we're going to have an hour or 20 minutes before that Marlon free game show. That is going to be quite a do the agonist. Do you believe me? No. Oh, yeah. It's pivotal. So let's see, what are Washington do last night today? They were losing 4-3 when I watched it. They lost. So the Marlins are 7-out. Sam started to pay some of the serious attention. I was going to be like, I'll start break close to it. I'm starting to get a little bit on that baseball band. We're going to play with nothing else going on. It's pretty boring. summertime blues. They still have a shot. I should. We got a shot, baby. Washington's playing really good. They're like 18 or 19 games over 500. Who would have thought, huh? As people ought to be shot say, who would have function? And I do want to shoot anybody. They can't say that. I can't stand that. And they're broadcast. They're malproctor. They're main. Now there's a guy. How come when he was available? The Marlins get this rich wall sky who's like one step out of the cherry shiver. They ought to get him a few feeding tube or something. A dead man in a chair. And he watched in Nationals. They get malproctor. He just tremendous. Excellent. But nevertheless, what do we know? It's 11.13 at 5.60 WQA. And for you. The radio is worth a few more. You and I. Got my car. I've been got back. Got the turn out. You need to take care. Got to get home on a goodbye. Oh, my God. All of me blind. You're stupid. Twenty bucks would do it. Now it takes 15. I'm ready to search through it. All this gathering. We're treated in music. I've got no cash. I spend it all again. I can't believe you're like that, my God. You can't do that. You gotta make it last. I got cash. You're so low. Great scent. You can't need to. So. 11.13 at QA. What's with all those lines flashing all this sudden? I haven't been paying any attention because I got like a nation they heard today. WQA. Hello. I'll try to move. WQA. Hello. Yes, sir. For the past five. Years at the Navy. Breakfast at 7.11. And lunch at McDonald's. Yeah, okay. Congratulations. WQA. Hello. See, I knew that these clothes were going to be good. Any harm to you? Great. Never better. The sun is shining in the sky as clear as a great day in Paradise. Yeah, and you're right to tell. Listen. So, even though that is not being purchased, it's just easily built. First of QA, the first of QA. But the thing is that he's already still the being. He was one of the first ones to testify. So, I think what they're trying to do is corroborate what he said. You know? Because I'm sure he, he, he, he ran out of anybody. Because that guy, that I think he wants to do the jail. Yeah. Okay. Have a good time with him and you're all telling you that. Oh, they should. I even, kill that. I'll even do something just to get him in. He's the hell out of this. I call a couple of days ago and I kind of finish I George from playing music. But I didn't mean this that way because he's, what I like is when he caught, you know, when he's just about relating to stuff like that. But when he plays that way, he'll apologize for ripping at the crafty place on here. I understand. But today, you know, I don't interfere. I let him do whatever he wants because I appreciate the fact that I don't have to work all those days. So, if he wants to like go move it with a lot for four hours. What do I care? That's great. I don't think I've got that juicing toast and I'm letting the speech and put on a. It's really not a question. These are the, that he's talking about. We're saying, where is this myth that because we're here. So I'm a guy who has a Spanish people that this is fever about baseball. These people do not care about that. Well, let me ask you about what is your ethnic background? You sound Hispanic to me. Oh, wow. Well, that's a whole horse of a different color. No. And we look nice of it. I don't say that. And the Dominican Republic does love baseball. We have more food than any of that in the middle. But let me ask you this. If you're so much into the baseballs, how come all those usual associations? So I'm. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll see you in the, with the Hannibal Lecter, probably. See, I told you that that place was in the Bahamas, you could see by the rampant poverty in the squaller. Oh, come to the Bahamas and plumb your guts out. Oh, you know something the way things have been going lately. Maybe it's not a bad idea. Our good friend Sean sends me some pools here. Thank you, Sean. Oh, shoot, who should have retired sooner? I'm surely going to put. They'll come. Hey, on that. Believe me. Well, I think that with all these rumors I'm hearing about the other place being sold. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 may be Verizon, singular wireless lines. Nothing good people more whipped up in this business and say, oh, the station being sold. And any station like Exxon, Mobile, Amico, and all of a sudden, you know, he used to be vested that pity-lany. Air week two, three days yet another story about we were being sold at this one to see the eyes that I've ever done? Yes. Air week. Air week other day another story. Hey, Penny, you jackass, you... You're fairery. WQAM, hello. Good one. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. You can go more whipped up. WQAM, hello. I got the word. I had to go to a business meeting in sync. The word's one? City, Lewis. Oh, yeah, that's a toilet. That's a dump. It's a worst place I've ever been at. Okay, we'll get it on there. Thanks to you. Don't anybody go to St. Louis? I can't imagine what anybody would go on vacation to St. Louis for, though. Can you? Go and see the Cardinals. Cardinals are right hot. Cardinals in a white sauce, baby. That's where it's at. And then in the next, the Washington Nets. Yeah, and St. Louis is the humidity. There's 140% that's like only in the middle of June, forget about now. And the mosquitoes, there's big as bowling balls. That is a nasty ass play. St. Louis. Line 9, 2 AM, hello. Yes, Neil. This new speed? Yes, it is. Good morning, how are you? I'm great. Yes, I have a comment to make on this recent attacks on London, no wonder if you coincide with me on this. Melville, my personal, I personally, this is my personal belief. And I'm probably going to get. How did by the whole one secured here? I think it's from within like I've heard on your station before. I think the enemy is from within. I think this might be a. It's bottom line. It could be conspiracy theory. You might think I'm crazy, but I honestly believe it is. The drum up support for. Well, this isn't going to drum up any support. What are you talking about? I mean, 9-11. Sure. There's. How is it going to drum up support for what? It'll drum up support for bushes, operations in the Middle East. Absolutely not. Why not? Because because there's going to be a lot more spotlight on the fact that we've been wasting, spinning all of our wheels in Iraq. While the real tier, Ristar, still on the loose and we haven't done a day any kind of a job in getting the masterminds of all these attacks. I don't see how it's going to drop a drum up any support. Well, because it'll be. There's a bunch more innocent dead people. I'll tell you why. Another reason it'll drum up. It drums up fear, Mr. Rogers. Well, there's no pressure on our fed here. That's the whole game plan is to keep the people scared. They know quite a lot. Yeah. The fear's very powerful. I honestly believe that now. My right wing friend think I'm crazy. But. Well, if you have right wing friends, maybe you are. Good luck to us, Pelle. Hang in there. See, I'm one of those people call me a hard ass. Come me with every lottery, a whole ass. I don't care. But I just, I do not associate with people who are like these real right wing rabbit crazy people. I just like George always says, I get nervous around crazy people. Which is one of the good reasons that I'm not in that building anymore. 560560 pound 560 and he Verizon, not to mention any names in singular wireless lines. WDQA and hello. Hey, you want to say how you do it? Great. Great. Neil, listen, I heard you this morning about the silence of the Williams. Yeah. At the end of that show, that street that he's walking on. That's the only street to some of the islands. That's that is dimmony. No. Are you the Bahamas? Yes, sir. Oh, Brian. In some other words, I was right again, huh? Yes, sir. And for O.J. on the scandal, there's a fake worsen that may he move next to order There you go. Check that out. Good like a time up in a broom closet and just play this fucking clockwork orange. Okay. Thai O.J. on a broom closet. Put that on real real loud. Yeah. 26 past 11 if I only an hour away from. Oh, man. What was baseball? That works. Oh, no. What the is the book coming out? Two by the 27th. The 27th. Well, let's see. What the week would that be? Days the 7th to 14th to 21st to 28th Wednesday. I think you should cover the work special that day for Wednesday. It's not us now. In fact, maybe I'll take off that Thursday too. Now that I'm thinking about it. What are shame too? Because I think the 29th starts my vacation. So I'm thinking right now. Let's see. I could actually. What day is it to 27th? Let me work on that. 26th. What? I just don't think I want to be there for this book. If you catch my drift. I think it's going to be a real barn. That's a good thing. Did I say 11.26 in the ball game is just to pre game show is only an hour and four minutes away. Now let me just address this to you people. I think I can't get to watch that documentary. The word according to Bush cause it's so damn long. Liger listed the Marlins game on QM is it televised game to there. Not or shouldn't we say it's probably televised. Oh damn it. Well why you're listening to the game on QM? Sit about your computer because you can easily do that unless you go into a coma. Listen to Dave. But every now and then that voice will come on. I don't know what to do up again. So it's like a good balance there. It's like the Yin and Yang. We got Dave and boring. But then we got Foxy Rossy man who squeaks you back to the wakie again. Why do you do that? Watch this thing please. Please. You won't. But I'm I'm I'm begging. 27 after low in at five sixty wqm the air is what people are saying about baby scenes mysterious new drama. What is with the people on the island? The dead guy comes back to life. But I don't have a wheelchair to suddenly walk. Yeah and don't forget the kid's not girl who's reappears out of nowhere. Everyone was back. Oh that's the polar bear. Polar bear. This is a tropical island. Or maybe it's not because it's not just the passengers who are lost. It's everyone who watches the show. Don't only people have no serious secrets. Everyone is so good looking. You forgot the fact guy. Now yeah. Hey. What if he's a per van? What if the polar bear is a hallucination? Or a flashback or a hallucination? But the hallucinations when you're such a lost is everyone else. What is the answer talking about? He could be a hallucination or a flashback. You're both more. I'm the polar bear. Funny until no man. I'm telling you we better speed it up. There's a El Presidente. He's standing behind Tony Blair looking like a mannequin and mad him to so. What if you've been alive? There you go. Well that goes the cable. This is what is that? Right. Oh here it goes. That's my cable for a minute. Your cable went out. It's not stormed. Because we got that ball game coming up. Report I had was that it just fine as GI wine. I don't know. Let me look up the window. Go to the window. See what is like. Beautiful outside. It's beautiful man. Get out of the ball. Go out there and kill a couple of hours. Okay. And some of them marginal hot dogs. Have some of that marginal food at the stadium. Oh sorry. It's great. We love it. Little Kim sends to a year and I can't believe that they took the car. Velao. Was that a true story? Did somebody forget the outcome of that? I don't know. You're coming up again. We had a discussion about that. What they we need is a cold storm. Creamy there. Just don't get the cake batter ice cream because any of you can all over the first baseline. What happened was sponsor's changed. Yeah. So what I'm thinking they got in there now. Eat these. Okay. Send. Let's get. Oh. Eat these. Wow. I thought you said they had ice cream. Little Kim sends to a year and a day in prison. $50,000 fine for line to grand jury. That'll teach that bitch. Grammy winning rapper. Little Kim was sentenced yesterday to a year and a day in prison. $50,000 for line to a federal grand jury to protect friends involved in a 2001 shootout outside a man in a head radio station. This whole idea about gangster rap. I was sitting on the throne the other day and of course when you're on the throne you start your mind starts racing and all kinds of directions mostly downhill. But I start thinking about this whole concept of the media legitimizing gangster rap. Well, what is that? You know, I mean suppose like Steve Lawrence and E.D. were made. We're singing records for 50 years ago about killing people. Not like shooting. And then what you call progress? No time. And those songs about killing people. I don't think so. Oh, no. Oh, look what happened to Marvin Gaye. She had a less that'll teach him to be gay. While many rappers have served time in prison. Little Kim is the first victim in female to do so. She's in the Iraq. Little Kim was really mischimply Jones. Could have gotten up to 20 years. $5 years each time. $3,000 per jury. Look how to conspiracy their sensing before he was discharged to our lunch. She was convicted of the charges in March. You're in a day in prison at 50 grand in chaos. Small potatoes. Speaking of small potatoes, it was a big ass. Judge gives Limbaugh medical records to investigators. But Judge yesterday gave some of our wrestling balls medical records to prosecutors. Allowing their long-stall investigation into whether they conservative commentator, the hypocrite to phony baloney pill popping right wing Jackass, illegally purchased pink colored to move forward. Circuit court judge Thomas Varkdall of Tured also returned some of Limbaugh's records to his attorney Roy Blank. Like headard, you'd let the judge live into records. Prosecutors can review because they contain privilege. Even embarrassing details about medical procedures. Symptoms and other issues that were a lot of an incredible investigation. Now, what could that possibly be all about? Embarrassing. This is Rush Limbaugh. The second of humanity talks so host, Tameroid Suffer. Folks, we're going to talk with 300 pounds. I know the aggravating of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. With new preparation Rush and my Rush to excellence depositories, may you give end to payment, if you're in a hemorrhaggle tissue, just for my picture on the box of depositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIB. The old beast today in broad castrying of a work. Did that man say you? I think you did. Papa, how about a more Rush? You have phony, you think you're pointing hypocrite, man. There's nothing worse than a hypocrite. Especially a right wing hypocrite, but I apologize for my redundancy. After hearing yesterday, Black City believed the records given to the Palm Beach County State attorney's orifice would not support a criminal charge against this client. Limbaugh's maintain his innocence throughout the investigation, which became public in November 2003, after investigating his use of search warrant to seize his medical records. The records show that Mr. Limbaugh received legitimate medical treatment for legitimate medical reasons Black said in this statement. Prosecutors have said the records approved that Limbaugh engaged in doctor shopping, or illegally deceiving multiple doctors to receive overlapping prescriptions. The review of those records now goes forward in earnest, in earnest, despite the many efforts to the early investigation of the past 19 months, the state attorney's orifice said yesterday in this statement. The records are made seals since the vet investigated a season in 2003. Limbaugh lost at the circuit in a public court levels, and the Florida Supreme Court declined to hear the case. But as appeals successfully put up the investigation for more than 19 months, while his hearing came back. Remember they actually had to do an operation like open up his eardrums again, because he would like all the colors. What is it? And at a course that we find out the acetylcontin, one of the side effects on top of all of M. Pills is that I'll lost it here unless it has been a coincidence, wouldn't you think? What? Prosecutors seized the medical records after we're in that Limbaugh, and the two thousand painkillers from four doctors and six months at Palm Beach, Pharmacine, or his ocean front mansion. On Wednesday, Black said, I'm so on now! On Wednesday, Black said only 1863 of the Pills, Limbaugh received were painkillers, and they were to be taken over a period of 2017 days, which equals the lawful, those averaging out to more than just eight pills a day. Limbaugh's accused Palm Beach County State attorney very crucial, a Democrat of a fishing expedition that's politically motivated. Limbaugh now has been a addition to pain medication, attributing it to severe back pain, and took a five week leave from his afternoon radio show and re-head an October 2003, not long enough. Lyr, lunatics, maniac. But here's some good news. And while I'm essentially good news, too, the fact that the adjudices, the records are out. Here's what I mean, better news. The Kentucky judge has previously approved the largest payout yet, and the US Catholic Church of New Scotland, all right. In Kentucky, I guess, the few that priests got lucky in Kentucky, huh? Sound like it. And there's a couple of other words that go along with that, but joy certainly would not approve. The settlement between the Dinesis and the State and Unknown Number of Sexual Abuse victims amounts to a record $120 million. Those of you suffer is that keep going to church on Sunday and put your money in the plate. This is what you're subsidizing. You're paying off for all of these child molesting priests. That's what you're subsidizing. The most corrupt institution on the face of the globe. The class action suit accused the church of covering up child abuse by priests and others over 50 years. The scandalous custody church more than a billion dollars in payouts since 1959. More than a billion. You know, it's really interesting. All those people sing it at that big live-aid crack over the weekend. Try to raise the attention of the G8 in the this eight, and everybody else eight, eat in over there in Africa, and to try to help raise a few people. There's a billion dollars that the Catholic church could have to help starving people in Africa. We're by the way, they're very busy brainwashing people. About not using condoms and not the birth control settlement. Helping to make sure that a lot more people die. In the Kentucky case, the Dinesis and Covington will have to make $40 million available immediately from its assets. If the payout is confirmed by the judge John W. Potter, the hearing said for January, the Dinesis is selling insurance companies so they're meaning $80 million. And that lovely, they're showing the insurance companies. One of the plaintiffs in court was Richard Lilux 63, who said it was first molested in 1957. I can't imagine anything better from our point of view. He said it was almost ascribe as an attempt to root out a very grotesque cancer that's been eating at the Dinesis for years and years. The judge has ordered attorneys to determine exactly how many people qualify for compensation. Fictons have until November to file claims and could be entitled towards between $5,050,000 depending on the severity of their ordeal. Last year, a poor commission by the church said more than 4,000 US Roman Catholic priests had faced sexual abuse in allegations of the last 50 years, in case involving more than 10,000 children, mostly boys. Mostly little boys. I'd be like that. I wonder if Miss Kamala is a cantilever? What comes with a secret spell? It makes real Roger's eologars and Demis. What's for you five-six years? She's like, yeah. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No, she is the greatest singer of the world as a home-born. And now she has created the greatest fragrance the world will ever smell. Sending perfume. Hello, this year is the Leendio and my older will go on, yes? If you have a desire to smell like Celine Dion after she sweats on stage for three hours, now you can't wait to say, you can't. I can still draw and that's the modernity of my perfume. Celine perfume is sent to a thing that makes about as much sense as her English. Oh, good, it smells, not inspired by her music. I need perfume. Is the Titanic audio for the beauty who wants to smell like a fish? So, Ron, don't want it for my perfume to the store. You should go, yes? Celine, don't feel free. When it's over to a celebrity brand, the extension built up, I think. This one, really is demons. Like my music. Exactly. Couldn't have said it by a wee wee. And I'm always not quite that, because here's the fact that says, Celine Dion was booed loudly during her live eight-sit and very candid, because she failed to perform on stage live. And instead, being here for performance, I said life from Las Vegas where she plays nightly at Caesar's Palace. Concert co-host Anne Acquired had to beg the crowd to stop booing her, taking the stage and saying, no, no, be proud of Celine Dion. She's here to help and entertain us. She's working hard. Right. We hate you, Celine. I didn't actually get to see it. It said, but the idea of Anne Acquired begging people to stop doing Celine Dion is one of the greatest things I can imagine just thinking it makes me pee my pants in delight. Actually, I'm just pee my pants, but I figured it's good one. Excellent. If you like that, facts, wait ten years next one. I did you tell Duff that you shared with this other class with Duff? No, not yet. No. When you were here about this, you better grasp the end of that scene very tightly now. Okay. Which is he both on? I'm glad I got it. Let me preface it because you've had this ongoing mystery. Two and which for last couple of months, which is a bit of source of some distraction and aggravation in irritation because there are certain people who are just aggravating and entertaining and irritating. By the way, it's chopped off there at the end, but it's day freedmen because you can tell by the head or on his face. So we're out of debate, you know who it is. Uh-huh. Dernial. I would like to admit my guilt. It was me all along. And as if their lately has been any doubt about that. It was me all along. There was no lie or Duff. Fat boy or Peter Leonard. Just me. This is how the whole of Antransparent in a nutshell. I was listening as I had been for nearly 25 years. You said something that pissed me off. So since you were no longer reading my classes, I decided to go on to run a suitman. You were stressed the true feeling about you by the staff at QAM. Not Jeff High. Anyway, Jeff High, and then this course comes on the heels. A fat boy making this mysterious appearance in there and I've once put twice this morning before the show. Which thank goodness I haven't heard that that cackle on a long long time. That fat piece of turd. It says, yes, I have nothing to do with the force. It was only me until the end, but Jeff told me about your haircut when he ran into you in the elevator. If he ran into me in the elevator, I would have been like her woksim all over again. If he ran into anybody. If he ran into Maddie Bell would be at least like a small atomic bomb. Then here comes the best part. Jeff wants to be your friend. No. And blame me for the fact you no longer work from the station. No. Is your regrets, your friend? No. Dave Friedman. Is that chopped off on just my fast? I think that's the way it came in. No, I have a doctor. The, as in Dave, as if we don't know who that is. How do you like that, tough? Pretty good. Jeff wants to be your friend. No, well no thanks. No, I'll pass out. Okay. Just stand out of our studio. Stay to hell away. Okay. You're still the same fat piece of turd. And we don't want you anywhere around. And you don't want me to like poison towards you. I hate you, McGill, he. He even duck hate you, but he won't say it, Right. Yeah. That was excellent. That was a real, that was a moment, Right there. That was special. How do you like that, Fatgo? You don't sell this your anyway. So, it was quick.�. Put half of an iron. Do you think of it if you don't sell this your anyway? So quick, how about a cycle of that kind of kind of your canal? relationship. Twist it. I can only wonder what the two of them are doing. What fat boys do with that cane? Tim and his buddy. Clap them. A latent. O speak in that latent. A latent but growing was that man in a rubah have become evident for the first time and more than 200 people. I don't know why I'm eating this to my God. So much other stuff. I've got a half hour to go. But everybody in the media is getting this is the story. Do you sure we're all supposed to care about this about bitch that disappeared in a rubah and get forget about the cheue and we're more about a rubah. Even though we just had this go test. Oh there's kind of Lisa who says. Yeah okay. No comment boy. I know what I'm thinking though. Wow. Maybe she could take a ride on the old cheue. A latent but growing was that man in a rubah became evident for the first time more than 200 people. Some wrapped in a rubin flags. So there were in sense by statements made by the mother of a missing American teen. Those assembled outside the colonial courthouse in this curvy in capital. What is it? Orngested? Is that any of the joint? Orngested? I told you people don't go to the Caribbean. All right. If somebody should've told that bitch too and then we wouldn't have all this contra dumps going on. People said they fear their tiny allination is falsely being portrayed as not to be enough to find that way. The Alabama girl of Venice made 30. Not puriment. One of graduation trips with her high school class. Two brothers, Deepak Calpaux 21 and Satish Calpaux 18, who would have been held the suspects released money for lack of evidence. And a brief and tearful statement two day. I then think it was a fact that she was spastic. May do you see that thing? The mother? Like that. Like that. Like a maniac. That's how the way to die. I wonder if she's kind of conway to die. No. Sounds kind of schmitty. That's how the way to die. Natalie's mother accused the rubah of letting guilty people free. Two suspects, Satish, who released yesterday, who were involved in a violent crime against my daughter. She said, these criminals are not only being allowed to walk around among the tourists and citizens of a rubah, but there were no limits on where they could go. The protests just took umbridge with those statements. Respect our ducks laws that go home right one time. Innocent until proven guilty read another. Once suggested the missing girl might not be dead but partying in Brazil and nearby Venezuela. There were complaints that some American television coverage unfairly depicted the island which depends overwhelmingly on tourism and is being crime and drugred. So poverty is widespread in the Caribbean. A rubah hasn't unemployment rate less than 1%. And what are the higher standards of living? It's not like, Bimini. Oh man, what a dump that and NASA. You ever been in a NASA? Yes. I'm not talking about the casino part. I'm talking about like downtown NASA. You ever been in there? Yep. You're going back? Okay. I love the home. How come I haven't put that on this? I haven't been talking about the pool too much. We don't have time. It's not real sexy pool. I'm sure that broad day called Tuesday. How is Polar's so boring? That is boring as you honey. Well, they got 267 votes. Obviously, they don't care about the pool. That's all right. But put that to Bahamas on there. Or put an asshole. That's the more Pacific. Okay? Can an asshole? Because we don't want to fist off our friends and report. A vacation price I visited, but would never go back to is Detroit. Fifty. The motor city. Well, those are the days, man. I'm just sick. See you. Yeah. No more. No more. What's that? Dallas. Oh, geez. You want to go back there? You're only people who go to Dallas want to go to the Texas School Book Depository, which is now a museum. And they go up there and they buy all the government propaganda in the war commission. See where Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy and stuff like that. I went. Anyway. Yes? I went. Yeah. Was it fine? Come on. Oh, you went to the school book depository. I absolutely did. And. Oh, it's. It's. It's so historic. I made a course ahead of go. Well, so is Niagara Falls. You're going there too. Don't go back. I'm not going back. Don't go to Niagara Falls. Man, a fool of his money are so imparted. It's one of those deals where they're only taking. I'm not given. I remember one time. Once five was a year ago. A bad night in the track. And I said, they actually cash tickets here. They just take your money. You know, it was one of those things. Oh, sorry. They find. Oh, it's speaking to that. I started to ask an hour ago. But when you have Alzheimer's kicking in like, what's his name? Edmonds Stockdale. Which you notice Miguel finally found that card. If I had most stock to go wanted to be vice president, but had little Alzheimer's. Hey, listen, if it was good enough for Reagan, one out for him, right? You have it, too. Now, what was I just thinking about? Just they're saying, see, I forgot already. I forgot what I was going to say to your old second time. That's twice. I just headed on the tip of my tongue. You just drafted me. Anyway, Detroit 51 Los Angeles 44. Miami 42. My name is Willwin. Nobody wants to go back to Miami for under any circumstances. If they gave us $4,000 in small bills and said, hey, have a great time in Miami. Where'd you go anywhere? I was in downtown of course. Miami 42, Jamaica 34. Madre Falls has got. But third man. Paris 22 Atlanta 21. Oh, I know what I was going to ask about. I was saying about the permutules. Remember the judge, our good judge, Mo. I still don't know. No, no, no, no, no. And he said, they can go ahead and they can. I've been scouring for any further story. Any more news on it. It's the seventh inch of lie on my calendar today. Where where's the update? Where's the, uh, what's going on? I know it's just finished on holiday weekend. But it's the seventh of July. Where's the beef? Where's the update? Where's the follow up? In other words, the judge said, yeah, go ahead and do it. And then they appealed. But it's the beginning. And now what? Anyway, I'm just asking. Niagara Falls 30, a Paris 22 Atlanta 21, London 10. Vegas 10, Honolulu 4, Hamburg 3, St. Louis 1. Mass on Copenhagen, both have got to big. Oh, see, the Niagara Falls, you know, it's nice to see you once in your lifetime. And when you come right down to win, it's a bunch of water pushing over a bunch of rocks. You know, it's, you know, you had probably said that up in your bathroom. You know, got me. You aren't getting a bunch of rocks and then put it put them in the sink and turn on the faucet. And you have like a miniature Niagara Falls right there in your bathroom. Right? That is exciting. No, it's nice to see once and then they're absolutely no reason to go back. But the lights. There were complaints that some American television coverage don't really depict to the island as being their cry. We're already with that. So that's a real wind to tell them. Stay out of the Caribbean if you're smart. That's my best advice. Do not go there. Now a real weather big claim to famous they got gambling. That's a big thing. Other than that, stay the hell out. That's a great touch food. That's a great touch cuisine. I'll tell you one thing, Jacques, Shorok. Even though I agree with what you said the other day, those two, I wonder, I didn't really check out who voted on that committee. But the two finished members, the voting committee picking the two, 2012 Olympic site. There were two members from Finland on there. And so we said that Finland had worst food even in the brits. And I wonder, I can't imagine that they voted for gay parry. Can you? No. This story I love. James Henry Smith was a Zellis Pittsburgh steerer's friend in life, even death couldn't keep him from his favorite spot in a recliner in front of TV, showing his beloved team an action. This is perfect for QAM for our sports nerds. Smith 55 of Pittsburgh died a prostate cancer last week because his death wasn't unexpected. His family was able to plan for an unusual viewing Tuesday night. The Samuel E. Costan funeral home erected a small stage in a viewing room and a range furniture on it as it was in Smith's home on game day Sundays. Smith's body was on the recliner. His feet crossed and it remote in his hand. He wore black and gold silk pajamas slippers in a robe. A pack of cigarettes and a peer wear and a beer wear at his side. While a high definition TV played a continuous loop of steel as highlights. Oh, thank God, it was HD. This is a dead man. Okay, so I don't. I'm a dead man in a chair. I couldn't stop crying after looking at the steer blanket in his life. So the sister Mary Ann Niell's 58. He left football and nobody did anything until the game went off. Like he was at home. Long time friend Mary Jones called to be a celebration. I saw that I couldn't even cry. She said people will see him the way he was. Smith's funeral plans a little more traditional have he laid the rest in a task. I just get a tank and you go in and a tank. Is that pathetic or what? That is definitive QA and that's our crowd right there. That's it. Speaking of sports, don't forget coming up. I felt pretty wrong with her. Can't wait. Can't I wait. I'm gonna go out and have a two lunches today. Just a celebrate. This mark, Morgan is the 12 to one hour on QA-down. No, no, no, no, no, no. Pick up Michael Jackson. Top crews may be homes and with these just long battle with grass. Sick of eerie, fair result of voice. And how can I not take red back? Sick of the old sin twins. And hearing Lizzy low win lots so much waste. He's not just bombs. Don't want to hear about men at black. All one Russell, grossed our throwing bombs. All the stars that fructies are always in trouble. And they still hear a thing. Always on the cover of the bad boy. Make a scene I've got my own problems. I don't give a damn it. Just because I'm a Nick. All one through one thick shit. A place and a big thing. Sick of seeing Brittany. That'd be more camera-ty as if my friend just in timber lake. Absolutely. All of them lost in one of the boys. And all of them homes are fake. Tired of the ride. Rene saw wager terror, reed over and hello, rethought. Sick of hearing them on belly eggs. Shun your mouth I've had enough sin duffs. Those stars are left for teams are always in trouble. Tasty, silly and a scene. Always on the cover of the bad boy. Make a scene I've got my own problems. I don't give a damn it. Cursed, d-allie loses weight. What crazy poor people are in the NFL state. Y'all. I think God just said the Dallas. I don't see it on the pool there. Me, y'all. Oops. And the New York City. How can I put New York on there yet? I'm sure there are a lot of people like me. I've been to New York many, many times. Am I going back? Oh, this year? No. Next year. New York. So one of those things number one to be. What do you used to be? That's number one. Number two. I don't know. What's you see at the first six hundred times? That's pretty much it. When it's potthverses, pet those of bad trip in store. Los Angeles, when tank a three year old male pit bull, mixed a rabbit with his owner with a veterinary office in Humboldt County, he's jaws packed with white powder. It was clear that something was seriously wrong. Earlier, tanked mysterious, I consumed an entire box of baking soda. I'd be here even for an animal with famously discriminated eating habits. But, more disturbing was tanks demeanor. He said trembling is from livestock out in awkward angle. His dilated eyes fixed on this endpoint. A check of the heart reveal a coma like 32 beats per minute, far below normal. Joseph Humboldt, the attending veterinarian, suspected poisoning, but from what? That I was owner pleaded ignorance. Tank distracted wasn't saying. A few minutes later, the mystery was solved. The guy called me right back and said, Doc, I know what happened, Humboldt recalls, that all gates and pot, kind of a lot of pot. Merrill Wannas, action on humans as well, understood. Once it's psychoactive agent, a THC is carried from the lungs are stemming by the blood of the brain. It binds to nerve cells and activates the brain's pleasure centers. Kind of like Paganda's banana nut ice cream. Effective food sensory sensitivity, motor impairment, and increased desire for Doritos. The plants affect on canines is considerably less benign, even if he grams can cross staggering vomiting, urinary incontinence and severe cases, seizures and coma. Oh my God. Some people may enjoy popular, or should dogs do not, Humboldt says, don't forgive and pack your dogs, okay? You may need to ask you lunatics. Unless they're pit bulls. Although those stats are kept in marijuana poisoning, the nation's keen on to pot ratio reveals potential for a problem. The American Pet Products Manufactures Association estimates that 43 million US households include a dog, about more than 25 million Americans passed up on a 2000s week of government survey of having used marijuana at least once in the previous year. In Northern California, which is believed to have the highest concentration of medical marijuana users in the country, and where pot cultivation is a popular hobby, best face-safe proponderance of those cases, with some attending a civil Zontau dogs a week. I don't care like that, huh? And speaking of dog stories, fetching Terry or killed when firecrackers slows in mouth. I'm trying to hit when that happens, don't you? Okay. Stewart, this is in Florida, of course. The hyperactive little jack Russell Terry named Kaylee would chase anything through her way. But that's a kind of dog that Queen likes, right? The Queen of England that is, to be specific. She likes Jack Russell Terry's. And to the horror of several adults in children that they call an oski family July 4th picnic, she did exactly that with a powerful firecracker through an into a yard. Yeah, she just did chase it. No charges were expected to be filed the death of dog yet to the cracker or exploded in her mouth. I lost a family member Joseph Peakarmala, Kala Kilanowski or whatever his name is 26 Ronin Stamin with the Sheriff deputy. He later said in the phone interview that he was grateful nobody else was heard. It could have been a lot worse. He said we had a lot of kids out there. Kala Kilanowski said the family been out celebrating New York on the 1,000 blocks of southeast St. Lucy Boulevard in Stewart when his wife's uncle grew by, and through the explosive about 530 p.m. Well, I say, let's get his ass. What do you say, huh? Let's nail him. He wasn't even invited dogs on a set. She's a jack Russell Terrier. They're hyper dogs. They think everything's a toy. Kala Kowski said the three year old eight pound dog was blown to pieces and buried shortly after the incident. After initially declining the price charges according to Sheriff's report. Kala Kowski said he now wants to bring criminal charges against the uncle, Stewart resident, when him George Kennedy deterred, Kenny could not be reached for comment. Martin County Sheriff's spokeswoman, Sergeant Genel Atlas said the firecracker was not illegal, and there was no evidence of malice against the dog. In fact, maybe they were hoping that the guy who picked it up and put it in his mouth. You think? And the firecracker too. Better take the break early. There's still a lot of BBC is still buck up, buck up by as you'd expect. What to do? Fire police, usually in attendance. You have a stereotype, a stereotype, a stereotype, a stereotype around the UK soil. Railways, station, central London, coordinates of the tonight, not even the best of being let through a very high strong police presence. The issue I mean about the constipated risk, can't you hear it in that sound? Cordon Dolfer, sounds like he had that to be in about six months. What happens to sports? We're the assoring. Sports when you're five, 60. We're the... Beyond God. We're the door to door to door door doors. Hey, Sam, don't be. I'd like to thank you, Louis. You're amazing. Yeah, you're amazing. You're amazing. You're amazing. You're amazing. You're amazing. You're amazing. You're going to die. Oh no, there's a target that's over to door doors. You're going to do it. There's a whole thing. I think so, Missy, where's this? Can you get a story to watch? And if that happens to me, can you hear it? We make some old things. Let's try it one, two, three. This is the first time. You're being too far to the door that door to door doors. It's over. Yeah. Make some hate, same? And I knew I colded enough. It was my clothes… Tetra ander A gold定 jewel to make me act, away. She's been magnified. Theannie makes me quite tired. The night is on. And the człowie makes me kinda epsilon. David's got gold, baby. And today we've got a tapesy, how did that話 come? That's a great deal. There's a door to door to door door door. Somebodyboard, maidboard, sword, password door door. No, it's door to door to door door. You don't know the door door to door door to door. No, you'll understand whenường. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. I'm not a son of a boy. How do we fit into your rectum life? Anyway, so Jamaica is got the wrath of God. And you want to know why? Because he's teodoro's rostopipl on there with him. We would have wacky weed man. He's finally getting around to it. Hurricane Dennis Lodon strengthen the category two storm today. As it lumbered through the Caribbean forecast, he said, God isn't too fond of you. People in the Caribbean. Okay. With good reason. He's sick and tired of your altitude. As of 8 p.m. I ate a in this morning. The hurricanes maximum sustained with increased 105 miles an hour. With stronger gusts. The storm was sent about it. That's one of the sad things about not being in South Florida. Nothing able to track the hurricanes with a hurricane. His story is specialist like Miss Norcross and I crowd. Speaking of Hurricane paranoia. You know, watch this shoot for the Florida Keys. Really? Yep. Holy cow. Oh my God. We don't want to get you nervous. Anything like that. But there's a hurricane watch. But there's a hurricane. What's going on? What's going on? For the Keys. And I can't imagine. Like God has pissed off with those people in the Keys. Can you? You're fair. The storm was sent about 130 miles east southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, and it looked like machine, man. It's that was my sheen. And about I just, I just, they just send me. I don't know. I can't even tell you where. East southeast of Kingston about 165 miles south of one. Time will be Cuba. Uh-oh. You see that? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. God is really peeled about all that torture and mayhem going on there. It was moving toward the northwest of about 10 miles an hour. A hurricane warning was an effect for Jamaica. The Cayman Islands. These southwestern peninsula, Haiti. And the eastern Cuban provinces. And the, before 1230, we get in some sort of a Miguel about Cuba. Yep. And the eastern Cuban provinces of Grandma. Is there really such a place called Grand Ma? What? GRAA and MA. Grand Ma. Hey, grandma. What do you want to do? Change it to Abuela? Yes. Santiago de Cuba and Guantanamo. Told you. Hurricane, conditions are expected in those areas within the next 24 hours. And four castes were in people that are quickly complete preparation. No, it's going to be like. H. Other forces of Central East and Cuba were under a hurricane watch. Four castes said the storm is expected to, um, four to wait in and what happened in the rain over seven Haiti. Jamaica and that's because the Haitians were wrapping in baseball's tight enough. Or two tight. That's what they had all those armors. Two tight. Jamaica, eastern Cuban, the Cayman Islands. The isolated amounts of province is possible, not in a series of Jamaica. Man. The Haiti rains could produce life threading flash floods and mudslides for crashes. When the hurricane centers. They laid this five day projected in this possible path. As the center of the storm going across western Cuba Friday. Sounds like tomorrow to me. And then the Gulf of Mexico. On that path, the storm was started approaching the central Gulf of The storm was started approaching the central Gulf Coast Sunday and make landfall near Mobile Alabama around the Midday on Monday. And you want to know why? Because he's PO that then people Alabama for a certain amount of all I crap about a Rubah. He's pissed off a dead bitch. Now, you're telling me that we got a hurricane watch, did you say? Watch for the Florida Keys. I'll be there. So I probably ought to go on a sensitive website. Yeah, that's where I got it. Well, they're doing a thing about London death toll climbs. A lot of dead people over there in the London Cube. You know, it was too crazy terrorist of those Olympics again for a split second. And then just that pre that there were, I can't give you an exact number. There was a four or five people flung out from the top of the bus. And then the bus literally stopped in this truck. But the traffic was moving really, really slow. So it literally just stopped in this truck. They got flung out. So they're going to get slung out. And poor bridge man. But to innocent people again, because Tony Blair is a fellow fellow in crime with your president. You can be dangerous if he would have done the smart thing and said, hey, we're not going in there. You lunatics, you may not. We're not breaking international law. We're not going to kill a whole bunch of dead people and stuff like that. Vattered by record for hurricanes last year. Floridian seed dump is right on top of a man. Even though in that pit, they said they don't like you. Hillary or Duff. Do you know what I said? I noticed. Bettered by record for hurricanes and Duff announced today that he hates fat boy like poison. I thought was a real ballsy move on his part. Bettered by record for hurricanes last year. Floridians were keeping a wary eye on hurricane Dennis storming its way through the Caribbean. And of course, the forecast you said might bring it to the state by the weekend. How do you like that? Oh my God. As of today, the Florida Keys Runday hurricane, watch, which means winsively 74 miles when our storm surges are possible late tomorrow according to the National Hurricane Center. And speaking of Miami by the way, Miami passed the front like there were standing still. You never want to go back there. I can't blame you. Four cancer said that all the still couldn't tell where Dennis would hit the US residents from the Gulf of Mexico. I'm the Gulf of Mexico from Louisiana to Florida to be watching the storm. Keep your eye on it and the storm too is what they're saying. That's what Miss Sam Kamal would tell you. Keep your eye on it. The central and east Gulf coast are the most threatened to Eric Blake, a meteorologist at the center. This is the time to take a little bit of action to get some of the rudimentary hurricane supplies. Now here we go, boys and girls, run away to publics at Home Depot right now. Get some of that visc win and wrapping stuff. The skies and the keys were still sunny and clear today, but people were already preparing and business were expecting fewer tourists. Just the mere threat of a hurricane will keep people away. We've been through this before, so we have game plans, hit Chris Mohns, CEO of Software Joe's Bar and the Main Drag in Key West, a lot of drag. You're fair in Key West. The face was also a caution to make sure that hurricane plans are ready. Get ready. We out of the inflorated, we have a hurricane problem, state emergency management director Craig Fuguit said yesterday. If you don't know from last year you haven't got it from these four tropical storms, I don't know what it's going to take. Maybe some of you have to stick their foot deep inside it or wake you up. So get rid of just keep your eye on it. What comes when you're taking them, when you're watching your watchers and 60 16 On your�pot Sixies. Hi Emmy, that's the Boopinadoo ruim.lo climb over Harper. Tom im so I Ive read. It is my thing okay Let's go see. Tom Rob Stop burn. The Three-Tart in the And which The Go Go Go Go Come on TV Here Here's President The Two Ray Pal again Marshall And our Take with it It I don't know why Play a world Want to Have a nice year Person Of a Four year With President Of One Two Two All I can't Have a One And get to We go For One There you are There's A Two Go Go This Raman Stupid Two Go Go Five This Raman Rich Get Go Easy Love it in me Here's President The Two You don't have one Of You got him In my Her Crushing All in Those You and I Go Go Oh We've got a great leader Rock solid With President The One Two All in Go Go Go She came Go Go Go Oh Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go five to a little five. Blurs, red hot, blurs, baby. It's biggest distraction and baseball. Don't forget to tune back in. I mean, stick around if you're ready to play the game. That's the mad dog. And we'll be right back. All right. That's called Bacfit, huh? That's a nice ball. Deck of the arena. The next ball is going to gotta Vitaminless towards his legs. Back in time. I'm gonna poke a brine good. I like it. Start looking at it.