Ocean sì the world's nine twenty-three. You're a good boy, but you proved it. You know, he's done this. You've done that. We're all supporting him. I've never heard that before. Dick's, Dick's, Dick's. All you guys lie. Dick's, Dick's, you do do do. Dick's, Dick's, all you guys lie. Dick's, Dick's, Dick's, and you give my son a list. Hello? You want me to jump off the bridge and find him, Tom? Yeah, we first did do a very go ahead and jump. Okay, we'll pack your sandwich on the way down. Maybe some roi. It's a real pain in the ass. Very bans, but it's opening day. And don't even know that every year we get that same son that ends from people who say, oh, but it's opening day meal. Now, I've been a baseball at least. I used to be a baseball fan for when I was a little kid 100 years ago. And I just don't understand this thing. If you're not interested in baseball, why would you be interested in the opening day? I can understand if you don't follow it much during the season and pay attention to the world series because the world series is who fly and hype, you know, or like football, if you don't pay any attention to it, you're not watching Super Bowl because it's a happening. It's a fang, right? Even George watches Super Bowl. Not do not. No, but you know what I'm saying. Sure. But if you have a baseball fan, what does it make? Opening day so, oh, Jean-Yel, as usual, you're so out of touch with the mainstream out there, which I say, thank God. Oh, that's one thing I've got going for me. Anyway, here's a facts from Henry and Miami to start today. We also got a facts from Lyle and of course we're going to identify Lyle before the show is over today. Henry and Miami says, Neil, thanks so much for entertaining and sometimes educating yourself for the list news over the years. Thanks for looking around, Henry. Because of your show yesterday, you've spurred me to research the Catholic Church. Oh, my gosh, he said. Oh, my God. Right. The things I've read just about the inquisitions, for example, those statistics, torture devices that chose used to kill millions over a period of a thousand years. The persecution of Galileo, not slightly been mentioned to Crusades. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, he says. Yeah, I think that's a good way to look at it. Wow. Well, PSI put 40 bucks in my gas tank today. It wasn't even fuel. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. And guess what, Henry and Miami? We said a new record today, 220 for regular is the average price. Who said we can't excel? Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. Thank you so very, very much. We're just ecstatic. Anyway, it's opening day. We got a lot of the ballpark or speaking of most on gravity, I Dr. Myophthalmologist yesterday. Thank you, Dr. Marvin, you're the best. I got a great ophthalmologist. I haven't go to him for years. He's great. It's good. He is. So anyway, I'm driving up there and I'm listening. I got a course QAM on. I wouldn't dare. Although, while let me get to that in a minute. No, seriously, when I was coming back, mad dog went into a break and I punched her with her to 790 to whatever that thing is the ticket. And it's basically, see, all these sports shows. It's, well, and I don't care what Duff says. I don't know what his story is. Well, we know what he said. You're fair, but they're talking the same stuff on the marlins and our lighter this and a pitching staff. And I thought you could turn to any sports show and it's all the same stuff except the course for the people who are doing the talking. And I'm going to say it again because we have Hank Goldberg and because we have Jim Manditch. That's why we have the big numbers. And that's why it makes a difference because people are tuning to hear them and hear their personalities and hear what they have to say. And because it's them, see what I'm saying? What do you say? As opposed to just listening to a bunch of people who sound like high school kids talking about the, oh, the marlins have a great season this year. And I can't even tell one from the other. They all sound the same. But anyway, so I'm listening to a mobile on a web to the I'm doctor. And he gets a call shortly into the show from some guy obviously a crank. See, Mo needs a crank detector. So he just he has a different time telling what one is coming in. You know, I mean, what a guy calls in does the do do do do do he. Yeah, well, he picks up on that. He picks up on that and then goes off on it for about a minute. But at any rate, so the guy calls in is Neil Rogers game and Mo's response is yes. And then there's a pause. He admits it. He admits it. Imagine. And I've talked to myself, oh, maybe I made a mistake 28 years ago, whatever. Or was that maybe I made a bet. I admit it. Oh, my good. A kid you may. That's what I say is a hangover fat. Yes, get this it is Mo a ball. Yes, get this it now. Then he got rid of the musk. I mean, what is that? I admit it. And then, of course, that to me reveals a very sad, very narrow, bigoted homophobic. I mean, that went out with Nick or is okay. Well, that whole homophobic routine that went out long, long since past. We're in charge now. You know what I mean? That's it. I admit it, type of poker. Right. No, get now squid interjecting. So, my, I'll just say that brought is going to call up again. He's going to get all bent out of shade. And like, well, then yesterday, she made promo. By the way, thank you very much, man. You were great. It was a good promo. It's time. Usually the promo is there some in anything like I was talking about props for pops, whatever was the other day. And I hear that promo. It was so in aim. He admitted. He said it in such a way as if like, can you believe it? He admitted. That would be like saying there's more word checkered pants. Yes, he's missing Follow him saying Is my Jew yes, he's missing What do you think okay, so anyway, here's our pull from yesterday. I just almost drove off the road I was so amusing the practice play. I feel today. It's only Tuesday, but I feel like I'm in here for a month I really do I don't know what it is about it seeing all the essay from whatever although unlike the last experience We've got thank you fix it for coming in doing something it's about time We got into first the mice was yesterday and before actually this show even started That's only been broken for a year plus we also have parents now going in there trying to explain it and you know John Coep was that his name? Yeah, he came in this morning. Seems like a fairly a huge idea Introduced himself. Drift my hand didn't seem all I nervous he admits it. That's what he pulled no not yet Well, that's because he hadn't seen duck you're fair, but anyway So I just said oh my god, yeah, he was joking about opening up the pots and people get here us Okay, and the problem is nobody and of course parents come in here. Well, let's go on I tried to tell him like somebody going to show those kids how to run a board. Oh, what else? That was his response what else? And then finally, you know it by the way Here's one other thing for here's what else keep your boyfriend to beast out of this studio and off my computer Okay, I paid for this computer I find his name coming up in here with all kinds of viruses and all kinds of crack going on and since George and Josh Cortis use Firefox We know that the viruses aren't coming in while there you will talk to him that computer doll No, his name is on there in a couple of spots. He's been the dittal neurone. Yeah, probably torn He's probably probably but seriously Keep the beast out of here. Okay, there is one little tub of trouble right there a tub of trouble And when I get to that lile facts he's not listening to like a bundle of fun. He's a suspect Seriously, what kind of a business establishment would I would employ somebody and keep them in your employee who's main function is to water around for more room to room Sturing up crap. Well, what kind of a job is that stirring up good? I'd say I would yeah, but things. Oh, yeah, a push and right yesterday's poll before we end I'm just whipped up to a frenzy there feel pretty good about the whole deal. Good. Yeah, cuz it's already it's already two days I paid and have the dentist today. I would we get some food in here, too, but I'm not doing that no, the yellow tomorrow We got the fritz and fronds. We got that they're bringing in their leader hose Yeah, and we're hitting some of Rob Wreston on during gouache. What's not to lag and it's free of course You'll bastard you You're not even Anyway, here's the a full from yesterday. What's your take on Pope John Paul the second? I have an article. It is so good It's brief. I'm gonna read them in it that it's gonna make you just just a peanut underwear You just not gonna believe it. I'm serious. I showed you the headline right now. I love it. In fact, what is the headline? Well, yeah, bad news from a racking game, but we'll get to that The Pope has blood on his hands. It's from the guardian UK of course. It's not from an American newspaper because you don't want to We'd be reading such things in the USA Terry eagles and from the guardian UK the Pope did great damage to the church and the countless Catholics Look at that so that's just me. It's people who are honest and want to tell the truth as opposed to all the holy five Yeah, it's always a same old crap every time somebody croaks We have to like wax like what Reagan died same thing right anyway What's your take on Pope John Paul the truth? We asked you to the 18 other 26 votes He was a great man Farmer than 71 a great man doesn't wear a dress Okay, I mean start right off the top great man don't wear dresses I couldn't give a Schmidt about him 366. He never stole a freight train 341 Stay out of this studio base dude Slob He approached bigotry and ignorance 284. He was decent 236 and he was a snappy dresser 128 out of almost 2000 both Okay, so anyway, here's the well here. Let's do we got Bimbo number five. She's hot Who is he? She's she's she might be she might give me a little something some Yeah a little uh one of those that's my favorite body wash right there hurt We don't know what her name is in quite frankly who cares it was stopped to ask Well, he is only like from a A little navel up but believe me. There's plenty to keep her busy. Bimbo number five See what a good job. I'm doing keep in track of trade Bimbo number five. He has much it So anyway She's he does to Oh my god and you're a cranky old man. No, you just don't admit it everybody else knows it. You just a one-word move Okay, I ran into Gary Sarner when I was delivering her yesterday. He almost took kill me in the elevator Actually, he didn't kill me, but I was trying to get out of here and then the elevator door closed in my arm I think he had it said an autopilot you're not full on us Gary. Okay, we know we're out of here You've phony baloney and by the way, I hope he eat trif. I hope they're eating trif at the sales party today Whenever something that they fed him a cheeseburger. Uh-oh a bacon cheeseburger would be good It's 11 past 10 at 5 60 W Q AM. It's opening day Rhymes with oh, we don't have that in there gay. It's nuts in there. It's on my but it's in there somewhere Oh, I don't have it well rhymes with you. Yeah. He's missing. No number number also get in there. No. I don't want it anymore Be here a couple of more days nevertheless three more days who's counting? Sorry, that's what they They're good up there. Yeah, at Lardies. We don't make skinny little burgers because skinny little burgers Are for skinny little boys our monster big burgers are for big boys big fat Lardasses with no self control who chain smoke when stins and follow the shop a case of butt every night Now for big boys or so lazy they eat our breakfast bowl comes the ultimate morning feeding Lardies breakfast bucket We start with three dozen fried eggs top with six kinds of cheese over a yellow on grits Autodesm biscuits Smothered in great days maple syrup and butter Topped off with a pancake the size of a manhole cover in a convenient five gallon buckets Together with hash browns and a 64 ounce mountain do you've got the Lardies breakfast bucket combo all for just 14 99 Lardies without us some guys would live to see 40 10 17 at five 16 W Q a Okay, here's our poll today. What actor or actress? That's that's fits this I won't ever see a movie if someone so is in it whoever fill in the black I won't see a movie if I voted for Mel Gibson no question I mean once upon a time. I'm in Jeremy Volda, but then I told you I accidentally saw that movie He was in it was pretty good. What's what? Whether with the kid yeah, we talked a father and that The guy wanted to throw it out loud and it was pretty good So we actually can't be in after what he's not trying to be a mr. Cool. You know he's not trying to do the routine for months every 20 years right do a good movie Anyway J. Lo is gonna win this. I mean just a landslide 103 for jail. I want to course these people are living up to what they're saying because every movie that she is in is a big Una bomba grande man even see that cruises embarrassed or she is really much I knew then I thought she was really Collegely did you think you didn't see you like and all that I don't every picture ever saw before she had all that Carmen ran to stuff All over her head kind of like his a distraction to wouldn't look at her face, but wow Man, I've said you one thing she made that ugly, which he sure couldn't sing let's see jay low one oh three Mel Gibson 35 that's my choice I wouldn't want to move it with that piece of crap in there Would that far bison if you paid me by the second depending upon how much then I've liked 22 junior Roberts 19 See a lot of people don't like junior Roberts. I know I don't know why you still have to see Aaron Broke of it. I have seen it. Oh, you have on sir, and I thought sleeping with the enemy was excellent I've seen it about three times. You think that was good. Yeah. I thought that was outstanding It was had some real good ending. It has to know important in that incident. Yeah, it was anyway Junior Roberts has got 19 which show you know your title Richard year 19 John revolt a 12 Robert County junior oven. I was George's choice George Clooney five He gives me the he gives me shpilkeys Jodie Foster five will Smith three in Bruce Willis none Which is what we got so far? Okay, that's our poll today Call in some additions. I'm sure there'll be dozens and thousands bubble get to you. I guess before we get to Lyle okay, I mean Gary sir I mean We'll do the bad news from a rack first. Although things are going very well. Oh, we're fine It's what we're being told and isn't it great that all these people are dying so that we can cover Take all the TV coverage and don't have to give this bad news from a rack and all the other bad things that are happening with the gas prices all of those things You know, it's good excellent two car bombs exploded nearly the same time this morning in the bag that area Killing at least two people including another US soldier entering at least six of his policemen's her official said the number of her condedemy Iraq war stands at 1542 but who's counting? That would be a good question who's got more blood on his hands? I'll present to you or the Pope I guess the Pope had a lot more, you know, I mean we're talking millions for the Pope. Yeah, well Although versus working on it in other violence and Iraqi general working for the country's interior ministry was kidnapped and bagged at this one She thinks everyone tremendously swimmingly well. We're fine Maybe it's nice time to talk about those things because we got bigger fish to fry bigger people to bury or maybe not bury just flip around on the slab somewhere Okay, let's see these factions coming in here Bobby says now what's Bobby faxing here? Oh living will okay great Thanks so much Bobby. Hi. It is a real living world. I guess it's alive. Yeah, it's for somebody has a terminal condition somebody What that's it? Yeah, I have a terminal condition. It's got a life Right, that's the one guaranteed terminal condition is life I mean if you're alive You are gonna die. Oh no, no, I'll say that. I don't believe it in 1973 I was working at WSP being Sir soda I had a landlord very strange guy in his 50s early 50s for strange and he I don't know how he got in the conversation, but he said to me he says, you know all these people worrying about death And everything says I'm only 50 or whatever he was a tiny new his age. He says and by the time I get to be 70 or 80s Is already have found something them you know Curious you never die can you really believe that? Huh guess what happened he dies dead Yeah, you know maybe someday, but not not no Living will look at this pages and pages living will and we ought to do something on our website for this because there are a lot of people out there after Terry Shiver Who would like you know not to have a living will not have to be subjected to that and you guys put a link up now We talked about it all I don't believe we did we do have Papu cannon that would define his face Which I find most entertainer and That looks like fine don't you think that's an extremely those two photos that we got up there now With a Pope the one where looks like somebody is I can't say it and And then the other one where you got the skeleton and I'm very fortetious change those to just pictures of this feet No, I think we ought to leave money because they're a very poor taste and so we'll see and so is everything he stood for or most of it Anyway, here's big at a very poor taste. Here's our facts from a mile I'm gonna take it right now. I'm not reading anymore miles facts as after today until now didn't you say last week? He was gonna like me. I didn't come out of the closet. He she or it threatened Yeah, and when they elevated or open yesterday See if Gary Sarner had any balls he would have said oh by the way Neil I'm lile don't tell anybody I'm if he had any balls which of course he doesn't use a coward. He's finally got out promise no Again, whatever it is that there's people or I sold Yeah, but anyway it's fairly entertaining and amusing And I have a list of before here and it has to be one of those or it could be the like I said Danny and the human ears But I don't think so they this is a little bit inside inspiration here right So it's either somebody who's here presently or somebody who is here in the past like your good close person friend or a leather push PD Lenny By the way, I tell you about his cat so anyway. Here's the fast from the mile that was let's see printed out 1134 last night, but waiting for me this morning. I'm so excited. It says dear Neil tomorrow Meaning today at the sales party will probably discuss how well our station is doing mostly in great part of the devoted staff that we have at both stations Both what about what about kiss don't they count that one no? Why not they have a different temperature oh yeah There are some this fits outcast and mentally challenged people at the stations But we are a family a family and capitol letters of family not some whole-ring high price mercenary That doesn't even live in our state kind of a dysfunctional family I was just looking at that picture of the sales department over there under wallet big one And I noticed that the family seems to be shrinking all they got replaced. That's though. Oh was that how works in the family right? That one anyways, is this is something you never recognized the pawns in the game of fat cats like Hank you and Jimmy Which I've never heard Jim Mad is called Jimmy before my life of you. No, he just seemed like a Jimmy to me No, at least Jimmy stands up for little guy once in a while. It says I don't know who's a bigger baby you are Hank Thank God Greg deals with it not me Greg deserves an award for just you and Hank Or maybe for lying so much he deserves that award I just wait for once you'd recognize the good side of Troy. Well, I do recognize the good side He was in this morning. I have no problem with Troy He and I are very very tight. We have the same haircut almost. They're obviously out of touch whoever out lily. Yeah, Jeff I know who Jeff is who Jeff. Hi. Oh Jeff. Hi. See there's another thing nobody ever calls him dead. That's fat boy Have you ever had anybody referred him as either high boy or fat boy? I was Jeff Angie who's Angie one of these sales secretary, but I don't know who that is. She's a sweetheart Well, that's fine, but I could recognize because I don't know who that is Mike E whose Mikey like X-T Who's that? Not bad. Oh man bald Mike. Oh, he's just crazy. Maybe that's who this is. No, oh Our Steph X who's Steph X one of the engineers good guy Timmy another engineer right computer guy Because I don't need to want those people right so it's hard for me to recognize some of us have children You know as George speak up George and what does that mean? I don't know what that means I don't know what that means is it am I getting anybody fired here By do probably remember their livelihood I don't understand what that means is see I'm not one of those people who runs around trying to get people fired He admit it when the bonuses are spread next month and boy That's really out of touch with reality because if there's any ratings bonuses next month That's gonna be a real shocker to all of us believe and by the way if there are ratings bonuses It's not gonna be because of the sales department with all the respect. Oh come on admit it and if a word for Pain in the ass people like me and Hank and Jimmy the sales department would have anything to sell on this radio station I just mention I just mention that in passing okay because sales people are ISO But anyway, it says when the bonuses are spread next month You're looking forward to a fancy vacation in May and leave all your troubles and vicious rumours behind to enjoy yourself while we work here with the station No, no, no, yeah. Tough huh, I'm supposed to sit around and hold their hand And how about a fancy vacates now about just ignore their pedestrian vacation Yeah, you take those all the time done right and that is says oh, yeah I wish you'd wear a hairpiece just try it out Maybe Charles Alphayeri could load anyone or perhaps Mr. David could lend you one of his old ones Mr. David not Mo See you don't even have anybody's name right in this gerry. I don't like your shiny head It's not cool you're an old man with a bald head who wears members only jackets when he goes out probably. No, I don't I don't have any members only jackets You also go command. Oh, no, I don't and then it says oh I blank blank you yesterday walked past you Rain into you whatever which is gerry sign with the elevator or of course could be the new sales manager I walked past him, but it's not it. How do you know that Curtis A to style Curtis Liva a to style? Oh, who do you think you are the Pope of our stations? You ought to steal down at Sakae any Lyle. No, I don't want to steal down fact. I don't want to see you. I don't want to smell you. I don't want to know you if you don't like me I don't like you. That's fine. I don't know problem with that who cares? This is about effective. I came in here. I only saw George and I mean there's some people I you know came back. I'm glad to see like Hank if he ever shows up again and Ken Maldon and George and Josh Curtis if he ever shows up to get that check and Who else Tommy stuff? Doc even clearance item mine scene clearance briefly Who might leave it out? Well, you tell me yeah, what was that? Intercom. Oh, I thought there was some hysteria in a hallway there. Here's one from Larry in Orlando Welcome home Neil. Oops better say that for when you're back in T.O. That's correct Larry I would never watch him move. We would Tom Hanks all very very good choice Larry excellent How did I forget that because life is like a box of chocolates and he admits it Yeah, that's what the time Hank said. He said life is like a box of crap is what it is Well, he thought it was chocolates 27 After 10 and this relaxed choice okay just like you're here to unlike Mooded a little bit. He's bald, you know He admits it now He didn't use to but then again, I think you embarrassed him because you such a you're such a yeah The O-john per bucket tour that's neat. I wonder he and Greg both despise you like boys and you're a sarner to I think I'm sure You know spring is here and I was a great time again. I'm by the way It's not Maddie Bell we've eliminated him. I'll give him my list when we come back of suspects for a while Who's too much of a coward to really come out of the closet? I dare you a while I dare you let's have a facts coming here Which you won't come in cause whoever this is probably in the building and these are coming from outside Remember when a stranger calls they're calling from inside the house well not this one If they get to them the main issue Unless you will and take the chance I wouldn't try it. I think I'll pass don't stand don't Don't use a basket for what you see to or a You fair You That's Well, it's bigger than the uga burger lord. I think when my cranieri passed away We should have a bigger fuss about it than the Pope It was a good thing I'm not ashamed of it. I don't know if there's a refrigerator in there. I've got anybody killed never that we know of taught any stone age mentality, you know, maybe stone age. Oh, that's don't it. It's only a lie. Oh, here's my choice of four mine I don't know what you're thinking number one Gary Carter number one suspect. Okay. One of our sales retards real jackass And by the way, don't give me the smile on the big son to answer my face Gary Why'd you say ah, Jay look at that silly And that's another thing. I don't really care if anybody here or anywhere else likes the fact that I shave my head almost ball Not totally ball not skin head but close to it. I love it. I enjoy it. It's very comfortable I think I trimmed it up a little bit because I missed this spot and the beast was gonna be crap about that yesterday It's just fine. He don't look any uglier than you did before I look just the same before only maybe about 10 days younger right right and the same thing Volging guy would hear said right and see I'm styling man. I got on my dockers for old cochers You're a hot on my regular shirt on here today your ding-dong daddy got my nice new balance shoes What's not to like huh? Oh, I didn't show you mine. What I don't want to see you think they match Rotesque, you know something seriously. Yeah, this man you need restraints John and South Carolina I'm not gonna look at any more of us, but don't send me more of his facts It's wrong. He just grossed me out here. This is just too many it's like I'm doing a whole show with him See all right So I'll show us for him and back and we're like we have it a personal conversation That's about the 80th facts now. I'm sitting here for like three hours all of that. I'm in this to number one Suspect Gary Sarner is lile, okay? Cuz we only know of like three or four people in the building got their head way up Greg's ass and he's one of my mighty fellas one But he's not the a this is a now now. Not mighty well. Not the water Nazi. She does it's Could be I guess Technically, but that's also not her style. Nah. That wouldn't be her deal. She got the more important things to do back there We know what they are Gary Sarner number two suspect PD Lenny who doesn't work here anymore, but he's on that picture over there in a wall The one who crossed out there with the I'll be that is definitely a style in the fact that he calls man. It's Jimmy and Timmy and that's his thing Jimmy You know that that he would be the one who would do that when you think yeah, PD Lenny Probably eggdone by another one of the suspects on here fact boy who I didn't have number three But I've reversed the list now we go for number three is now the beast and number four is fat boy Jeff high It could be him could be who hi boy. Yeah, I know that that's why he's on my list It's one of those four and if it's PD Lenny that it's encouraged by a fat boy who's given him the little spy reports about the haircut And I'm out. You know because that's what these people these are silly people if they spent nearly as much time going out there in servicing their accounts and selling newer accounts as they do being professional in this we'd be we'd have spots up the old Earlobe, you know we'd be overrun with spots, but So there we go. Oh, I blanked like you yesterday. Who do you think you are instead of what's for a music? But I like I said I'm not gonna be any more loud facts as until loud comes out of the closet And if you have the guts to do it, or maybe just don't put up the door and stick your head in You know, wave your hands say what's me? It's me what they really funny and music isn't you know a bunch of good material it is Ray material I love stuff like sure to sink my teeth in the because I didn't really come here to see anybody I came here because I have business to take care of and plus you know to be on the legal side I can only stay 180 days at a time in Canada You did it I admit it He admit it seriously that that may have been What are they great? Pretty old must in history and he doesn't even realize it he's oblivious to it I mean it was such an obvious crank You know and then the guy goes oh man you might he always say those things about you and of course I yesterday is saying anything about him He's gonna be on a tour clock like today's gonna be out of this statement tour clock for the opening It's opening day, but just just He's gay like he never heard of anybody else who did that see I think when you're an old goat like that You know from the old school and you've been in that real homophobic bigoted net Plus I don't know how much of any locker rooms, you know? I wonder how many Madacones he used to hang out with in locker room is the I'm not aware of you And I want to say I'm being noticed to him many of the shirt right like before we're in a fellow player Dave Kopei He's gay he's been Of course he ain't playing no more many many years Former angel he gump hard Dave Pologne he admits it Joey and Miami says that silly little Chad Jacky Chan For a list and if he made movies anymore Charlton has to the right wing gunna more on what does that mean? Oh, I see you put him on it. Now he doesn't make movies anymore PS I can't stand that bitch Julia Robertsy to bad actress who takes herself to a seriously I don't think she's a bad actress number one number two Who cares if he takes herself seriously or not right right? I don't kind your her work most of the time I'm not seeing she's already great movies. He's good. Oh, parents just stuck his head in the door Sam Clarence is this is Lyle. I said the first person is six their head in the door. That's Lyle That's who it is well we should have known probably with a help of the beast Clarence now parents don't have the balls to do it here's Todd Holly with another chronic factor How many people do you think saw the long line was for the pope and decided to see Johnny Cochran instead? You know like in the movies. Yeah, that's good point. You know you go to like your multiplex with 85 and you went there and see movie number one But there's a long line and movie number three there's like only four people waiting you go Well, it says please stop the death watch is already. Oh hey, Todd you ain't seen nothing yet This is gonna be a regular thing now And we got the Michael Jackson stuff the pope stuff we had lots of stuff and we got 800 names to end to our poll This is gonna be great. This is gonna just fly by and then before you know it's a week will be over now. I'll be long gone I don't think I'm gonna be doing this again though. Well you keep say that what do you mean? You say that every time you come along. I mean I have to come home But I think my like for the rest of this year my future trips home are during these times when I'm not working I see because there obviously are many people in the building who are very offended by the fact that and see on a one-hand Lyle is pitching me out that I'm a carpet bag or whatever it says here a high priced mercenary doesn't even But on the other hand I shouldn't be here and I'm you know they're offended by my sight You know the head no I think it'll be a lot. We get along a lot better by long distance Absence makes the heart grow fondre, right? Trust in of course. There's that you fair. Yeah, that thing too. You know The way you said that You got it I'm taking listen you must find they lock them up They do more than that they they deny that they actually record that show Robert Oh, we can't get another one in the it's be fired right now Robert other trouble make maybe Robert wrote it Now he's that's way beyond him too many big words in there 10 41 at 5 16 W QM. Hey if you're not familiar with Anthony Kelly and though the main man by now Then I don't know what you've been listening to before you call any of the mortgage company Let the main man tell you what you probably did not know most banks only work with three just three different mortgage products And if you're quite a dislust and positively Absolutely perfect. Then you got Sirus man you're ready to hear the most famous tool at award in the entire language No, if you're not working with the right lender the chance of getting approved our maybe fitting fitty at best And probably less than that So do you yourself a favor get the right deal by calling the right guy call right now Anthony Kelly and though toll free One triple eight for way three loan that's one eight eight eight for a three loan let the main man understand put you in a mortgage that meets your needs Avoid going to the wrong lender. Maybe even being turned down because you call the wrong number call the main man In acceptance capital mortgage today one 888 for a three loan that's one triple eight for way three loan and don't forget every time they close alone Apportion is donated to kids in distress or what's not to like like all anybody else avoid the old bait and switch get you the video You're looking for call the main man Anthony Kelly and though two day one eight eight four eight nine zero eight four a three lend subscribe Go back to him John Paul is going I just red He'd been hanging on my friends when they found him in bed. Thank you all the Catholics that they all said. Bye, Paul. Thanks, Ed. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye, my. I would do have to go. Bye, Paul. All right. So, then, what's really up now, we start the group. Did you hear it last time? Now it's time to have two. Don't doubt it's time to have two. Well, how it's time to have two. Don't ask. I have no life. I have less. I have less. I have less. Leader of the church was his role. But old age had taken his toll. Seven is now his souls. Go. Put the pole and all four as we say. Bye, Paul. We'll say. Bye, Paul. I say. Bye, Peter. So bad I'm gonna. Bye, Paul. Tim, where you finished the early days. Where's Saint Peter? Where's your final in? Are you sure? Four old pontiff now. Sip is up for a pontiff now. Stip is up for a pontiff now. Sip is up for a pontiff now. Sip is up for a pontiff. In nominee for today, I feel he has studied to study. I don't feel so good. Yeah, you're right. They should call Bonacera, man. He could have done a hell of a lot better. He looked really nasty on a pole. Very polled. Yeah, the face of the lips were like pulled back. He looked like 84 years old or something. But they choose them. He didn't have nice little nice slippers. He's a tiny little dainty feed. Stick it up there. That's always something interesting thing. When a guy was addressing as old dainty feed, that indicates something. But I don't want to say that. Too fairy. He didn't admit it. Here's a facts from Pinky who says, I would poke my eyes out before watching anything with Pauli. Sure. We got him on there for it. Pauli, sure. Okay, let's get to this. Well, maybe we'll take few calls. Get some more names on the list where you think. I got to get that Pope article on man. I went to sober. I might read it like every hour. Oh, you, heartless bastard. You can't handle the truth, can you? You emotional cripples. I think I got to call the edge today. It was, it was good call because it goes to show you. I put it out a couple of things that are also put it on this article. And he just, he refused to respond to him. What? That was even saying them, you know? Oh, yeah. But, but, but, but, but the, you mama. Pedal like Gary Sarner, you know, can't reason with him. Although I did see when he came off the elevator, he was saying that a big bright smile on his face. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the, uh, said you to one and, uh, whatever the thing is, Verizon wireless line. Now, here's the deal. One actor actress best fits this description. I won't ever see him over the if that person is in it. Teal is just kicking some serious ass. W to Q a M, hello. I'm polishing my miter. W to Q a M, hello. Pedal like you're a little bit ill. Yes, sir. Uh, Kurt Russell. Whenever she is named, I just, I can't watch that movie. Walt Disney liked him a lot. That's, but Walt's dead, though, you see? Yeah. Yeah. That's what James I told. Go, go, go, he ran. He's dead. Go, he haunt like, said, her Russell. She's been married him for like 80 years. That, that's, that's a strange pairing, isn't it? Why? I don't know. I just, they don't seem to, uh, he was the Disney kid. She was all, you know, uh, and bubble gum. Not really. That's, I don't know. He's just boring. She, she's at least got a little bit of personality. He's all right. Kurt Russell. Never stole a freight train. Get out of here. He's like a separate way from Patrick Swazey. Cornball movies. Yeah. Well, that's another way. Patrick Swazey. Get him on there. Oh, it's good. Guy. Don't see him anymore. Thank God. Haven't heard, uh, I'd rather see John Cameron Swazey. Who's K. He keeps, uh, taking a look at him and, uh, taking in whatever. Nobody can, have a Q. Q. A. M. Hello. Q. A. M. Hello. I do a nail. OK, sir. We've got a very important person that I've never, he'd moved with Jeff Goldblum. Oh, yeah. He's bad. The fly. Yeah. Oh, Eric. Yeah. So, Eric and you. You're a, me. Much too Jewish. All right. Thank you. Jeff Goldblum. Yeah. I don't like him. Yeah. The original movie, the fly with Vincent Price was great. Right. And then they start Jeff Goldblum. The only thing we'd have Goldblum is, once you'd put him in a machine, he came out. You couldn't tell the difference. That's why. Right. Top cast. But you never would heard a fly. Oh, and there was another thing I heard most down on our way to the doctor yesterday about Anthony Perkins. He was talking about Ramling out about bad sports movies and fierce likes out the Jimmy Perkins all story with Anthony Perkins. And Tony Perkins, he said through a baseball like a girl. And when you came through a baseball, how can you play like in a baseball movie? You know, I think what he was trying to say, the Anthony was, but of course he's dead. So they're making a difference at this point. But he was trying to do that, you know, switch routine again. I say. Yeah. Those are his two favorite words. You're fairie. WKOM. Hello. How many Perkins? Yeah. My comfort sounds were a rather normal. The play was a little bit weird. And here's for example. What was it? I have no idea. His comfort zones were something that Errol Flynn nobody said. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? OK, sir. I got it for your pole. Yes. Patron's Zated Jones. Katherine Zated Jones. Hey, right now, pal. She used to be there. Now she's Zeta. Yeah. I've said, Dan, her. Have you ever seen those print commercial performances? Yeah. Where? One time she had, she was on one of those blue screens because it did look like she was in sync with the guy who was next to her when she was explaining about the phone. Yeah. Anyway, it was just something. It was like at the carnival. And I just stuck her head through the thing. Yeah, exactly. It's too good. He even feeds her. OK. Thank you, pal. Eric. All right. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. I was at the end of the video. I don't know. It's good, though. Whatever was it was really good. Jailo, 152 man, a Hachio, honey, what a big fan. Right, though. OK. She is disgusting. Can't complain about her acting because she don't do any. No Gibson, 57. But I have to look over. He's gone. About 30 man. Judy Roberts, 28, right on Ben's ass? I mean, is there any doubt about Ben, I have to look at Matt Damon? Do we have any doubt? I'm not going to make sense. They're different. You understand? Not the same thing. Right. Of course not. But they just don't admit it. Is there any doubt? And they don't admit it. They don't admit it. But Neil, he's mentioned. If you have to break down a cabinet somewhere, if you have to pick a lock, which is your speciality, right, you're going to have to give that tape. But it's just the way he says it is just, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like the car or what it's said. Is he a Rogers and X murderer? Yes, he admits it. You know, I mean, you talk about crunchy old, funny, dirty living in the dark ages, man. You are just so out of it, even with your checkered pants. It was 76, right? When you admitted it? Yeah, I admitted it. Do you have any QA and hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How about Roblo for your own poll? OK, Roblo, the lower he goes the more he, we can't stand him. I don't want to say that anymore. I don't even want to play that bit. Can't play that. No, no. Can't even think about playing that bit. Oh, and so I'm thinking about that. I got a story in here. I'll just give you a little tease on it. Wait, did you hear this? Key law maker calls for criminalizing TV and decency. This is going to make it a regular story. I think he wants to make it a criminal thing. In other words, if you want TV, you like say a crap or like, and of course, like I said, on NBC over the weekend in the tennis matches, not on Sunday, but on Saturday, who over the house plan? The effort was on there a couple of times. Right, loud and clear. I had a report on that. A spy report. Well, let's keep going criminalize, you know, drinking alcohol on a Sunday. I think that peacock is going to be barren. I'm going to be just going to pull all the feathers off. Blime up at the crap, criminalize that. That's criminalized. Everything. What do you say? When he's showing the rake. Oh, here's an excellent one from Dave the cop. Kevin Costner is about as exciting as watching paint dry. It's a very good choice. And he also says your Bimbo number five, maybe the best looking female since to be the curtain began. And excellent. PS with all the cartinals and Rome, you know, who's pitching for Saint Louis tonight. Cute. Cartinals are all in Rome. All I will say the Saint Louis cartinals have better outfits than those get keys there in Rome. Well, I really looking bad with all them. Purple dresses and the caps. And it's just, it's idiotic. It's insane. This whole bureaucracy. What is, what is the need for this? What, what can anybody out there? And of course, we had the the winning thing in the police today. It was a great man. What is it about that whole dog and pony show that requires all of this ostentatious bull crap? That's what I'd like to know. That's how you know it's for real. I see. So in other words, when I was in Rome a few years ago, if I'd have what what a bought one of those outfits like on that CD cover, we had that time. And I would have had my nice eye not good enough. Martha's on. Oh, I see that they have to give you one. What is this? Cardinals said, coalized take it himself out of the running for a pulp. That's cute. Fearing he would be known as Pocicola. That is very cute. Thank you very much, Jim. You're making a comeback. Nice gone. I don't know if I'm luck but you're making a comeback. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Don't have any fast from lia, yet. The door open twice since I said that the first time was clear it's in the second time was muffin. It sure is I wasn't either one of them. Now, although, definitely, he did like the idea of great standing over shoulder dictating all of those things while he was typing it out as a little pewter. I can see that, can't you? Oh, yeah. Just spelled that word. Yeah. Uh-huh. That was a QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, I'm not too. Wipey Goldberg and Jennifer Lopez. Okay, Wipey Goldberg, Jennifer's already kicking ass, but Wipey belongs on there. I wouldn't watch her if you paid me a thousand dollars a minute. I just can't. I can't handle looking at her. I mean, look at him in the mirror is hard enough in the morning but look at her. I can't deal with it. I'd rather see, move him with Hank Goldberg and Wipey Goldberg. Yeah. Well, maybe he will actually I'll see him again one of these days if he ever shows up. I told you he was a little on Friday. Right. He sounded raspy and, uh, and probably that meal at Morton's thick house is what put him over the edge. Stop it. I was big meals. You fat so man. Stop it. I'm telling you, you put enough stress on your system and they all all systems start shutting down. You know, just like tell me. Very evil. Like I don't know. You don't know what. I know what happened. You're fat. And even you haven't experienced it firsthand. You know, like fat rich like your brother like your good buddy there. The family. Yeah. Like down bellies is nephew. Mm-hmm. In the box. I've heard how in the funeral now for what Hank all of that respect all of the bad. Loosen out to to what you're playing tank. Go to horse health and of course way. But I'm maybe he's sleeping in. Okay. Because the more hours you sleep the less chance you have to eat. See what I'm saying is that that's good. Well, I'm hoping I'm hoping for. But I think he'll be back tomorrow. We had the guilty yesterday, which was really just absolutely unacceptable. And camera this morning, which, uh, you know, it is what it is. 1057 a Q.A.M. What it comes us for. We are the authorities. Of course we are by 16. So we're in the... No Roger show. This is your blame. You're fair. Any questions? We try to take up drugs. So we don't wear a play without talk. I'm sorry. We like to sing. We drink a little beer with more than a pot. I can't even make a shot. Our rins don't fit me. Don't wear suits. We have big bill fuggles and cowboy boots. We don't drive the bends or only a half. But thank Heaven will be shot. We're nothing kind of vocal. We live our lives taking the lattice. We're dead. We're all participating in my own goals. But there's strength, please. For Huckin' this. Thank God we don't get shot. We do have a good time. And a whole down 10 to no. It's not to bullet from the city. We don't have even toast with ghosts. We'd rather drink for us. We'd rather make love and shit to kill. Nobody ever try to put a Kevin Feinfield. We kiss our girls with a phone call. They said maybe Tim McGrall. We're not the kind of vocal in our lives taking the lattice. For a dance we're all participating. We may own goals. But there's strength, please. For Huckin' this. Thank Heaven for your shots. Have to be some taste off. Absolutely. It's 11.03 or five. 60 WQA. And by the way, no coffee for Gary Sarner in the building. Coffee for closers. Plus it might be trough. You don't know what he's closing. Oh, yeah. No, he's not. Here's one from Robert who says, add the Adam Sandler and Norma Donald to the pole. And Norma Donald? That's what it says. Okay. Why did you ask that? And such a... Doctor. Oh, just the way you said it. Also, can you please pay a place of Mickey, but... I mean, yeah. They're getting a little bit ponderous to Mickey, but so you think... They're just aren't enough of them. If there were some new ones, huh? Bob and Ford Laterdale says, how about Madonna? No question about it. Not that she made that many movies, but boy when she did. Ooh, man. It's either those pits or it's just the movies or both. Here's one that says, from somebody, I can't stand watching any movie with Vin Diesel, with Vin Diesel. Vin Diesel? Go? Protests. I best. Jay says, the worst actor in his story cinema is Bill Pachton. Is he akin to like Buddy Bud Pachton? Bill Pachton couldn't play a dead man if he wanted to do. He single-handedly ruined a U-571, which could've been a decent movie if he wasn't in it. Also, can't stand Drew Barrymore. I get nauseous sitting in my cube thinking about her success as Jay. Drew Barrymore. Well, her name is Barrymore, and she was very long-green for about 10 minutes. Right? Right? I heard he drove her nuts. But anyway, all in here, now talk about a fake facts. You know, who's sending some of these facts as Mo? Remember how he used to call? Like, we used to get that hour for Boca? Oh, that? Remember that? Oh yeah. He's definitely sending facts as cause this one right here is for me. Even though it's signed Dave, it says, what is your problem? Did Howard tell a lie on you? You are gay. So what is the problem? I would understand you're writing rage if you were straight. Sign Dave. It's Mo. Most signed it. You know what I mean? That's a loot. Right? Am I right? No question about it. Because no, it's either. It's got to be one of two things. Either it really is somebody named Dave who so stupid he doesn't get it. He doesn't get the whole point. I was making or it's Mo being very indignant. And I'll rage. You are my favorite. So what's wrong with you saying that? It's one of his friends. One of the most friends? Right. Golfing buddy. I'm talking with him. Old Farts goes out to eat with old Farts in the condo. Joe says for the poll, if Norton, Smarmy, obnoxious, half asleep and ugly. About his compelling as a chess game in a porno. PS, ever notice a C, Matt, Drog and Paul in in the same room here. Don't be knockin' Paul in at least he was funny. Okay. By the way. Do fairer. And he admits it. That he was funny. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I got to get to this. The Pope stuff. The Pope stuff. The Pope stuff. And this poll, I mean, jail was just making such a monster. But she just raced, he's off to the races. The don't like to be around for a buddy. Yeah, once we get away, you got to run her. Tell him to kill me. Tell him to kill me. Tell him to kill me. Tell him to kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Yes, sir. How about that fucker-relooking bitch face? We're gonna go with her. Okay. She's got awful. She's no one to see the crews. No, no. She says they're gonna get a new watch. Exactly. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Remember that song? Seek crews by Frankie Ford? Yeah. It's around here somewhere. Yeah, I want my girl to play that honor of Seedacruz. Or he just play Seedacruz. I don't want to play you no more Seedacruz. In fact, instead of that, I'd rather play. Where is your longest trade? You idiot for a very long time. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired fool? Just a help us. Does that seem clear to you? To help us. To help men who are going out there. To try to earn a living. You company man. You're fair. Excellent. Major news media run a world of voted 10 times as many stories to Pope John Paul's The Tuesday death is they did the reelection of President Bush according to an analizational release yesterday. The global language monitor, which scans the internet for use of specific words or phrases using a Roman characters found 35,000 news stories on the Pope in 24 hours after his death Saturday 35,000 news stories. This compares with about 3500 news stories on Bushman and Davis reelection and a thousand news stories on former President Reagan within the day of his death last year. 35,000 news stories on ill-puffa. How do you like that? Yeah. Is that embarrassing or what? Ah. Guys, this show you're like the Chinese say it's a glacier belt. That's what they say. Now, why did you do this? Here's that article that I kept threatening to read. Very short. It's short. It's great. Terry Eagleton in the Guardian UK, the Pope has blood on his hands. John Paul II became Pope in 1970. It's just as the emancipatory sixties were declining in a long political night of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher. As the economic downturn of the early seventies began to bite, the Western world made a decisive shift to the right, and the transformation of an obscure Polish bishop from Carol, watched tillets, a John Paul II, was part of this wider transition. The Catholic Church had lived through its own brand of flower power in the sixties, known as the Second Vatican Council, and the time was now ripe to rain in leftist monks, clap-happy nuns, and Latin American Catholic Marxists. All of this had been set in train by a Pope John III, whom the Catholic Conservatives regarded as at best wacky in a worse disobeyed agent. What was needed for this task was someone well trained in the techniques of the Cold War. As the prolet from Poland watched tillahail from what was probably the most reactionary national outpost of the Catholic Church, full of modern, merry worship, nationalist, fru-ver- and ferocious anti-communism. Years of dealing with a Polish communist had turned him and his fellow Polish bishops into consummate political operators, in fact, it turned the Polish church into a set-up that was at times not easy to distinguish from the silence bureaucracy. Both institutions were closed, dogmatic, sensurious, and hierarchal, a wash with myth and personality coasts. It was just like many other altering goes they happen to be deadly enemies, locked in lethal combat over the soul of the Polish people. Aware of how little they had won from dialogue with the Polish regime, the bishops were in decline to bend a row and wiggins like here to both sides of the theological conflict that was raging with a universal church. On a visit to the Vatican before he became Pope the authoritarian march till it was horrified of the set of bickering theologians. This was not the way they did things in Warsaw. The conservative wing of the Vatican, which had the tested the Vatican Council from the outset, and done its utmost to the rail at thus looked at the polls for salvation. When the throne of Peter Frelam did the Conservatives managed to swallow their reversion to an unattended Pontiff and elected one for the first time since 1522. Once enscanced in power, John Paul II said about a rowing back of the liberal achievements of Vatican II, prominent liberal theologians were summoned to his throne for addressing down. One of his primales was to restore two papal hands, the power that had been decentralized at local churches. In the early church, laymen and women elected their own bishops, Vatican II didn't go as far as that, but insisted on the doctrine of collegiality that the Pope was not to be seen as, toppled II de Copy, but as first among equals. John Paul, however, acknowledged the quality with nobody. From his early years as a priest who was notable for his exorbitant belief in his own spiritual intellectual powers, Graham Green once dreamed of a newspaper headline reading, John Paul canonizes Jesus Christ. The Egyptians were summoned to Rome to be given their orders not for fraternal consultation. Loupy far-right mystics and Francois were honored and led the Latin American political liberationists bald out. The Pope's authority was so unassailable that the head of a Spanish seminary man's to convince his students that he had the Pope's personal permission to masturbate them. The result of all centering of power and Rome was an infantillization of the local churches. Couragey found themselves incapable of taking their shivers without nervous glances over the shoulders at the Holy Office. It was just at this point when the local churches were least capable of handling a crisis maturely that the child's sex abuse scandal broke. John Paul's response was to reward an American cardinal who had a seriously covered up the outrage with a plush posting in Rome. The greatest crime of his papacy hour was neither as part of this cover up nor as the end of the lie to two or two or two women. It was to grow test irony by which the Vatican condemned as a culture of death, condoms, which might have saved countless Catholics in the developing world for managganizing AIDS death. The Pope goes to his eternally ward with those deaths on his hands. He was one of the greatest disasters for the Christian church since Charles Darwin. Okay. How do you like that? Short and sweet. Got to sum right on it. And that's because the Pope told him it was okay. What do you Allen? Only thing worse than in the Yorker is a Jew in New Yorker. It says when will he stop making movies? Someone please, uh, Tilly Tudor has asked off the road. Ha ha ha ha. Poor Tilly Tudor. I wonder if she's still hanging out. She still is. What do we got here? Another one. It says, how about Martin Lawrence? That actor. Oh, yeah, who that is? Who's not you? Oh, you? You do. He does movies with Will Smith as a matter of fact for double. Then I don't know who it is. He's a comedian. I don't watch Will Smith. You ever see, you know, my son, I'm an artist. That he's going to go off position. That guy. Oh, no. Oh, no. Get him on there right away. From an attempt to 11 to 5, 60. It's opening day. Baby, why would anybody be listening to this? Wouldn't go out there and get to smell a cracker jack and popcorn and peanuts and hot dogs and all that good stuff there. So what used to be Joe Robby Stadium? See, the idea of a baseball game at Dolphin Stadium. That's just that blows, you know. Nice going way and you, you, you, ax murder, you grave robber. What an idiot. Oh, he and I have pretty much the same haircut right now. I got more hair than you do way. Yeah, he's got the money. I got the hair. Yeah, his that's way shinier. Oh, yeah. Even after all this time, some of you are still a little bit nervous about picking up the phone and buying your mattress without going and touching it and feeling and squeezing it in the mattress too. Well, here's the deal. I've been doing it for years. And I guarantee you, you'll love the way it works when you call 1-800 mattress because you'll fight out. They've got the most liberal exchange policy in the world. There's no risk at all. If you don't like it, send the goods back to replace it for you. You know that 1-800 mattresses got more repeat customers than anybody else in the industry. So once you try it, I will guarantee you I'll bet you the water not see his life on it. You'll never go back to a show or again. You'll get no nonsense, no run around, no show or mission at against just factory drag prices on the best brands. You know, trust and love. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling me company, right? Number one, in customers satisfaction too. And all the top brands that you know and love, they got them. Seriously, service Simmons King Royal temper, P.D. even Stearns and Vananas Foster. And now, dial a mattress offer as you know payments or interest till 2006. So no more excuses. Call dial a mattress today. They'll be knocking on you during no time at all. And you still pick that to our window where it's convenient for you. They really show up. I've been using them for years along with Moe and George and McGill and Fat Boy and all the full CPU M-Setters 5 customers too. Call 1-800 mattress right now or log under their website, MacRest.com to guarantee yourself a fantastic night sleep for years and years to come. Gold-800 M-aTRES. Okay? yaniarat planet呀. Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and if I sent my little granny, Oh, we've been in Jedner's X-Craft League. Oh, well he's the fella, happy to have me. No, but they are fillet. Well he's a pretty digital son, who doesn't have to run, no one else has gone away any night as well, just who'd ride in? She's hard, she's hard, she's hard, he has a golden spoon, he was born with nothing that so look out on you, dude. Oh, and ready for the gas, he's a fella, happy to have me. Oh, he'll give our civil rights the way I think. Oh, why did he, the fella, happy to have me. Oh, a rare fella. Well he's a very wealthy dude, with very bad diffused, who never paid his dues, by the exterior of his grocery store. She's hard, she's hard, she's hard. Any spark between that grain against buddy, but K-Wise will you think they call it silver? Victoria Lanyway, isn't Malahasinazi? Oh, Bill, they can take a can, happy. Oh, daddy, the fella, happy to have me. No, but bad, they're lame. Come on, let's do this. Let's go. 1118, Lyle was just in the, I mean, the Gregory was just in here. Also, John Jarris was in before doing a little ghost stepping. He said, we're going to have a German Pope, how do you like that? And I put my arm or stand in my arm or a piece of nail, you got it, just like that. But when that great scene, Gregon here, how would I surprise? Huh? Do fairy. Anyway, it's 1118. What are you smirkling about in there? Don't be, what was the word you used? Who interjecting so much? Oh, that's I was there. She was great. You see the big smile on Grace face like it was happy to see me in everything? Yeah, I thought. And I gave him the same look too. It was great. What actor actress best fits this? I won't ever see a movie if so and so. Or you don't even have to bleed fun here, do you? It's a little bit of this thing, really, is bad, you know? It's what you love it. Yeah, it's bad. If someone's chosen it. Jailo, 179 man, she is king of the world. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's so-and-so-is-in. Jailo, 179 man, she is king of the world. But he's the big fan. What is it? The hot box. I don't use it. I know. Oh, that's a good one though. Better in mind. Mel Gibson, 66. Pauli Shore, but Pauli Shore was only under for like about a minute. He's already got 47 votes. He's a skyrocketing. He may pass Jailo like he's laid out. And if I think that was great, if she worked. Ben Affleck 33. George Oromert is God. God, third man. Richard year 27 will Smith 20. John Revolta 15. Robert Downey, June 12. George Clooney, a journey faster so John Hinkley, though, would like to see the movie. Will we let him out? Just for the weekend. Just a few minutes under the video. We'll pick over six Bruce Willows, six Jackie Chan five. Woody Allen, four. Vin Diesel three. Ron Renee Zell, where you're two. Bill Paxton. I don't know who Bill Paxton is. He's a minor actor in a lot of movies. He's mostly character actor. I had very few. He's a minor actor. He's at it. But Richard Crena, right. He was a good actor. He was just fine. But he was just, you know, character actor. Madonna 2 and one for Martin Lawrence, Drew Barrymore, Adam Sandler, Kevin Costa, Catherine Zita Jones. Ruben Sierra is not on here yet. Oh, Jim Goldblum, Ruben Sierra, who's now Ruben Zabaisball player. Now he's Ruben Sierra. Just has to start with the season. And the Yankee, where it's talking to him, I caught that. He used to be Ruben Sierra. His whole life he was Ruben and I mean, if you ever had a Ruben sandwich? Not lately. Oh. It's like a combination of remember the rat Ben and then Ruben Paul. It's a Ruben sandwich. Oh, gross. Yeah. I'm not sure which is worse. A Kurt Russell one time hangs one. Only one for time hangs. What is wrong with you people, man? I know there's some pretty good choices on here. But time hangs. Wow. You couldn't pay me enough to see him movie with him in it. I mean, there has been enough money printed in history. Just to see that. He just retired. Oh, my God. And talk about taking yourself to seriously. Good. Molly, you miss Golly. Even Alice Randtel don't take her herself. That's serious. Hey, Alice. You're fair. Now who'd I leave out? Well, there's some don'ts about it. There were no votes. We got a good list going. It's a good 560, 560, and a Verizon singular wireless lines. We've got another 100, 200 names on there. And then we got the opening day. Oh, it's opening day. I don't understand why you're not all whips up. I don't have your baseball glove in here today. Oh. Oh. No, I'm sorry. WCWM, hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, I'm going to Italy and I heard you talking to the other day about the best teach in the world. Could you tell me the name of the place? The name of the place? In Rome, you say it's the best teacher out in your life. It's, uh, you're not going to find. It's called SDSTST. You're not going to find zero the train station. You're saying the Statsioni Statsioni Statsioni. Well, I appreciate it. Thank you, sir. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Across the street from there isn't even better. You're right, Dron. Don't make pizza over there. It's downstairs. It's my approach. Some of that for years, many years have been going there. I can't figure out what the name of the restaurant is. It doesn't have like a sign. This is tried to read. Oh, man. The best thing they have there is the simplest. Just the spaghetti, pomadoro. And they like they mix the Parmesan cheese, fresh. You know, they toss it inside the, and roll it up to Minnesota. Ah, I don't care what anybody ever tells you. There is just nothing like that in the world. It's just so phenomenal. No, I'm not sure. And then for dessert, maybe a little gelato, Mr. Or maybe someone who's great at chatting desserts. But anyway, let's not do the food thing. Or he will wait till tomorrow when we got the brought. We're said low carb stuff in here tomorrow. Now also can help with my little guy. I was telling me that there's a great new or signing diet. Forget about atkins. It's out. South beaches out. And there's something new that everybody is doing and talking about. And I haven't heard. He doesn't know what it is. Who? What is it? A dying. No, sir. There's a new diet. Everybody does the law. We don't eat diets. I haven't heard about it. Abuted. I follow that as much as I follow sports. Yeah. Because you're not fat. And you're in different calories to our dose of our fat. Why the one diet? And it was lives are hanging in the balance. The crap. You're in different. And you just know nothing different. Not care. There's only one diet. But it's like a 75 scripts of bacon. They sent over yesterday morning. And now you notice I didn't. I had just a few. You didn't. No, I didn't throw him out of give back to you. You take a bunch of. I'm going to give the rest of you. And you need to eat them. We're tossed. But that. I don't know. Go through that again. So because that one day that I did that was it last year and even before. They sent about 7,000 ships of bacon. And I just love bacon. I couldn't stop eating it. It's just. It's just so good. You know how he's just got the best bacon going. But after the first 200 strips, you know, it's just a little bit over the top. And by the way, I never got it. You see that was mole. That Dave. That was him. You think? I know it. There's no. I'm telling you. He is sending taxes. He might even be a liar for all we know. What? Because he never refers to himself in any way. But Mr. David or Howard. Yeah. In fact, the first one was, oh, I got upset about something you said about Howard, David. Remember that? Who else in this building would be upset about that? Name me anybody. So much time you give me. Two mid-night. Next Monday. I think I'll go through the list. Yeah. I see what I'm saying. Name me anybody. Yeah. He's looking at the person's voice. No. Let's go. Keep looking. Okay. I'm talking to the building up in that. Keep looking at the list. Yeah. Name me one. It would be upset about anything that I said about Moe. Huh? He's not in him. Can you come up with anybody even close? Even a close-fax similar. Are you the people I don't really talk to? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, this somebody here I don't recognize. I think it doesn't count. That's a lie. Yes, sir. Hey. Who is the guy that put a cap in the dome from there? Some shermok. I don't know. Some guy that don't like her. Some smoke. And he's making it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, she's okay. I don't have any problem with Catherine. She did. She's pretty good actress. She's been in some good things. She's hot. I'm Michael Douglas since she's hot. And there's a lot of people who agree. So what's not to like? I mean, she's very, very, very, very. That's not to like. Yeah, I don't. I'm not going to put him on the list because he has been in some excellent movies like federal attraction. And he was in some horrible movies too. Like traffic. I mean, he ought to go out and play in traffic after making a movie like that. That drug that drug movie. Was that a thing? Oh, that boy. Marjorie. Well, no. It was off. It didn't go anywhere. Like the end was like, uh, I don't know. Didn't say anything. That wasn't the one with pretty sealed del Toro. It may have been. I don't remember. I don't know. Well, what would we not like about him? Uh, he's okay. Okay. To be said, okay. Let's say, Neil Rogers, wrong on politics, wrong on religion, wrong on America, wrong on the road. Sign the position now at silo. Silenced Neil Rogers dot org. Oh, that's good. I like that. This is a mole again. Oh, he's frantic now. I don't know. Okay. I'm going to miss you out there. Get a miss your appointment. If gay G. And of course the G stands for gay. Oh, here's another pouring in there. They're all from him. How come all you do is complain, complain. Always negative. Who Hank has filling in has nothing in with you. Whoever fills in. All you do is complain. You are not managed. But we are the men who've been on this station. Yeah. This is PD Lena here, right? When you have your own station, then it's okay for you to complain the way you do. Hank doesn't appear to be quite awake when he's doing it. You're either. Why not complain about Hank. I want to send the back. See if they're there. But Hank, mumbles and guilty of squeaking. Okay, PD Lena. Go on and sell some spots. I'm sure they needed down the dial there. Okay. Or up the dial wherever you're up the Hershey highway. Whoever it is, they hate you and anybody you like. Oh, they're all they actually don't. Well, they hate it. No, no. It's so tender stance in Oshanpur. Right. Right. Somebody's stirring the pot. Sure. That's their tackle. You like it. Another after another. Man. Here's what it says. What about John Rift? He's already on there. Also, are you still feuding with Mo? He sucks. Play the draft. I'm saying, oh yeah. He works like that. Just amazing. Just I won't be the second day here. And I'll build a hyperventilating. John Girre said, well, whatever you hear, there's kind of like a buzz in the building. There's electricity in the air. Yeah. What does that mean? I mean, he thinks this is a buzz cut. Yeah. That's what they used to call it back in the day. Oh, for all parts like you and me, John, a buzz cut. Maybe everybody's buzzed in the middle. They're all buzzed. And they're all crawling around the floor. And that's why I need to call dry concepts because there's a mess on the flow. When you crawl around too much on the floor, man, you have no idea what's going into your carpeting. In fact, let me say it again. Your carpets are as bad as your sink. When it comes to collecting germs, there are spots in there, baby. If you want your carpets just like brand new, I mean really sanitary. And of course, look in like brand new. The only way to do this have our friends to dry concepts come to your home like they've been doing for me for over 20 long, amazing years now. Dry concepts has got certified technicians who really know their stuff. You can trust your expensive of goods to them. You're carpeting. Your furniture, your dreary spits of air, your rugs and ore and rugs, all of these things. And of course, because dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique. Your carpets are dry in just an hour and a half. So it's not a slogan. It's for real. It's the MS when they say you can clean today and entertain tonight. Call dry concepts. You'll find out why I've used them for over 20 years myself. And whether they've been doing it in town for over 26 years now. Nobody doesn't like these people. And Dave Broward and Palm Beach is called dry concepts to offer you 1-800-2-485-071. That's 1-800-2-485-071. Dry concepts making carpets clean in South Florida, like I said since 1979. When it comes to sports, we are so ready. Sports for you by 60. Can you wait here? They're then sex. Did you see all ratings with a West book? Yeah I know it's from LaDee. You're a good dog for the bus. What you're back to? You're a little bit more wait for no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're a little bit more wait for no more. I got enough. I gotta think about a top again right there. And I don't need a rating that's a minor. So dare what you do? Don't get us on this, you gotta wait a little hot on the guest you want. A real shit God's to go. And a lot of that produces you know. That's right. Get back back. Don't you want a wait for no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like your back back. You want wait for no, no, no, no, no. Oh, you're a brother. Oh, that's what I don't understand. You can leave from a trough while you're in both hands. Just say, that's what you made already small. You just right click to the floor, you are small. That is straight to your flat ass out. Well, I'll take the boat out of your mouth. That's right, but you're back. That's what you want, right? You want more boat, no more. You want more boat, no more. That's what you're back for. You want more boat, no more. This is what we say. You're back to the back. You want more boat, no more boat, no more boat. You want more boat, no more. That's what you want, you want more. You want more boat, no more. You want more. You got that's bad, dude. I don't want more time and you want more. You got that's bad. It's 1133. So I showed this facts to ladies' liel facts to Greg, who was in here. And he looked at it and I showed him my list of suspects on here. And he said they're the beast. I said, yeah, he likes to do it enough trouble. It would be typical to him. He said, a lot of things he knows that much about arbitron and the ratings and so on. Now, I don't recall all these facts as verbatim, word for word. Close to it. But do you remember anything about arbitron ratings or anything like that in any of these? No, I might have saved one. How do you like that? The pieces of the puzzle are starting to fall together. How do you like it? Oh yeah. This is like a shallow comms episode. Watch me, Greg's paint attention to the show. Yeah, that's good. Might as well not have an alternative. Let's see. Oh, now I'm marking Colorado Springs. I can't believe you said, oh, dear, you're right. Over the top. Jim Carrey. Yeah. Over the top. Way over. I mean, there's one thing to be overacting and there's nothing to be over. What would you call it? Overfected. Yeah, overfected. With the faces and the evidence. I like Robin Williams. Just, yeah, I mean, I like both of them, but in movies. In fact, why don't we put Robin Williams on there? Pat Adams. He is just, and I'm going to say it again. Why don't I bring you that movie? You've already seen it, have you? Do I always rob more games in Mad Damon? What does the name of that movie? Oh, what is it? You know what it is. Yeah. It's got some kind of a stupid looking for Mr. Damon. I want to go. Goodwill. Goodwill hunting. You saw it? No. You haven't seen it. Don't. What don't see if you hated Pat Adams, you really hate the Goodwill hunting. Anyway, Jim Carrey says he's never funny and malicious. Martin Calvary is free. Thank you very much, Martin. Maybe we'll also end up in the list of suspects for a while. Yeah, Moa sent it as facts. He's now a fast and frantic. Just outrageous stuff. That great. He's just hyperventilating. Come in and kill me. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I got one for the poll. Okay. Time daily. Time daily. She's disgusting. Okay. And maybe you can dig out an old David Peel record today. The folks smoke soap. An old David's interview. Let me ask you a question. You listen to the show. Yeah. How often do you listen to the show? All of it. All of it. All of it. Then why would you ask me if I did? Did we play that almost every day on this show? That's not a doubt. The phone starts now. Yeah. Sorry. Okay. Find a life to it out of here. If you can dig out an old David. Why even ask you know, why do I understand? Well, well, I'm a slow learner. God David, please rise. The phone is gone. And now we're not playing it right now though. 560, 560 pound, 560 on either ride in singular ride of slimes. Got 800 names in his pool already. A lot of people. If you people in Hollywood would pay attention to discover. If you do more of your hocus, pocus, pocus groups you discover. There are a lot of people that we don't want to see. No, no, no, no. Our for poker. Here's another line. Just wait. Oh, here it is. Not one of those. While watching the news, I see the next big hyperventilated news to read these. They're gearing up. It'll be the return of the shark attacks. Nah, that's small stuff. Right? Small stuff. Yeah. They'll read beach. They'll be posting to poker Brian. I wish I was a camera on him while taping those bits. That'd be great. That'd be fun to watch. First of all, he's at his white DVDs. Oh, no. At least. Ah, at worst. I mean, at best. It says it's something about a 50-something balling guy. Sinking those songs has to be great and pathetic at the same time. That's a good point. Right. That's poker Brian. He is great and pathetic at the same time. That's him. Also, here's one. She's not in a movie's friend, Russia. Because she ever made a movie. He is. The man he did. And the movie's one. He did she make. She was, um, all like you're going to make the name some. Alabama. Ali was out there. Like men with Robin Williams. Yeah. Put her on there. When she makes me, she is nasty. Man, the ADL ought to be after her ass. You talk about a walking ant for anti-symmatism. See, they're her, uh, Gary Bittman. By the way, they had two more meetings like, they're two more proposals they turned out last night. Eight hours of meetings in Toronto. The NHL anything happened. They're going to play. No. Now, anybody here care? No. Because it's opening day for baseball. What does that take me out to the Marlon Stingler? Is that in bad taste? It's under take. No, I know what it is. But I'm just, I almost didn't have to say. Hey, Greg came in. Huh? On this show. You can get to the bad taste. When Greg came in, he like, uh, screwed up the whole show as usual. I was just about to play it. And I said a wrong line. See what I mean? Before he could mess up the Pope. Oh, not at this point, I guess. And it won't go back on the other line now. Look at this. No. Nice going, Greg. There you are. The Marlon Stingler. They're so bad music now. Inject hot beaters with crackle. Okay, look at that. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. That was great. I told her I had to feel it. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. So I guess we're not going to be taking out to the Marlon Stingler like that after all. And now that we're no longer the flagship station for the Dolph. What are we going to do, huh? Now that we're not going to give that $4.5 million to Wayne to paint his ball spot. Oh, that was beautiful. WKOM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just moved to Miami and I'm afraid of my tomato. Make sure to find you at a radio in order to find something American. Could you let me know? Do you know whether or not English is still the primary language? I'm still in the county. You must be dream and manner. Crazy. Who talks you into moving into Miami? I had to come to him for a job. But now I'm looking to relocate. Yeah. Broward County man. There are at least 10 people are speaking English. But now it was just a official that. I mean, it was just English. I'm not sure the official place in public place. English is banned in Dave County. Absolutely. Okay. All right. We're lucky. Apparently I would not pack too fast. I'm panicked. I'm doing it. Okay. Thank God for me. Okay. See you like that. Got to move to Miami on suspecting for a bastard. Now, I bet you don't even have that Bob and Tom written here. Nobody speaks English. Yeah. I never had it in my hands or in the studio. We don't have that discussion. And you wouldn't feed it down to me. You said, I figured, how about I'm going to play that? You know, you got it from from from in from in Tom. This that you only have up there. I have never has never been to the studio. Well, I don't know. I got to leave now. See you. I mean, I'm for that guy. I would have been perfect. Wouldn't it play that right now? Nobody speaks English. Would have been a pre-frict. No, the pre-frict? No. He's a kid of the Pope. Five, six, seven, five, six. He's akin to him. Yeah. Powered by everybody has bigger feet. Powered by sixty on a horizon. So I guess we narrowed it down to Gary Sarner, PD, let me in, fed for it. And John Jarrison, he looked at my list. He said, oh, I think PD, let me. It sounds like him. See, it's a lot easier to pick somebody who's not in the building anymore. And they're probably right, but nevertheless, it is obviously somebody obsessed with this show who's listening just nonstop. I mean, 24, seven, 25, eight. I mean, the four hours that were on live and then probably on tape just over and over just obsessed. That's the one thing I will say is that there are a lot of people who is building obsessed with me and this show. And you're a part of that, of course. Which is not a good thing. No, it's not. Never has been for me. Why they hate you, like, poison. Because they don't have the guts to say to me, oh, you're a piece of crap. And by, unless it's an anonymous facts, you know, right? And if you don't like them, if you don't like them for some reason, somehow, that's my fault. poison in the water. You mean, like, Jarrison? Maybe that's why engineering won't do anything when you bitch about it. But if I do it, I come in here and demand them. Extra bounty points that they aggravate me. Oh, that's right. That's from Greg. That's because Greg hates you. That's a whole different story. I mean, that's the bottom line of everything that goes on. And we already, you. Greg hates you. Right. So to smooth with the ball. And so to start up to the boss, they have to, like, Turdie, and then he likes him a lot better. Get brownie points, a little bonus in the check. If you make a joke in a meeting about me, I wonder, Sam's the on the payroll, by the way. 19 till noon. It's about that. That is not a joke. That is a serious, uh, I'll allow taking on my part. I don't know what your, uh, laughing about. When you shop for quality food, where I want you to get your ass over And your feet too to brand these in Pompano Beach, because it's a great store that I've been talking about for years for a long, long time. How much is this brand use of been in town? About 7,000, 50,000, maybe not 50, maybe about 30 minutes. 30,000 other shoe stores have come and gone, but brand use is still going strong because they give you an unbeatable combination. They give you a friendly personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. And boy, that's important. They give you the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes name brand. Choose anywhere in town. And unbeatable prices, all of these things what could possibly be not to like. If brandies, they got all the top names in the shoe business, rock ports, floor shine. S.A.S. spirit, Timberland naturalizer and lots more. And you could just about big, great, great, reach life out at whatever style you pick out. Your size is on the shelf right in the top on your feet right now. Brandies is open every day. Break each you Monday to Saturday from 9 to 9 and some days 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. It's always worth the trip. This week gets a great time to buy S.A.S. Brandies take 20 to 40 bucks off all great men's and women's styles this week. And don't forget the big trunk show all day tomorrow and Thursday Brandies. So be sure to get your ass in the store this week or do your shoe shopping on their website, Brandies shoes.com. Breakouts, don't be interested in this. We've got to see our biggest personality. Watch for something to get to the tip. What's with your five six six? She's right here. The Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. I check one two. Thank you for coming. I'm 50 cent and I'm the game. We're here to put the answer to his violent rap wall. My call and it's Roots. Roots. Roots. I thought we was calling C.S.Fire. No fool. And it'll cease fire. The truth. Your step off. It's a truth. It's a truth. It's fire. This fire. It's a long 45, 560 WQM. We got Marlon's day today. It's opening day. Maybe. It's a cracker jack. I think we got to play that. We couldn't play that. Take me out to the. But we can play. Where is that thing? Was it under Harry? Harry. Harry. Harry. We're seeing it. We have to the ball game. What is this? What does that mean? It looks. Exactly. Where is that thing? What is that thing? Ruffa. A-1-2. A-2. A-3. Here's today. T-o-2-0-4. T-o-2-1-3. A-2-1. T-o-2-0. T-o-2. Too moving. Why means to be a Jackback. Go Jack. I don't care. I'm a drug of mass law, you liar. You fair. You fair. One, two, three, my surrogate, you old, a drug of terror. Yeah, leave it to Shri Lock, what rig is in there to do it. You're right. See, I hadn't paid that much attention to the hitter on these effects. But, you know, recognizing that as instantly as they recognize the palm of my hand. The, uh, heroinies, faxes that allegedly come from while is the same as the ones that come from Dave Friedman. Pretty continuous. A-A-A, fat boys for more neighbors. Hi, I'm Pally. A-K-A to when it calls up and we'll say about 10 words and then go, Hi, I'm Pally. You want to, uh, for the fact that you have today about how we, how we, uh, you fat boys bring in a minute, it's fat boy and Dave Friedman. This is their hobby now. They're a liar. Isn't that great? Yeah, you're all warm and crazy. I was gonna play, uh, that, uh, f*** job, but I can't, you don't have the remix in there. And it's a real plan. What? What's the remix in there? What? There should be two. There aren't. There are two in my, the, the, the, the first two in here. I'm sure not risking that. No, don't risk it. Ha ha ha ha ha. Especially after they take me out to the Marlins thing. The server, what they're doing? Yeah, right. Pinox, or something. Sounds like that. That's what he said. So anyway, it's a fat boy. Okay, so we want to apologize to anybody else we thought it was because we're, we're positive at this point. It's fat boy. And, and you recall, of course, this is on the heels of me sending me that facts up there about, Oh, you've been by, I put up with you, you're crap to last ten years. And I'll sales people work so hard. And how can we pick it up? It's him. It's fat boy. So next time he comes in, we're gonna, we're gonna take that walking stick. Recto. And that's where I'm gonna stick it. If, if we could find the candy in the crevices, bring some flower. Yeah. We found the candy in the crevices. He probably eaten. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60 on me for rising. Oh, it's great to be here boys and girls. That's great for this for a few days. Just to get the taste to feel the smell. Speaking of fat boy, the ambiance of this toilet. WCWM, hello. I said, yeah, another facts. All bunch of facts is better with such an exciting revelation. Frant Wresher was in center night people with a revolta and for the pool. Don Johnson. Well, he was good in the boy in his dog. And then he did my mevison. We learned to hit him like poison. And after that he started to call him with San Major. It says I'd rather have cancer treatment than see that pussage. Johnson and plantation. Okay, Jonathan. Ah. Don Johnson. Here's one of the says this. Polls should go right into the top of the list. Steven Siegel. Siegel. Right. Johnathan, Levinson. Siegel. Are you going to start with that band Diesel stuff again? It's a good choice by the way. Except them will be where he got thrown out of the plane in the first 10 minutes. That was great. That was a really good movie. Was he really? Steven Siegel. Yes. Well, good for him. Here's one that says I was listening to the gambling channel about a week you are so in Gene Wells who's Jane Wells ever heard of it. Does this segment called Biz Breaves was talking about a company that for the first time had a profit in 30 years. You're a friend Ted David called out. How many years was this? You own GLD out? But third man. Your influence is nationwide, baby. How do you like that? Is that incredible? Of course, Ted David is such a good one. That's a great one. I'm going to start with the gambling channel. Let me say it again, Ted. Happy a piece of it. And you all belong in jail. They're in a gambling channel. I want my money back. As for your pull, Martin Short is the most annoying person with absolutely no talent beside Moe. Oh, my God. As speaking, I'm all here's another facts. The Moe here. The Moe. Our from Boca. It says from anonymous. Okay. I love to be viable of the Rogers versus David rivalry. Oh, this must be from my. Greg. Okay. That's great. Love has no concept of the publicity you give him. Keep it up. I hope you guys bomb it up for inside. Oh, it definitely is from Greg. And then it said, no, it's not because it says, what is QM filing for chapter 11? See, it was going well till the go to that. A week from Saturday. In federal court. Hey, things are kind of tough. You know, if we had some real salespeople. Oh, here's another one. Ha ha ha ha ha. This is good. Sign the staff. That's why we haven't seen too many people. They're all business. Running around putting these. The facts together. The fact that I walked with how come there is no one on any other station that goes on to on the way regarding your coworkers. We all eat out of the same pot. Now we don't even smoke the same pot. How do you like that? How about letting someone at another station speak of us the way you're talking about us? We we supposed to be like a family. We supposed to be like a family. What kind of grammar is that? Neal. How about starting today if someone goes on the answer something about you that is incorrect then it is okay to rip them. Remember, you're not perfect. You make mistakes also never happened. I think that you don't do prep for your show so you just ripped the staff in order to have a show. Enough is enough people are tired of you and what you do do prep for a show. Sign the staff. No. I've got this in here and ripped the staff. That's definitely not from anyone on the staff. No. Outside. In fact, you know who this is from? I can speak of. I can speak of the jury. Yeah. By the way, the staff loves when you ripped the staff. Of course. And the audience loves it even more. And quite frankly, I'll do whatever it hell I want to do. I need to like that. In addition to which I was walking here with a pile I do more show prep for this show. Then most of the other people I worked for in this business put together. But beside that, just putting the stories on the website alone is show prep. Oh, brutal prep. Yeah. Exactly. Scouring through 80's in the website. And then of course in here, I have to put up. I think I got rid of that thing for you, by the way. Really? That I'm not thought about that. Yeah. Yeah. It was either the spybot or the Alexa, the guy rid of it. And Tonya. I have one at a one. If you came back to one time. I'll tell you. Instead of disappearing. I score a meal. Not only is he also does engineering in that. It's for a time. Well, we got to survival. EAT. Or so many good facts. It's coming over here. Okay. Neal, what's going on? It says here. Oh, which is this? Which? Pactor? Yeah. It looks like he's a squirrel. Yeah. Let this light your okay. It's built line. People let me force with force. They flirt with the light. You're approved to build. I would love people who feel threatened on the street in a bar to ball game. Or just about anywhere. To me force with force to defend themselves without fear of being a prosecutor. The prosecutor. The major or top priority of the National Rifle Association for this year passed the house by 94 to 20 vote today. It already had passed the Senate. Now heads to Fed as Governor Jeff Bush who is so far to claim to say whether he'll sign it or not. It essentially extends the right for it. He's already having a home or car saying there's no need to retreat before fighting back. Generally, people attack their homes don't have to back off. If they were attacked in the street, though, they're supposed to do what they can to avoid escalating the situation. Can only use deadly force after they try to retreat. I'm sorry, people, but if I'm attacked, I shouldn't have a duty to retreat. So the bill sponsor Republican Dennis Baxley of O'Kella. That's a good way to get shot in the back. Thanks. We said that if people have to write to defend themselves without having to worry about the legal consequences, people also think twice before attacking somebody. The opponent said it'll make Florida like the wild wild west. The bill of sign-bub Bush would take a back-to-back October one. Don't let that handgun, but it's a good time to play it. Yeah, it's perfect. Sure. In fact, maybe that bit inspired them. It's a bit of a good get-it's several right now. And I punched up hand in here, guess which one came up. A balling is a pay public service announcement from the internet. Let's face it. What's the most vulnerable never be rich. Now, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing. But, as usual, with every problem, there is solution. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people and intimidate them and give you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Needs some cash, proper bank. Don't have enough money for fear, all the convenience store. Takes chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free, and you've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend, Gillum. It's a simple solution, a life-scomplex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the damn thing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out, and if you consider the population control, yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. 155 a QAM, working our wife today, pregame sure with Mo, Mo 2 to 330 out to ballpark for opening day to Braves in a Marlins today. Any interest, gonna have like 50,000 plus people out there. It's a beautiful day. Thanks for the good weather, by the way. Usually when I come back, it's storming, and it's a thunder and a thunder. It is beautiful. It is beautiful. I did not bring it with me. I like to look nasty horrible, whether behind it. It's your cold heart, it's cool to everything. That's right. My cold heart, cool to down. Mo 2, you got Marlins on Decatur 330. The debut of Roxy Bernstein at, see, and there he goes again. You're gonna start picking it up. I haven't heard of me yet. I'm sure that when I go home from the, I can do my dentist today. I doctor yesterday, dentist today, can all these doctoring out of the way. While I'm here on a way home, I'll be able to hear Roxy Bernstein for the first time. Then tomorrow give you good in line. I already know about Dave Ann Boring. He's just, is what he is. He can help it. Yeah, that's him. So he got the Braves in the Marlins opening day at 405. Goli and Hollywood dog tracks seven o'clock tonight. And then the 80K 10 is usual. He is solid as a rock or is that rock? That's also not in here. Yes it is. I put it in there this morning. Well, where the hell is it? Rock solid. Oh, what you told me to put it. I'm the drop too. I see. Oh no. What did I say? You are not gonna believe this. I told you, okay, let me do the braids. I am so observant man. I'm on top of it. I hate suspense. Okay, I'm gonna give you a hint. Guess who has lung cancer. What it comes to sport. Really? What's going to your license? You say yes. Barg Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8. Um. I've arrived. By the way, son. I've been given it's a score. See. How many tickets? I know that me and you, to the do. Much better go with six to dead. And not invite a gen-tile in the cranky do. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your weary bed. Strap out two types. No chance I'll always show it to. And I'd rather die. We'd be glad to be such a... Uh... Sorry. I'll help you know that I'm a big bubble too. Or Brooklyn I need. I've been with you. I have worried body but you. You're not fine, honey. We and all, this is that would blow. No way that is. We have a fight. That you'll survive. Old manually here in the Moscow styles. And push like that,ooted crappy to jazz. Oh,J Noise Boys,Oh Boy oy hey 저Isore's here. Oh I wish you would meet at least It's much better since the 10 not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might. Be happy, take care. Don't worry, we'll be together. One, one, one. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Come on, Trivia. If you have a nice and asked me a question, is Jeff High-Fad? Is Jeff High-Fad? Yes, he admits it. Anyway, guess who's got lung cancer? I give up. I did buy him. He did that Oki-Doki in the field. I said buy buy, Bobby. I suffered around. I said somebody could barely speak. Peter Jennings? Peter Jennings, the chief ABC News Anchorman for more than 20 years. He's been diagnosed with lung cancer. I will be in our patient treatment next week. Jennings 66 has been feeling ill for the past several months. I was replaced Saturday on the coverage of the post-death by Anchor Charles Woodruff. He's last anchored world news to that on Friday. Jennings informed ABC News staff of the diagnosis this morning and said he'll anchor the broadcast. When he feels up to it over the next few months, he begins keywell therapy. There'll be good days in bed, which means some days may be cracking. Some days really cracking till ABC News employees in the email. Charles Gibson, who I cannot stand by the way, who is in Rome for the post-funeral and Elizabeth Vargas will be Jennings' primaryest substitutes on evening news. Again, they'll stick with something. Who am I watching now? I saw a little bit of a noise, so John Robertson. And now Bob Sheefer is a campaigning to get that full-time job now. Is he? Yeah. He wants him to say, Okey-dokey for words. I mean, how long can he last? It's like a hundred, isn't he? A few days. But third man. Jennings first anchored ABC News cast for two years in the 60s with a Europe based course Bonner for that work after that. He started again as an anchor as ABC tried a multi anchor format in the 78. Cancer sticks. Heavy duty smoker baby. Cancer sticks. Yeah, that booker Brian's out there. Puffin away. It makes a little bit of a noise. Luna tick. Maniac. Let's see. Here's one kid. Yeah. Well, there's an air and air. There's all a bunch of them do air. I've got it's pretty good. And we're on Zin about one or two minutes. I run it every morning. And they're whole bunch you can actually pay for it. Right, but why should you do want to pay for it? But you can get it for free. That's what this grandson. He didn't help though, and he ended up doing it for a while. Long walk. 560, she's not there. Look at that picture of the sales department. It's fat boy. You're right. We finally got it. We finally saw it. I had him pretty high and lost anyway. Sure. I thought there was a great shot. He had the nerve yesterday of being in here when I walk in that ugly walking stick. And I made some crack about. Oh, no. And then he starts in one of his silly stories about Petty Lenny and his cat and about Skippy's wife had a baby. Don't come in here in, you know, a gland hand me and smile to my face. You phony fat piece of turd. Who now are you kidding man? He's been taken by crap for 10 years. The whole world has been suffering from your crap. Why do you think they have that tsunami over there? That's right. It's over over here. Oh, my god. The shock waves that happen to the plates. What? That's right. All those plates that keep shifting. He's doing something that sounds like that and the plates keep shifting. I don't want to say what he's doing. I can't say it. Joyce. You don't want to say it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So if you don't get back to this poll, okay? Oh, first. Here's a fact that says if any of your listeners are interested in executing a floor to living will, they're available free. Of course on the floor to bar website. FLAvar.org. Well, thank you so much for whatever this is. Okay, let's take a few calls. We've got many, many names to get on this thing. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah. What a frigging retard. You know, that guy. I just unbelievable. Please don't have him. It's a joke with the show. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good morning. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, when I Salim in New York, I say, no, David Peel. Yeah. He does a great song about oh Jason and also. What is the guy that called Before my David Peel? No. I don't mean call. I want some, you're driven. Oh, oh. I mean, I don't mean called. Not a lot. Oh, thank God, that's what we're getting. more and she said I was really cool yeah and they had a movie set going on on my street in World Low Street so I was cranking music up really loud to disrupt it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so as well if you want to turn the music down and let me through very more and I was such a sucker the time I got a few grand for it I got a few grand and meeting do a very more in fact I'm gonna say this can be the third grand of the past I mean I'm going to yeah yeah oh as young and impressionable yeah obviously no I'm holding not impressionable old and get great okay thanks a lot Pally don't do it again five six seven five six he pound five six the enterprise in singular right this line it was fast boy first we thought it was by Zene never thought it was to tag me a Zene it was fast boy all along I'd like to say you type of crap you okay baby yeah yeah yeah yeah they just a pimple was high boy all along you're right that day freedman man what a piece of work he must be yeah yeah the white you know hi I'm happy WWE I am hello yeah I thought of a great for the word of this crap you it can be done the radio yeah yeah yeah that's you a fool uh that's right and you're a fool and it's clear by the way you would be hey well thanks for listening thanks for listening thanks for listening okay Christ is risen right you can not I'm gonna believe his fairy tales therefore I'm a fool so he's got that's a good question Erie's calling up to give me a little shot because I don't believe his bullcraft okay do you believe whatever you want sweetheart full WWE I am hello Neo would have be possible to add to Kiel on Neil to you with the backters should Kiel only a lot of these ways I'm fantastic movies yeah yeah like you don't all be the great ones right thank you Neo he have a great day back to you okay don't be a fool now thank you I'll let you back on there that what is it just put shocked that's right we're gonna have to spell Chuck Quill O'Neill you know becoming so confusing now like with Ruben Sierra I mean I do only person that's offended by that of the people just keep changing away of Katherine Zay the Jones is now Katherine Zay the Jones and Tony Dorsid became Tony Dorsid and it just goes on we heard a talk about arrogance now talk about arrogance it's just obnoxious I think that's the correct way to say where they were being seen here wrong the whole two anybody you ever heard of anybody named Ruben no I can understand if he was like a big superstar he's a football player but he's like a big is he an even then it would be I'd not be more obnoxious huh there would be like a lesser Rodriguez although if he don't put you up a little bit in the York they might start calling that hey Alexa I got my Alexa toolbar it's 11th past yeah that's why everybody they got that baby with candy bar right right so what's wrong with having Alexa toolbar five six seven oh five six the pound five six the honey Verizon you're all fooled because you don't believe the same furry tales that I do he was good I liked him a lot the crisis risen crisis and so is my uh sponge cake yeah east hey if your hair has risen in fact if it's fallen out the answer is a chuck alphiary Charlie in fact maybe I'll go over there to set noon to pacify fat boy because he's a little bit taken aback by my bald head he's upset Charles has been helping the famous and then also famous look their best rover 30 years not 30 minutes even recognizes work when you see it because it looks like their real thing not like some mousey look and piece to die on your head but like real hair and the most critical area of any her system is the hairline and Charlie's new skim like her system is 100% on the table up what again on the uh detectable see you got the wrong one in there I do anyway and the here you have nothing to lose but that's shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look uh she'm looking in so much older by the way you try Charlie's system for a month for about 30 minutes days and after month if you don't love the way loosen feels and smells if you're not getting more action than Roblo in a men's room then make the call and we are just send it back say hey here's your hair back Charlie it ain't working for me but I guarantee it will and when you make that call tell Charlie her about here on the neorider show and you get you a special 200 dollar discount off the already low price of 800 bucks on that natural hairline system it's the best looking piece in the universe so you got a choice you want to work like a silly person or a musk rat or you want to look like a man she younger and better than you ever dreamed you put again the choice is yours be choose the latter make that call call Charles Alphayory toll free 1-800-3-1-2413 that's 1-800-3-1-2413 around the wicked wild web it's Charles Alphayory.com and don't forget when you call Charlie say he said Barnaby D dad Get gonna ride it Gibb Daat I sia Ha hally This getting her sogo You You froze You Don't think by the crowd Geeky He already died Hey Everyone 죽 people Neither rich Christians and monoons nor women And nobody dare touch us Wow, I think we solved it so fat boy calls it on the inside line there for George during last break and just vehemently denies that he was the uh... uh... and right right he said it was definitely a right right well there you go five six seven five sixty here's a fact from James who says how about an in Craig kill board of the poll and if you like bacon so much check out bacon horse dot com cred-kill board does movies and that's what's it is here i don't think so uh... i doubt it uh... what is bacon horse dot com i guess we're in the next break i have to look that up probably some kind of a pornographic disgusting probably something to do with that boy and your son or here's another one for you by the way before you are you well googling and google it yeah that's right time crews okay which i would agree with that i'm getting really tired of that time you're far yeah i'm really sick and we just uh... in the beginning he was fine things and good movies a few good men he was in the what else did we like uh... rainman what if i could movey has he ever been in board of the fourth of the law for on the fourth of you lie was excellent and that was it out of that i've never seen a good will be too soon a time fairer i guess he's been in break your board of the three movies that are all bad to put him on there they hate him like poor that was you would die it was that he would get peter Jennings lung cancer instead w q a m hello i'm pory opa dot w q a m hello w q a m hello mister auger yes i'm a culler uh... your show has taken a good ten years of my life by this to show in my worst days and smile for you gone week before yeah speaking about the pope that way and and i usually live or since that like i'm just a bad thing for us bad fake voice or that's not like rubber jones sir every time we get to certain yeah bad one trying to win w q a m hello go to the old man i got a present for you ever jose when i'm at pop at a park i got a baseball bat for him to give it to personal yes sir go ahead with yeah give it to him personally anyway we've been here who been here he's trying to be Spanish is in with a group to wrap you let me answer this question do you know anybody i explain you all who say it we're been we're gonna get out we're gonna get out we're gonna get out he's up here we're gonna get out it's a little bit yeah wow prep that is pathetic 5670560 pound five sixty only for rising in singular wireless lines do we want to kill you a m hello car i used to survive that was good and so is our pound cake do we want to kill you a m hello i'm going to get all of our okay sir one of these religious fathers i i tell you they're they're killing me yeah they're killing me to they're probably killing jesus right now again power crotch can tell me to put a phone to their head that's what jib bus said in reverse and i'm gonna say you gotta believe oops i get a question about spot-bought i have it on my computer i'm gonna give it to you challenge you know i it doesn't help we're gonna move the source of pop-ups or it moves the spyware yeah roast spyware but it's not a pop-up blocker if you want to allow good pop they're all kinds of pop-up blockers but uh... lessons of the pop-up blocker okay what is a pilot oh no hot bot HOT hot bot is a good pop-up blocker too hot bot hot bot yeah VOT hot bot hot bot okay and what is a spy bot do we exactly it removes uh... sources of spyware like all this crap is extraneous crap that keeps nicking an ub amazed how much of that crap is in there because when i put it in there it's like pp3t problems right run in every day just automatic when you fire up your computer in a morning uh... or whenever you do just run in every day automatic and it's a good deal and delete then immunize right that is pop-up the company i'm talking to you what you're doing i mean the but stop okay uh... if you want to use firefox i'm gonna say it again was a lot firefox you won't get any pop-ups you won't get any virus if you won't have to run all of this stuff because you won't have any problems every once in a great while i pop up firefox yeah i never had one yeah well you never had maybe one was a little bit the rain awhile maybe what it's right i think it was a group in c.r.a pop-up is that it's not that it will be said that group in and who do you think what i know what do you mean how would you know all i was taught you were talking about this sportsman all i mean is that you must say it's a you've been rubin yeah that's a group in i think so now we're gonna have to like let it let nize all the latino ball players that i guess they want their names pronounced so like Alex Rodriguez they don't say Alex how would you say Alex i don't know i'm hungry because there you go that's good i think you said i was in cut that grab it affected john Miller yeah i don't i'm not a big john Miller fan i heard mad dog that they're going on i'm not a big uh... john Miller fan at all i don't like to fake he's still fake there was a uh... there was a uh... still invasive the game and the cashier's rose to say that's fully that stage fake and that that's he's excited he really means it and it's so obviously fake it's like a fake orgasm you know who wants to hear that i'm at and of course joe morgan i mean man he talk about somebody with naked pictures but hey if that's the best we got is joe morgan in john Miller what does that tell you about the the state of sports casting today wow here he is turning over in his grave w q a m hello i want to hear that rock see burnstein yes sir hey uh... you got uh... mike soft got a spy were programmed there too they do yeah my everybody in the brother vice-a-guess works pretty good to give us a okay later thanks mike russ off to the spy were programmed there's only about how many thousand about turn and that i run a man get all that crap off of there because once it's very soon to get one of those viruses in here see that's if he used fire fox you never gonna have a virus right that's what i use them at laptop never had any spy were never had a lot of money on how many months ago i told these people months ago about musillo fire fox sure it's three times faster than i don't care how lightning faster computer is it's three times faster than internet explorer and i'm telling that right sure and explore for some i don't know what it is but on a computer's explorer just seems to create a lot of problems because it has a lot of features and often that so it's big yeah and so when something had a lot of features and more options just like any other piece of equipment if i could put my elected toolbar in a witch's design for a explorer is that compatible with fox fire fox if i could put it on a fire fox or something equivalent to use for uh... sending emails to ericum the jashin though i get where i just delete explorer i mean you can't get out of your computer because it comes with it but i would just delete the icon just i mean you know who will use it right right nobody what's like wqa m hello how about many me on the old airy airy airy airy airy airy airy wqa m hello yes sir hey man i'm the guy called you are probably to go with the called me word the Italian left the night of cron i'm lending received a letter number one when you without arrest has stopped uh...sonic dissolved moving the way of phenomenal uh... at the 40 Yeah, and there you go, Patrick Sirtana's another one. I wonder they dumping his ass out of here and also Very curious the elbow is key elbow in it's all in a mean slave. I'll be damn. Isn't that appropriate huh? She was saying to you yeah, yes, yes correct. Yeah, okay. Have a nice day I'm even there, too. Bye. Ciao. I still a wiggle and And does Vadanya. Oh, I see. I knew he was a communist after all. Does Vadanya start with that root stuff man. Come on Easter. It is so sad really sad It's just is one dimensional people at old green tooth crowd in Dave County You know, never gonna change it's all you know from let me say it again But Tista was a criminally was a crook. He was against that. He was in bed with all the gangsters They were given a big briefcase as full of money man cash Multi- uh just run as a sure yeah Michael right we finally got to play was he was even worse than freaking fat boy Hey, I'm telling and that's saying a lot when it comes to sports and you're from We know it was you're going we know it was you For David's a bitch. Hi. I'm Dr. Neil Clarks our founder of e-malone.com If you tried other dating services and have been disappointed maybe it's time you Lower your expectations at evalony.com We realize that the best relationships are based on lies and deception All right Well, it's like went on announcement watching the life of time That's why we base our matches on 40 individual personality questions all of which allow you to lie your ass off Of one 115 pounds and a deep-to-file Find your true love love on to our website and get your personality profile off 50 thousand dollar value Absolutely free at evalony.com I'm not married or speaking of a loan a Ken Halburn Facts is me not about Balloning necessarily, but about that diet. Okay emails me and says Michael Thurmond diet six week makeover Proveda.com better do a Google on it pro veta PR over the idea Proveder.com see what it's all about That's what I'm only everybody is doing. That's can happen from national emo is by the way my good close personal friend with here Not quite as short as mine Oh look at this. Thank you for your purchase of spyware doctor from PC tools wow an exciting Okay, that was the one that I couldn't get to work as a matter of fact So no thank you anyway. Here's the site and what does it say lose weight reshape live healthy? Yeah, well, and it's got a bunch of crap three home products customer service. They got products. Oh they have products by the products That's what I said from herbal life by the product What in what is all this crap on my email here man? This is only since I'm sitting in this room. I got crap crap up the old earlobe 560 505060 how are we doing that pull? I guess I better get off of my email I was actually looking for bacon horrors and they're ain't nothing on there. What you talking with your microphone again I forgot to look at up. Yeah, you believe blame the engineering department on that in here And you're talking with your mic off in there and there ain't another one with that switch yet. No, well the light bulb don't work But doesn't really of course not look you want to look like some lights off the bulbs don't work in there Well, what kind of crap is that normal? You know, I want to seriously this business with these silly ass facts that was maybe very amusing to some people I don't give a crap what anybody says I have never seen such a bunch of shitless lazy do nothing clowns And that's not everybody there a lot of people is building do some hard work or well some but you know As far as engineering is concerned you can't complain about the job they do because they don't do one It's just shocking how can all the lights be out on the board and they're how do you know when that mic is on? Yeah, wait Start talking to hope you hear yourself back now I'm gonna have that fix it. He better get his ass in here. I'll be between now and show to my morning Good that thing straight now. What are what are lazy bunch of slackers they are and you're in your tummy How great they are? Are fluently people I never met before I did yeah stuff. He's a good guy They have them work and doing something doing what doing anything about anything but this studio that has to do with his shows That what it is I bet you of course. Oh, what those notes? Not even though you don't hear yesterday getting this computer all straight enough. Oh, it's George Corso yes get on here working with it making it I could do all of the things that your corset was in there doing that That is incredible. Does you know it has to do with this show specifically? Wow Well, of course. He's the one that got us on the interface place. See how you turn on people He was gonna work feverishly to guess on here when Greg turned tail and went off to Chicago that time If I'd away Greg you and Maddie I hope you have a nice lunch or two Hope you're paying for it all the way down it probably go to that sushi place the paid for it for what? Look at this. What are all these all this email? What's all this crap coming on here? I don't get this at home. It must be here, huh? WQAM hello WQAM hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil next week Radio's new emergency alert signal. It's gonna be That's not even the guy. It's more than it is no that's not him. That's not the original name. No, I didn't close Mode as a better take off on the original gun. I was pretty weak pal. Pally. Hi, Pally. How many QAM? Hello Good afternoon, are you okay? Interviewed put out a spy subtract program. That's pretty good. Although you have to pay for it and Use it every other day every day. It's pretty good though And then you just do a history deletion on the computer takes care of most of the spyware Which is really pretty in city. I think spyboss pretty good. It is it's good with spywares very good I mean, it's five out of three and of course most of these people are free loaders so keep that in mind Right The guy I don't know if you put him on it would probably sure Wouldn't want to polish sure moving on up there. So I moved up to a very respectable third place by the way He's right on Mel Gibson's back. I would point you know I gotta tell you a Gibson's become real as Unccessively agree with you, but there was a movie towards me. It's gonna call me in with half a face Yeah, yeah, I like that. That was very good. It's fine. He's got his got your ability to do good stuff But for what would have it that he's made a several good look. Yeah, but he does on a personal I somebody I know would say on a visceral level He just did fine. He just makes me nauseous. Yeah, well, he's got the fear of the classic use of crazy right when yeah He's not he's not he are so loopy even a pope was embarrassed by him. I think He was although I still think the pope had some stones are standing up to the commies, but beyond that You know, he was all over the place. I agree was all over the place and mostly in the wrong place. Okay. Have a great day later Yeah, I don't keep hearing that. I don't understand stop stop. He funneled them some money I think not not a lot about Earlier to the solidarity movement. I like to see he's given some pocket in and they got up as a company It's that kind of you know, and I was that of course. It was hated the communist too I know like poison. I remember like hard drive. Oh, that's a little bit and then if he would realize that Jude law was gonna be in there I remember what it got on the Russian nose. That was his downfall man I'm telling him if he wouldn't realize that law is you lot right. I know I like Jude law, but he's starting to give a little time Hanksy lately. He's like in too many damn movies. You know, I mean he's in a lot of movies very good Most of the movies he's in is very good, but he's just starting to do a little bit too much work to make me happy Take a vacation dude. Yeah take some time off to Jude Judas. Hey, dude. How many Q a M? Hello You're shocked. That's what it was that little raspberry there in the end. I know I still charge for that That was good Q a M hello. Hey, yes, sir. I think it was the phone. Oh, uncle Neil What is it? Can I speak uncle you're speaking to him? What do you think is answering this funny thing? George is gonna talk to you people who got to be dreaming For live we're live live live live. What about an 80 minute delay? Yeah, you're a good man. Yeah, I am hey the pub smoke soap Yeah, is that like a bulletin? Okay good. How many Q a M hello? Yeah, Neil. What's going on? How you doing sir? Good. How are you today? How are you good? Good. I'm in a day Better than something that is good as others definitely not as good as you How do you know that maybe I'm like you? And you don't know? Hey, then put me on a good act. Oh, actually I'm not doing pretty good today Hey, you know, I'm telling you know where the dentist opening day, but I know you don't know what's opening day. I forgot Oh Neil God Hey, um do me favor put me on hold so I can listen to you know No, no chance five six that we got too many people try to call in with important names for our Active actress rose out the list, okay put me on hold my ass I'll go get the glove. I got a big pair of hands funny till one a Q a M and by the way fat voices Gary Sarner done it We Boy Look at the time there's a court session to get to I'll try to rush it but my laptop needs to be moved Clean out my drive We've no evidence behind We move Fires and cookies We're Love I've been watching you Oh No, no, no Oh Oh Okay, I'm just gonna tell the spirit of Christ and tells me to return it by Matthew cross PhD who was He loads an impressive and murderous of the University of Creacian spiritual rally and creating California. Okay, got it sounds like a call about El Papa. Oh, yeah, right Summer flexions on the recent papacy of John Paul one of us powerless Dusses while the media responds profusely to the intelligent Pope who just passed away while he accomplished some good things Just such as taking a stand against the rack worn against capital punishment and against the idolatry of consumerism I really do believe that history will not be kind of his Pope Just Pope and his self appointed German mafia headed by Cardinal Ratzinger Well have to face the judgment of history and very likely got also Oversues that include but are not limited to the following a pre-occupation with morality as sexual issues even when the morality is deeply flawed I include the following examples. They're forbidding of one billion Catholics worldwide to practice birth control Even while the human population explodes at the seams the forbidding of the use of condoms even in time when aides is killing individuals and whole populations The world over the headlong pursuit of Augustine's theology of sexuality in other words all sex must be legitimized by having children ugly attacks and the Pope's name against homosexuals and the completed norm of what science and professional psychological associations have learned about Homosexuality for example, that it's a natural phenomenon for eight to ten percent of any given human population as well as over four hundred and six non-human species other other attacks include documents against yoga against Buddhism calling it atheism against feminist philosophers against women girls Can answer with the author nor can women be priests and against theologians in general priest are forbidden to use the pronoun she for God of the Author a prolonged effort to render fascism fashionable this includes the rushing into canonization of the card carrying fascist priest Who found the opus day movement even though this man actually praised it all Hitler and also denounced women has been accused of sexual abuse of 60 on men Or still alive today the taking of opus day under the hand of the papacy granting it legitimacy and power within and without the Catholic structure The conscious destruction systemic dismantling of the liberation theology movement and the very vital based communities Founded Latin American particular a movie which is open up Latin American when onslaught of pedicustle and right wing religious hustering The demise of the Catholic church in Latin America is now well underway Tenicustles are sweeping away the population now that this papacy with the encouragement and support of the CIA has destroyed liberation Theology and replaced it with opus day viships and cardinals the effort to eliminate theology in replace it with ideology by spreading fear among theologians The expulsion from the priesthood of three prominent theologians on three continents in the 90s and fear to the ranks of the Theologians theological thinkers since those three theologians are Leonardo bottom line America Father Eugene Drooman from Germany and myself and North America the sorry appointment of ideological yes men is bishops and cartinals And with the scandalous pedophile pre-situation where the scandals less about individual priests crimes than about the cover up of those crimes By churchman who e lacking either more than equity or intellectual smarts Move these criminals from perished a parish and from diocese to diocese One legal commentator points to a Vatican document on dealing with pedophile priests and international conspiracy to obstruct justice Three closed bishop friends of this pope and Europe for themselves forced to resign for sexual misconduct Even more curious is the elevation of one key American churchman pernal law Head of the Boston arts dices whether you as pedophile scandal first when public to a plum perished a Simon role in this past year The rigid sticking to celibacy as a requisite for being a priest as well as the requisite of having exclusively male genitals Means fewer and fewer Catholics have access to this accrimates and fewer and fewer persons are drawn to study up for the priesthood The attendance in mass on Sundays and San Francisco alone is plummeted 70% during this Pope's reign as a result of his policies The demise of the number of fractus and Catholics in the northern countries including Ireland and US continues unabated in a few years Two thirds of perishes in Germany will have no pastures and no eukarystic celebration already 1400 priests in Germany are from outside the country and the number of new priests or Danes are dropped from tier 166 and 1990 To 161 today the average priest worldwide is over 60 years of age the raising of the papacy to a culture personality Ited in the bed at the falling media speaking of the falling media This papacy granted a man of conscience award to report Murdoch who the year after he got the award divorce his wife of many years to marry younger woman The Holy Spirit is far smarter and forward looking than any papacy unless this destruction Catholicism passed They will be the spirits who are creating a flatter plane field for deep euker. What is it? Ecumenism and interface in the future. How do you say that? So they good to me. Yeah, meanwhile the many good Catholics are deeply hurt alien from their church There are a lot more recovering and practicing Catholics out there and little leadership prepares on the horizon since this Pope's Supplements and policies have stifled so much talent blockated so much potential for intelligent faith When I think of this Pope, I think of a hardworking priest who came to see me here go from Southern California He cried as he told me how all the budget for a ministry to the poor was being cut to pay for a big new cathedral and for a priestly misconduct He himself was close to leaving the priesthood I think of another priest who came to me three years ago who was the person who actually ran his entire dicey son behalf of his bishop He was at his wit's end with a hypocrisy and lies him maybe from Rome He knew many secrets rather than leave and rather than play the game he quit his position and dicey's and found a ministerial physician and another dicey Thousands of miles away now that his Pope is passed but readers reflect on the seriousness of these matters and pray for this Pope I for one would have hate to have to face my creative with a track record like this one Very good. Yeah, I do like that, huh? Just a tip of the iceberg. Oh, but he really was stood up to the communist and Poland there in the Berlin wall See, all you got to do for the public out there for the masses is just repeat a few tright cliches and that takes care of it all It washes all of a sudden stuff away Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, they were showing a baptism on here though. They were showing this boy Yeah, might have been the scene in the godfather of the goblin the stug when he was a yeah When he was godfather of the county's baby Do believe in one guy the man right and there's first person who water when I thought to myself How is it possible it's the year 2005? Hmm how can mankind be so stupid and continue doing these idiotic rituals and all but he was baptized in the name of the five I mean please cracker, please the water's magical. Oh, tell what it is magic water Remember the excess it's a tap water. It's a tap water I think like that then there was only tap water at burns. It was a real head turn of having fun with Satan How many Q a m hello? Hey Neil yes, sir got another one for your Paul. Okay, Owen Wilson. Owen Wilson. You know that is I know I do Right, I know Oh, one of those yeah, so you see the number of Benxley movies got a giant nose Yeah, I think it looks like see the crews on a bad day right. Yeah, and now that the Pope is dead The Catholic church is going right down the tube That's you, but oh, that's bad That's what that article said I just read it's go right down the tube here's the fact that says from when one of our chronic regular facts You're says thanks good question. I was a break it to 1240 Yes, you sure yes, okay, I'm doing cross and out. Do you want it with Trichor Island? Yes, is that to one? It said with Bucca Brian? No, that's a redo Oh, I know that just just being costed because usual this being a quarter It says a long lines of revenge here and Petra Soutan recently I've heard a couple of news and just pronouncing Prince Reneir is Prince Reneir Reneir, I That's that Reneir, then why I don't know Prince Reneir sure we don't we don't we don't do foreign pronunciations Basically we do say Mauritia by a we don't call him right Chevelier Chevelier right right and we don't call him Morris Although the BG's who is Morris give Maurice Morris the cat not Maurice I said Maurice today that he croaked on it They choked on it for the other thing and his two ever get some blockage in his shoe for meeting that big Mac. Oh, I got to play that No, that is great that is such a classic Insensitive cool quick smoke in local. Okay. We need you that a couple of miles here Whatever's gonna I get put it I was standing there one day Not thinking I would Miss You I guess I should have known what to expect, because it's my honor, which the pilot service you've given this time. I would actually be too far away. If I didn't expect, I'd follow. Why can't you let me, so you can, uh, why can't you lose, get it right? My foul was blocked. Inside my hiding, can't take my head to go, uh, Reckham. If the bat shits the bat, if the bat shits the bat, if the bat shits the bat, you fairer. I think George even likes the BGs. I like the BGs of life. He admits it! 560, 560, 560, I leave Horizon and Sing, Sing it away. I've heard that and I said to myself, that has got to be the most stone age, the most idiotic. I mean, you talk about a stable fart. You know, tries to pretend to be hypocritical. And he's talking about props for this one, and props for pops out. You're about as cool as a Frogs Farts, we'd heard. By the way, speaking of hand, I'll be out of the ballpark. It gave G, G stands of course for G. And maybe you want to ask him if Neil admits it. Yeah. Or maybe he'd like to rub my ballspot. I think that's what it is. I think he's got to experiment with the ones together. Well, fine. Fire. What? G, G, G, at the Performance Opening Day 2 to 330 to 7-0. And immediately, Father, when he shows, we get into baseball, baby. Any interest out there. Oh, yeah. They're all whipped up because it's opening day. Even the Kathy Willis House opened. Of course, that was every day. And then we got the models in the brains at 405. And pre-games at 330. And G, at Hollywood Dogfrag, had 7 o'clock tonight. That should be a real... I hear the first race is going to be real squeaker. In fact, they're all going to be close when G, at the track, all are raise their squeakers. Here's a fact that says Matthew McConaughey. Okay? Okay? Just see if you can spell it right. Well, you can always Google it. Or not. It's just like it says. Anyway, here's what we got so far. Got a lot of votes on the air 7505. Not too bad. We're not like pushing it, pumping it, squeeze it. One actor, actress, Vets Vets Vets this. I won't ever see movie if this person be in it. J.Lo. Holy cow, she got a strangled hold on it. 226 for that fat ass bitch. Mel Gibson 96. Although Pauli Schurler, Mount Pauli's fallen back a little bit. Mel's gotten out of 90. Excuse me. Pauli Schurler 76. Ben Affleck 45, Judy Roberts 40. Oh, come on. Poor Julia. Richard Gear 33. You think the dribble has to pay admission? No, I think he gets a degree. He gets a degree. Will be Goldberg 26, Will Smith 26. What a Allen 10. John Revolta. I'm sorry. What a Allen 18. And John Revolta 18. Vin Diesel. Was that van? Los Vin Vin. Vin Diesel 16, Madonna 15. See she ain't going as high as you thought. Some people don't know. Oh, she's going to go past jail. Nah, way. Robert Downey Jr. 13. Jackie Chan 10. George Clooney 10. Friend, Russia, the Nanny. Nine. I'd personally or hollow off. I were you. And a junior, a junior, a junior foster eight. But foster you haven't yet. Martin Lauren 6, Adam Sandler 6. Bruce Willos 6, Kevin Costner 5. Steven Seagall. Seagall. He's got the four. Time daily's got four. Jim Carrey 4. Do a very more four. And after that, tiny potential. What a come on. Come on. Come on. We'll be all. Russia's the six. Russia's the six. I think it's for a lead. Two hour. It's a phenomenon. You probably wondered why gasoline is three dollars. A gallon. Although the expert savings really no shortage. And maybe you've also wondered why, when the price of oil goes up, your local station raises gasoline prices immediately. But when the price of oil goes down, it takes forever for those gas prices to drop. And maybe you've also wondered why the price of gas is at an all-time high. Even though we've spent billions of dollars and thousands of lives to make a rock, our bitch. Well, now there's an oil company that tells you the truth. We're April fuels. At April fuels, we're not afraid to tell you there's really no oil shortage. In fact, half of our wells are shut down. And we've got refineries running at less than half their capacity. Why? So we can charge more, of course. At April fuels. We don't care if our stations are colorful and well-lighted because you're going to pay whatever we charge. At April fuels, we believe in the law of supply and the money we have. We've got the supply, so we make the demands. So remember, the next time the President's OG, we have to invade a Middle Eastern country. We don't know under a danger of wildlife in a national home. Oh my God. It's because of us. Ooh, April fuels, of division of Schobron old. That's right. And over here, our nearest gas station hook up the old tube. Right, when and out, sucks some gas out. Siphons him out of another car because that's the only way we're going to be able to afford to do it. Isn't that what you do? Get a serve and tube! Right. And then suck. Gasoline extends record climb. Oh my God. Thank you Mr. President for these incredibly low gas prices. What will we do without you? Gasoline prices continue to climb today, standing at trend that has seen what record price after another. Well, I gotta get to some new outfits for those schmothheads over there in Saudi Arabia. Yeah? More bleach. The cost of driving those things is through the roof. The average price of a gallon of regular armoured gas rose to 2,20 cents, according to AAA. On average, guys, price of a high price in Hawaii, 245 for gallon of regular unleaded. In New Jersey, the lowest 202. Oh, what a bargain. Let's go to Jersey. Oh, it's thanks. The previous high reach before the latest run up was 205 and a half noted May 26th. According to a weekly survey of service stations by one, of course, keep in mind. Wait to near this. The energy and formation administration says prices are expected to keep rising through the memorial day holiday and laid May. The beginning of the busy US summer driving season. That's when they really get to it. When they go to drive a lot of things. Yeah, we should go. Just gouge the hell out of it and just rape your wallet and take away your life. Every dime you got and give it to the friggin' Arabs. That's what they want to do to band our bush and all of his buddies. And this is what you wanted. Just like Michael said in Godfather 3, this is not what I wanted. What the, don't ever give an order like that again. Understood? The best is Connie, which is like finally. Finally after the little grudging. Maybe they ought to fear you. WKOM. Good answer. How are you doing? Can't or ease. Can't stand the guy. He's fabulous choice. Sensational choice. Thank you. Give me wild diarrhea just thinking about him. Can't or ease. Oh, he was, he wasn't a good movie where he played like, was one of those thriller killer movies and he was up on the rooftop and he had to grow a tight up in a whole deal. What the was that movie? I don't know. It was good. Yeah. Well, he was the evil evil doer. I'll watch it for free. WKOM. Hello. Yes sir. What what's the going rate for George? WKOM. Hello. Yes sir. John Claude Van Dan. He's old and burnt out man. Old and tired. He's kind of like Arnold. Was he ever in any good movie? No. No. 560, pound 560, I mean, don't interject so much by the way. On the Verizon. And singular wireless line. I bet you're Maddie Bell wrote the line for that broad that call yesterday. He probably feeding her the material. Get him off the air. Get him off. He's talking about eating out. That again. I get him off. Random. New. Random. If you say to random. Give me an award. Give me a lollipop. He says he likes me a lot. He's so full of crap. Yeah. See, I want to tell you something like fat boy. Same thing. See, certain people, if they wanted to come in and say, You really mean what you say about me. I'd be more than happy to say yes. You know, right? I mean, I'm here just for a few days. Like Sunny, if her in a market said, not for a long time, just for a good time. But so I'm trying to get along with everybody. Most of the people I like. They like me, whatever, or in different who cares. But if somebody came in here, I find detestable and obnoxious and disgusting. Like the water mouth. Which he would never do that. But if she did, I'd say, get out of here, bitch. Oh, go make the log. Something like that. But she knows where she stands in my book and I know where I stand with her. Might be low. And that's fine. But people like, how about my one Greg, the same thing? You're just coming that before. Right. The same thing. He comes in and smoothes with you and the spikes on a back. He's given to the fist, the wrist, the Italian salute. Everything. But I believe, Maddie. Why? I don't know. I just do bad move. Okay. Bad move. All right. No, no, no, no. I don't know. Who said that? I don't know. Who's you see? The libel or something like that? See, you're a gustous imperial imperialist. Pop-chun. The pop-ed. Don Cologne. Don Cologne. Maybe he said that. No, that enemies. I think he said. Maybe Fredo said it. When he was out there fishing. WQAM. Hello. The Rocksy Burnstein bashing hours starts tomorrow at 10. Right here on five. If you heard Rocksy Burnstein, see, he went. He's too chicken to say if maybe. But he sounds like, not was not. Actually, I'm not going to listen to ball game. Okay. I got bigger fish to fry. I'll probably will hear someone to ball game. Like I said, after the dentist. So maybe the guys ride. I am going to tell you exactly what I think. If the guy is good, like, did I ever bash Boo gunna baseball? Do a baseball? Not that I recall. Oh, wait. Outstanding. Talk show. But baseball sensational. If somebody does a good job, I'll tell you if they suck. I'll tell you that too. It's just the way it is. Not going to kiss anybody's ass. Especially the day they're in boring with a bad hairpiece. W2AM. Hello. They need a ball for cauliflower. Yeah, he's just still making a few bad movies. Wanna put him on there? Oh, it's bigger than that. Thank you for calling in that. Because I keep forgetting about this. The son of Michael Jackson's former personal made testify yesterday. That Jackson initiated tickling sections, which escalated to the pop star Fondling the boy. Kutiko Tiko. Can I follow you? After which Jackson would give him a hundred dollar bill and tell him not to tell his mother about the money. Maybe it's not the kid was a stripper because he was showing hundreds into his pants. Did you know that? No. He showed a hundred dollar bill. He was pantaloonies. The young man now played how many? Hundred dollar bills. The young man now 24 told jurors in Jackson's travel station trial that the first incident to face when he was about seven years old. Seven years old. At Jackson's apartment, Hot A Way and Hollywood. The young man said he told nobody about what happened to him until he was 13. About two years after his mother's stuff working for Jackson. When investigators looking at other allegations again, Jackson interviewed him. After finally refining what had happened, he went to say he went to the council until he was 18. It took a lot of counseling the ovaries said it remarked that was strict and after the defensive jet did. His family later reached out to court, gentlemen would Jackson before a lawsuit was filed. But he said he wasn't consulted about the legal action. He didn't reveal the amount of the settlement. The trial judge had earlier ruled jurors could be told previous cases were settled but not for how much. The testimony came during the beginning of the six week a testimony in the singer trial molestation trial. Nervous and emotional. Mondays witness who now works as a youth counselor and pastor. Good, tearful and his voice broke as he described what he says happened with Jackson more than 15 years ago. This is going to be hard for me to get through. I'm sorry he said at one point. The witness described three incidents of alleged filing by Jackson. When he was about seven, Jackson's Hollywood department, Jackson started tickling him and the voice started tickling Jackson back. But at some point Jackson began tickling my private little region around my crotch area above his clothes. He said it was laughing from the tickling and thought to himself that I'm laughing too much. Several weeks later, Jackson initiated another tickling, especially into general contact after sending his mother to the store. The witness said he thought to himself that this is not right. Jackson as he had after the first legend said to give my hundred dollar bill, shoved it into his pants. When he was ten, he and Jackson were loaned together in a loft in the arcade and never land ranch. When Jackson began tickling him while they were in a spooning position together on a couch. A spooning position. Yeah. Kind of like Jell all putting. You know how you spoon that? With the big stuff. And then he said Jackson reached into his shorts and fottled his testicles and episode that lasted two or three minutes. He said Jackson did not give him money on medication. See, he's already in his cage. He's already in. The former made son was the first of nine witnesses. The prosecution pants to call on an effort to show Jackson had a pattern of grooming young boys for sexual abuse. Is there any doubt about it? No. Earlier Monday, the former House Manager of Jackson's never line ranch testified he saw the pop star intoxicated in the presence of children quite a few times. And once saw him emerge from the ranchers arcade with a group of drunk boys, the arcade has a wine celler in the basement. Try to wine. Jesus Salus. Hey, Zeus. Excuse me. See, we got to do these. Sorry. A Zeus Salus also told yours that I want to case you took a bottle of wine and four glasses of Jackson's bedroom where he was staying with several children including his senior accuser in the current criminal case and the boys younger brother. However, Salus also said Jackson ordered so does the addition of the wine. When prosecutor Gordon Ockringcloss pointed out he had not mentioned so does his police statement about the incident. Salus responded, it just looked into my mind. Yeah, just gone on him. He had like a little coconut to use his juice. Yeah, maybe one of our former program directors with their hanging out. He had a nose for exciting stuff. Wonder how shoes Anne is doing. I'll call her and ask her. Yeah. See who's babies you have in this week. 560, pound five 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. What actor actress does grosses you out so much? You wouldn't go see movie they were in if they paid you by the middle second. Who is it? W2QAM hello. Now, the taxi's somebody on one. Can you hear? Holy, how are you doing? Okay, sir. How are you all? How much for a two? W2QAM hello. Hey, Paul. Yes, sir. For your poll. Is that your girlfriend? Yeah, he's. Wanna put Antonio Vendara Sonner? Not really. He's a good actor. He's been in a lot of good movies. Well, there you go. This guy just don't like him. Okay, anywhere for you should have quit while you were at that's a break. That's the next one choice. He just grinds me the wrong way. He was kind of like Will Smith, you know? I don't want to start getting into a racial thing, but he wasn't satisfied just being one thing. Right. Then he was a singer. He was a comedian. He was a, he was just all sorts of things, you know? Actor, cross-dresser, all of these things. Some guy. Yeah, whatever. You're fair. Of course we want to know if he admits it. I'll see. Here's a fact that says, From an Atlanta, five, six, you don't forget. Moe is out there at the ballpark. Baby, it's opening day. Oh, oh, yeah. Am I said it about opening day or what? You fair it right. He admits it. Even after all these years that I've been telling about dialometres and sleeping on a mattress and there by self, by the way, as you know, some people still a little bit lary about picking up a phone order or mattress over the phone without feeling it and squeezing it and touching it. The mattress too. Well, here's the deal. If you go into a Benninger department, strike your NT one thing, you're going to get ripped off. No question about it. If you want the best deal going, you're going to make that one easy call. 1,800 mattress. And because that mattress is got the most liberal exchange policy going anywhere, there's no risk. If you don't, if you're not in the love with the mattress, they deliver, they'll take it back, give you something else. To do the 1,800 mattress is got more repeat customers than anybody else anywhere. Once you try, you'll never go back to a shore again. They give you no BS, no nonsense, no one around. No shore remission at it. It's just factory direct prices and the best brands you know and love. When you call 1,800 mattress, you'll be calling company right number one in customer satisfaction. All the top names are waiting for there. Sir Dan Seely, Simmons and King Coral, tempered against Stearns and Foster Hewitt too. And don't forget right now, Dilemethers offers no payments or interest until 2006. Be sure to tell them that fat boy sent you by. They'll take you some stories. Call Dilemethers tool free 1,800 mattress. Roll them tails and find out why yours truly. And your original and fat boy himself and even Moe are all satisfied customers. Call today tool free 1,800 mattress or log out of the website. Macrist.com 1,800, M-A-T-T-R-E-S What it comes to what your team is. And it makes me realize you're steal my life's pain change. Now, for sure, you'll find something you've been doing. And love is steal Rogers. This is Learner to spell with Don El. I'll be Don El Jackson. And today we're going to fail the words paradise. Beleg with me now. Paradise. P-A-R-A-D-I-S-B. Now, if you do this in the film. Whenever I go out to Gambo, I always take along my luck as paradise. Be sure to be now. This is Learner to spell with Don El. I'll be Don El. I'll be Don El Jackson. That's what we were right now. But salute. Never dies. One-Seven T-N-K-O-A-M. And here's a facts. Very good. Thank you, A-M. And here's a facts. Very important news. FYI, Peter Jennings, and I'll see you as Long Cancer. Okay. How many hours ago did we have the honor? I heard a man. Thank you, Leonard, but you're a little bit slow. Okay, by the way, the Pope has got a bad headache. God. Wait till you heard this. You think you've seen, uh, you haven't seen the worst of it yet. The censorship crap that's going on. Oh, goodie. Faises, the USA. That hurts the news about it. Video. Yeah. The chairman of War of the Entertainment Industries, most important congressional committee, says he wants to take enforcement of broadcast, decency standards. Enter the round of criminal prosecution. Oh, my God. How do you like that? Yep. That's the story. And it's because I told you about it. Representative James Sensenbredder, Republican at Wisconsin told cable industry executives attending the National Cable and Telecommunications Association Conference in San Francisco on Monday, that criminal prosecution would be a more efficient way to enforce the indies and see regulations. I prefer using the criminal process rather than the regulatory process he told the executives. In other words, if somebody blurt's out, crap is just, uh, there you go. Thought my piece was empty there for just a second. Had to reload. The current system in which the FCC finds the license see for violating the regulations. Cast two out of netty said, trapping those who are attempting to reign in smart on TV and those who are not. People are in flagrant history guards with face of criminal process rather than a regulator process son of Sensenbredder said, this is the way to go in the cannons specifically in the cannons. And people committing the offenses rather than the blunder boss approach to get the good actors. The people are trying to do the right thing and uping penalize the same way as the people during the wrong thing. It was unfair exactly how we'd go about criminalizing violations of the indies and these and these statutes, but probably just killing some people be a good idea, huh? Sure. Just like that Florida that Bill we got in a legislature, something to jail with. It won't swear to anyone. Something kind of like gives you a dirty look on an estrade. And I'm away. You're protecting yourself. Man, you're protecting your ass sets. Although cable and satellite TV are not covered by the indies and see statutes. And of course, on Askcroft, even though ain't in power, no worries, they're also those covered up statutes. Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska, Chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, and represented a dual-barter Republican of Texas, have said they want to bring multi-channel programmers into the legal mix. They want to bring him out of the mix. In other words, aka censorship. Stevens attended a convention Sunday, winning that with top cable industry executive sources, said the executive soap to persuade Stevens to back off during the meeting with cable operators demonstrated their blocking technology, but it was unclear whether Stevens was swayed by their arguments. You think he swung in the swayed like Sammy K. I think he's wished. Oh, Sammy Gay. You friarly. Yeah, Ted Stevens from Alaska, another evil door. Another right wing lunatic. All I'd speak of people were really fired up to a frenzy Lauren Bacoll. Too much smoke and sweat. She's still alive though. To shoot. 80. Okay. It's not that old. Pope made it 84 and I was with all those gunshots and Parkinson's and all those other accessories. Plus, all those evil things he did. Fedorant Actors Lauren Bacoll is once again hit out of the fellow stars this time branding them of miniscule talent and for looking to skinny. She told radio times magazine that actresses only think of stardom and sacrifice everything for fame. Bacoll said her merges to actor something bullgard and Jason Robards. Effectively said it occurred. You know she was married to Jason Robards? No idea. And now we know. They're both dead by the way. Purgents and Robards. That's why he drank so much. I put my career in second place throughout both my merges and it's suffragete said. She added that over. But he made choices if you want a good marriage. You must pay attention that if you want to be independent go ahead you can't have it all. Today women with miniscule talent are women to sacrifice everything for their careers. Miniscule talent. Uh-huh. Bacoll 80. Cost controversy in 2004 when she was quoted as saying her birth co-star Nicole Kidman was not worthy of the tag legend. And of course she's not. But she's nice. It was met as an insult to her acting abilities. I said I didn't understand what she had to be labeled when she has her whole career in front of her kid. But Cossett today's crop of stars lack talent. Actors today go into TV which I don't consider has a lot to do with acting. She said they only think of star to me if you're photographed well that's enough. I have a terrible time distinguishing one from another. Girls were there hair the same and her way to anorexic looking. Yeah. She's got a point. Yeah. Kind of like Avril Lavigne. Right. Oh, I like her a lot. And I can share that cause Josh ain't here today. I like her a lot. But she's anorexic looking. Sure. You just say to which. Right. She added we live in an age of media equity stars today are not the same statue as Humphrey Bogart Jimmy Cagney Spencer Tracy Henry Fonda and Jimmy Stewart and she happens to be well she could let him off absolutely correct throw it to me Stuart. Jimmy Stewart. Even though I hate that. Cornball. You think he was a great actor? I don't know so not great. He was good and we were window. Yeah. He was. Grace Kelly. Sergeant York. And Verwison there by the way too and every window. That's right. That's right. They call it rear windows. I didn't know he was gay. He admit it. But Carl said bar praise for you, Grant. Oh my God. Calling him charming and marvel is not a great actor but it doesn't have to be. Put you grand on list. Thank you Lauren for mentioning his name. Cause that's another one. He will grant. He makes me one of vomit. In fact he and any Murphy they got that thing going out there in LA on a freeway with the cross wrestlers then they can't even got to figure it out yet. So speaking of gas prices going up real bad, gas prices are causing financial hardship for majority of Americans according to polerely yesterday. Fifteen percent of respondents said the current price of gas is causing them serious hardship that it jeopardizes their standard of living while 43 percent describe moderate hardship. Less than half 42 percent of gas prices are causing them no hardship. So got 1543's 58. Fifty and 42. The 58 percent of report of gas prices are causing them financial hardship. And he sort was an increase from 49 percent last spring and 39 percent in 2000. Seven and ten respondents said they shot for the cheapest prices when they're planning to fill up and 57 percent of the government considered they're considering a more fuel efficient model. Next time they buy a car. Well there you go. Don't be driving those big gas gusting SUVs George. I'm considering a more fuel efficient model. No you're not. You're getting on. Yeah. Consider this. That 560560 pound five60 under Verizon. Sing in the wireless lines. Volga. I'm getting choked up about opening day. That's it. Volga. The braves in your Florida Marlins. No seriously. He's supposed to be. I remember this argument. We had with some car. Oh, but neither. I don't care. No, but you don't get it. It's opening day. See? Yeah. I was punishing me. Not for anything else. But because of the opening day thing. I see. Take a swig. If you take the ass off swing. What do you got? I'm with Wig. And fig. Joe Pesci just walked in. Looking very much like Volga Brian. Look at that. What a clown. What a. And now he had the disc. I got to have it right now because Muff already told me there's one on there. It's just a killer. Wait. Can you hear this? Like it. Wait. It looks to me like he's wearing that for real. No, no. That's his comedy piece. No. No. No. No. Woo. All right. I'll put your heads together. Yeah. Let me get my camera. Beauty. Oh, no. Look at that. Yeah. Even painted two nipples on his forehead. It looks like one. Okay. Wait. There we go. No. No. No. No. He told me about it. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Hit it. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Good. good. Good. Man, man. Yes. I thought yes. Yeah. Is it? Go. Go. All right, let's put that on endless loop and just play that till uh, a more time when you say show time. Play 6 after 1 a QA and hey if you think you have termites in your home you better call our friends at Reddit Pescontroll today for a free termite inspection and now by the way it's beginning a termite season it bad. Reddit Pescontroll uses an amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and termites and termites 100% on contact. I mean they're gone right now if not sooner. If you have termites here's the best possible way to eliminate them and keep in mind you don't have to tent your home which is one of the most embarrassing and inconvenient things you get ever do. The first thing you're going to worry about poison is gas, no moving out or staying in hotels, no worrying about food or pets in your health. They treat your home with a amazing orange oil and you never have to leave. In fact when they're done treating your property the only thing that's left is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true if you have a termite problem call, Reddit Pescontroll right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites 100% on contact. No tenting, no kidding. Call right now for a free no obligation and inspection. 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. Forget about that tent job that makes you look like you're living in a circus in a clown routine called toll free to rid it today. 1-800-447-4348. What a contest for us. We are sorry. Spore fuel 560. Spore gas. Straight from the Vatican. In the first kid on your block to have soap fuel, the dog can. Spore gas. What do you see? Put up his oil. Of course it's not real. It's safe and playable plastic but a reasonable genuine soap fuel as approved by the manic of the dog. Spore gas. The Pesontan. Win friends. Have fun with fake soap fuel. Have you ever heard of a soap fuel? Oh yeah. A soap fuel? Better a hurry. And get your soap fuel. It's not that dog. Too late. It's so good. 1-32-56. You can have a skin head, a broken bride and a maid. Try to outdo me. It doesn't do it. It's not you. You can do it. No, not good. Put it on the other side. Put it on the other side. Put it on the other side. Put it on the other side. Put it on the other side. Put it on the other side. 560-50560 pound-5660 on a Verizon singular wireless line. Oh, and by the way, Cymor Good News. A new Houston Chronicle poll shows support for hospitality, Lea or Tom Delay. It's left drastically in his district. How do you like that? Oh, right. And a majority of his constituents disapprove of how he handled a Terry Shabov case. Nearly 40% of having an unbottled question last week said there are opinion of the powerful Chevrolet and Republican was less favorable in last year compared to 11% of said review of Ms. Improved. And he said, well, he's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. He's a very good person. Nobody is to just get suggested alienardo de Caprio. Oh my god. Yeah. Wow. He's a war. Oh no. You're going to get our facts. You're curling up said. He's going to be wild if you do that. Well listen. Roll it. Carolyn. Ha ha ha ha. There's something wrong with Leo. There's something wrong with Leo. Remember that expression. Egghead. I got agree with Nadine every time that one Johnny duck. He's the most beautiful person ever. He's a he's right in here. He's right in here. He's beautiful. And can we just say bye Pope already please. Bye bye Pope. POPPY. Bye bye. Okay see you. Yeah Johnny, that sure is pretty. Of course my Santa. You're fair. Yeah I would be like my making an admission right on the area. He admitted. No wait a minute. What's with what is with the granny glasses. And then he looked like the dolly llama. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is new gig. Wow. He moonlight has a spiritual feeling. He looks like Gandhi. Does it mean he looks like my hat. But Gandhi. If they only knew wow few people just had smell of his man could take a few could this. Wow wow wow. Come in to QAM. Hello. I'm a man. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. I want to find out about what I could read that article that Neil was reading earlier. Which one is that? The Pope. The one about the Pope. Yeah I turned on halfway through and I didn't get it. I'll think it out of the way. Spasians. See what the website was. Okay. See. That's anyway. See. And I always do this. Yeah you do. Huh? You put it in a discard pile. But if I rip it up all feverishly. Oh I don't know. It's fun. Maybe I didn't rip it up. Oh what is that? Oh it's something about Lauren McCall and Hugh Grant and gas. Oh this is all full of mung from in a waste basket. Maybe that's that Pope you because in a waste basket now. That is so bad. And that's really insensitive. You bastard you. You're going to rot and hell. There's a microjaxon. Here's that article. And the website is not from a website. Somebody texted to me. Although it's good. Then everything you have to be from a website somewhere. Here it is. Got it. Op Ed News.com. Op Ed OPED. Op Ed News.com. Got it. Got it. Slash. Fox. Man. Got it. I hope the guy's writing it down because that's it. I got to put all the stuff back in the trash. Man. It's okay. We don't care about this short day anyway. It's opening day for tomorrow and the man. That's right. That's where it's at baseball. And don't forget what I'm always tells us. You don't want to lose a beer community without major league baseball. Why I'm not really sure. But you don't want to be. Is that what he always says? Right. Then you'd be. You know, bush league. Yeah. We don't want to be bush league. Got for bed in by should ever say South Florida is bush league. Even though obviously it is. It's a bush league paradise is what it is. You're fairie. Twenty-two. At five sixty w q a and ham sure by now. You've got to be familiar with Anthony Kelly and though. He's about the most famous guy in town now. He's the main man. He's the main man of the seventh capital mortgage before you call any other mortgage company. Let the main man tell you what you don't know yet. Most banks only work with three different mortgage products which ain't much. And if you're quite a disgusting absolutely perfect you're ready here that most famous. That most is disgusting. Two little word in the English language. Oh, that is the one. If you're not working with the right lender chances are getting approved only 50 50 at best. Do yourself a big favor call right now. Toll free one. Triple eight for way three loan. That's one eight eight eight eight four eight three loan. Let the main man in this team put you into a mortgage. You're too into a mortgage. It means you need a void going to the wrong lender. Maybe even being turned down because you call the wrong number. Call the main man and acceptance cap report today and get the deal. Looking forward. One triple eight for eight three loan. And don't forget every time they close alone a portion is donated to kids in the stress. So I call anybody else. So boy the bait and switch call the main man today. Anthony Kelly and though it's a toll free call. One eight eight eight four eight three loan. When it comes to interest. We've got to see. We've got to see. We've got to see. First and now. We've got to see. We've got to see. We've got to see. What's with your license? She will. She will. Hey, all right. There's so much instead of a side. I'm the little Pope. See you. I stand up before you now. And it's going to be a few changes around here. Starting with a few spritz as a glazed mist. A few. F***. I love you. Shut up and do your job. But it's slippery and moist. The pears. I do to be my hat. And that's that. That's what you're going to be. See. I hate that hat. From a finder. Of my day. I did well. We'll get a better grace for my head. My teeth. Ooh. That's better. Where's the Hebrew National Garden? That's your business. I like I said. Put me the switch call. Hello. Where's the switch call? I have a pound of help. I'm late. Yes, my whole partner. No wait a second. I might always have. Yeah. I like it's like this. See. You know what the people. Okay. And the pound of God. Oh. Oh. Put that down on my screen. They're doing me a camel too. I'm just going to get back on my head. I still don't even make a good hat. You're useless. I can be a hat here. I'm going to say you're proud. Oh. Oh. Ooh. You're making my slip. It's going to be. Now I'm on great man. See. Let me bless you by son of the door. I'm going to the door. No. Oh. I'm 45. I'm somebody says the cold kidman for the pole. The cold for the pole. Got it. And somebody says somebody you're going to get upset. Andy Garcia. You like Andy Garcia. He admits it. Anyway, somebody says I hate Andy Garcia. He makes me sick. I wish he would have gone back to Cuba with Alienito. And by the way, the Ablala said no change. They still keep checking. No change. 560, 50560, pound 560, only Verizon and singular wireless lines. Don't forget we got the biggest travel ads that A. Baby, opening day. The Marlins. I was moving to be telling everybody they's rooting for the brave today's a brave span. What's he's entitled? That's his opinion. Is he going to be telling people that? No. Probably not. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah. The ugly is trying the world. He's going to be going to work. He's already on there. Yeah. We'll be on there. And move it up nicely by the way. We'll be just got 34. You'll be pleased to know. 34. W2QAM. Hello. And here you watch and crack it on the Fox News. Which one is that? The guy on the high feet, please? No. Wave it as the bowl. Can't go out on the door. No, I'm watching now. I'll get you there in the same Peter Square. On Amazon, the MSNBC. The big problem. Water deliveries. We found folks from back home who are here because they don't have to be. There's there because they're all those that are to wrist is there. That's because most of the people are to wrist is see folks from back. Great line that was. Yeah. They're there because they have to be. It's a big deal. They have to be. That's right. Otherwise they're going to rot in the head. They're going to miss a big deal. They're going to miss when he falls off that slam. That's going to be bad. They keep stopping around like that. They're just increasing the chances. Velcro. I'm telling you. He's going to do that. Is he Velcro to that thing? You know what? It looks like his lips are Velcro back. They don't think he has this man. He's looking really bad. Come on. Bonacetta. You know, a codename or what it even doubt those feet so that one, you know, they'll be at least a year or a man. That's good feet. I've never seen anybody who's a soccer field. So you see what the guy from whammy that kid, whoever the hell is named was. You're obsessed with his feet. What? What was he for? Sandals. I don't know. What are we from? No, yeah, you do. Because you said those people have a funky feet. That's a different story. No. Yes. Who are the people with a funky feet? The Indians. Well, when you know about them, they're for half feet like three times. I got more Indians in my apartment building. It's Ronald, and you've ever seen me in your life put together, man. Seeing their feet? Nobody has smelled their curry. Well, you'd never forget. Man, if they're feet smell like their curry. Wow. I don't know what they feel like. I just want to look like. Believe me, you don't want to. Three frogs. Do you want to cue a M? Hello. What about laughing on the list? Ha ha ha. Do you want to cue a M? Hello. On Gomeo. Yes, sir. That was incredible. The one with Howard David is the Pope. I almost forgot what I was going to say. Oh, yeah. Right. What's your step? Yeah, that one. Did you see that article online from that, uh, Muslim prophet who predicted the US is going to and I don't know if you'd discuss it on your show. The US is going to end. He writes a whole article about how the, uh, the tsunami is in Asia. Are going to tell and compare. Oh, yeah. I saw that. Yeah. Well, so it all, that only, uh, not jobs are saying that. Yeah. And to him. He doesn't have to worry about destroying the US. Well, president, he's already doing a great job of it. Yeah. He's already got a nice head start. Like I said, he has start program. But the him, I'd like to say that. Bar. Who went out of Nye, I'm for raw. Yeah. Casal voice is what he's trying to say. That's what he wants to message to settle. Okay. Hey, listen, go eat some a tray for you. Please go to Wendy's. He's going to be a big and cheeseburger. It's good for you. Stop it all. Religious nonsense. Okay. Stop it now. What is Peter Jennings? Well, I mean, we don't know. He's going to work through the chemotherapy. And it is possible that he'll be able to listen to that through cake. Who's that? I have a 91 year old grandmother who just went, now that he's very. Oh, my God. What a screamer. You're very. Holy moly. Wow. There's that getting this is the last of the three landing of the last. Talk time that we're going to. Good. Good. What do you mean? It kind of fags that they put on the air face. We'll be missed if you hear that. And it's going to be pleased. And has ABC announced? Mark Pies. That's her name. Mark Pies. From New 3. See they floater. Anyway, it's. It's right. Maybe that's what was in my one and went to the Aphthalmologist. That is. I still got that floater in here. Yeah. Mark Pieser. Mark Iser. I get it. Otis Peter Agene. Who could take the anchor share one day? No. What are we going to do? Tom Brocos gone. Dan rather they forced him off the air. And now Peter Jennings. I'm waiting for the news. Robot. Maybe Rick Sanchez and ABC. Oh, he's not. Ricky Tickie Sanchez. Baby. He's a killer. What a kind of sport. We're the author. Support for your bicycle to explain. Yeah. I'm an all-new ther's shovel. I go kickless stars. As the Shival. It is first laid down performance. What are you doing? Insert the two. Let's not get frizzy. Lord God. Push command you. Insert the two. What were the. The Shival wheels and two actions. To crush Christ. Hey man. What you doing? What were the. Don't miss any of the two fisted action. As the Shival. Those as into a pole. With a will to fight crime. And a will to survive. He that. The cheek wiggle. Oh, come on. No, she. Okay. Reinsert the two. What were the. Hey, put that to the way. We need please. 153 at 5. 60. Nobody can. The tension is building man. You could kind of with a butter knife. Most going to be out there. G to the ballpark. The stadium at whatever used to be called. Dolphins stadium. Dolphins playing air. No. And we know care about the dolphins. We have them. No. We got the. Marlon's. We got the pregame of 330. The marlon's in the bravest. Opening day man. How come we didn't go up there today? I should like. I done my dentist tomorrow. We should have gone up to the ballgame. Would have been a blast. Yeah. Huh? Me as a bronch. I'm going up there. Right. How to go to the. I'll get the fire extinguisher. How many QA have you? The annual is Richard gear on it with. Yes. He is. Okay. You're welcome. How's he doing by the way old dick. Let's see. 35. In fact, Richard years. When I'm up in Goldberg's behind Goldberg's. How many QA have you? Yes. Maybe the Catholic church can give by someone as stolen money. Yeah. Yeah. Make things right. I want to hold my breath, pal. Don't hold your breath. Okay. Okay. There he goes. Make it up. So we get about the Vatican banking scandal. Next to be talking about pedophile priest and stuff like that. Make it up all those terrible stories. To get that William Donna who all been out of shape. You know, the one from the Catholic league. That's our business. Always angry and pissed off. And got that. Look at that. Yeah. Down the hoe. What a username. Oh, yeah. That. That he be. W. You know, he's got 27. Have a good day. Hey back to you. W. W. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy Tuesday. Thank you. And he's got 27. Have a good day. Hey back to you. W. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I want to go in. He's a real, uh, stucky actor, Billy Krupple. Billy Kristle. Oh, my God. It's on American. And I'm Billy Kristle. But you go right ahead. I mean, did you add the story? Okay. Thanks. Billy Kristle. Yeah. He's a little, uh, I mean, a little tired of him. You know, you're not. Well, I think he's been a movie in like 10 years. But I'm a little tired of him. Yeah. I'm not talking about his heart. We can use a hair period. You know, the Oscars, the Emmys, the, uh, whatever. The tell the tubbies. I'm just, I'm just tired of Billy Kristle. He's okay. You never stole a free train. I mean, I prefer. If I, if I, I was going to say Chris Rock, I didn't rather have kid rock than the Billy Kristle. I'm just tired of his act. W. It's right out here in T and that he'll be on my lower baseball broadcast from somewhere. He's always his big baseball fan. Billy Kristle is at the Cubs. Somebody. Oh, you know, who else Bill Murray's also a big cubs fan. He and Harry Kirill could be sitting side by each up there. That big bullpen in the sky. W. K. I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if it's just me, but I've been trying to get your website for about an hour now. I've got to write here. I'm looking at who he's just. Fine. Fine. I'm fine. All right. Well, he's already on our hey Tom hang. You miss me. He makes me do a wild diarrhea. All right, perfect. Thank you. Okay. So there you go. Two out of two and two two. By the way, had business a bishop does been two two one or before. He was a reculating about the a pope. Now, you think when bishop to two meets his maker or when he dies, they're going to have like a big semis like this about the bishop to do. You think that when the a dolly lama starts singing hello and goodbye dolly, that's like a big semis like this. No, you think that when a rabbi from the church, you know, whatever that place is, what's that place? You're shooting Hollywood when he dies? No. No. Go with a Pope. See this again goes back to the whole arrogance of the thing. That's what really frosts my fat ass. Okay. You want to go there like to almost say we we had no choice. We had to be here. We felt the spirit of Christ compel us. We'd like the outfits. Whatever it was that through them there, you know. Go ahead. Have a good time. It's had in people who gladly take the money of all these suckers tourists idiots there. These get skis. They'll take your money. You know, you're going to get the money. You're going to get the money. You're going to get the money. Okay. And then the gypsy's will see your wall and your credit cards. But I mean, it's quit trying to like just drown us in a sea of this religious crap from one. I mean, it's bad enough we get it from all our religions. But from one denomination. All the way is one hell of a show. I'll say that. Oh, yeah, this is this is even that be a good pole Sunday. Who puts out a better show? The British Marriky or the Catholic church. That's that's that's the toss up. There is so much no opportunity in an expensive outfills in a business. They got the what do they call the guard there at the Bucketham Palace. The whatever the royal guard. No, that's not what they call. Come on. Whatever they are. It'll come. The right guard, the left guard. The right guard. They put on one hell of a show man. They get all those expensive outfits in the thick plush velvet. And then of course, in Rome, we got to Swiss guard with those straight things they were. Yeah. And then of course, the Cardinals and a bishop. So everybody's got their own. They got the green ones and the purple ones. And then all the vestments and then like that. Very sad. And what's even said is that most people do this can't reach him anymore. It does make a bad people. It just makes them lost. The British royal palace guards. Is that what it is? The Royal Palace guard. They will excuse me. What would they have at the royal guards for sure? And the best part of it is when people come along and they'll like poke them. You know, to see if they can get into an expression on their face, they poke them. Enough and happens. That's a French. They're poking them hard. It's Charles said that he keeps trying it. Nothing happens. Well, I mean, if you were engaged to Camilla, you'd try something else too. I'll guarantee you that. Yeah. Anything else? Right. I hear he has. Anyway, here's what we got. What actor actress? Bettsfett. Bettsfett. I got to get out of this room, man. I'm going to go running out of this place. This is a sick place. And more ways than one. I'll never see a movie if a so-and-so was in it. J-L-250. Look at that. Mel Gibson 101. Pauli, sure, 92. Ben Affleck, 48. Julia Roberts, 45. Woppy Goldberg, 36. But who cares? Because it's opening day. Bye. Bye. Bye.