Then there in LA to play the angels actually on the land on Tampa Bay deals in the house I think I hear you. He's no earth-norm. Herv-norm number 25. He's a little in half and Hank Bauer. Yeah, I was my favorite player by the way I love Hank Bauer. It was great. Yep, but the earth-norm won a batting championship in 54 But he didn't have enough advance to justify so Bobby a Ville one just well memory for crap Wow, he's that amazing. Yeah And that's you have the Indians broke the record at that time for the most wins. I think was 111 wins. That's right And then they got swept by the Giants and dusty roads in a four-game world series. They hit those home runs One years ago, man, are we older? Yeah They hit those home runs in a pole ground and say, well, I don't know why they call them Chinese homers And they could they would go they would like pop-offs. You know, and they would just land and that's short-wake field What was it about 14 feet down the road for you? Yeah Those are the days man rust hijes. That was great rust hijes. Yeah, yep And we got David boring and rocky Bernstein and rich walls and people in south Florida. I had an idea today What's going to do? Yes Put out lighter in a booth and let rocksy pitch Well, I couldn't hurt either on either end. I think it's a good Swap off lighter did a good job in a playoff playoff share when he was announcing So I gave you the horse to came in this in second in the Belmont on Saturday Yes, his kilometers here. Oh, give it to Dave too That was my exact Right, I'm slowly so afraid Alex out, but I mean you couldn't you know if you're betting you certainly had a foot of minute So wasn't about I I couldn't let you touch the triple if you were smart which was more to the start But if you were smart in bed like nine seven all you got a $1200 triple or nice number you know if you were smart You and I come home to promulg guys. I know did this Lost in the fog a great printer Was in the true North Andy cap right Oh, they showed all the mistakes yesterday. I want to So if you took him and went all all a free Alex You got a pretty nice payoff for a pick four or two Can't give us in it lost in the fog might be the best three year old. I have my doubts because that that race of fleet Alex We're when he if I lost in the fog is the best three year old. You think so. Yes Well, I'm gonna say that it'd be an asus printer He's never gonna get it in the court because he was when a fleet Alex made that move. He just accelerated like It was unbelievable. You know, he did the same thing And his winning the Arkansas the same thing except he almost fell down. Yeah, you know And he was about to write that and the pre-niss but That was a pretty lousy crop of horses. He beat right. There's no question about them I mean You know he's relative. Yeah, but that's right But the horses were in 30 was a maiden No one's can't Yeah, but that's what made the number in the triple you love that eight out of 11 horses and it raised Excuse me had no more than two wins in their lives right. I mean it was the worst Thalmont Field and I will say this joccomo is the worst horse ever to win a derby Well, now you Mike Smith said that he swallowed his palate He still a horse horse ever to win a derby one one horse race Other than maiden He could run and any conditioneration a country I'm not a veterinarian. I mean either are you but think I don't understand as if or swallows its palate And he said it was in the paddock and I know when they Post parade and Isn't that something they can do about that before the race? I would thank him Because that was his excuse after the race he said he could hit the girdling sounds and you know when they've done it but I don't get it. I Have that before happy to start the race oh show we said you hear the girdle sound That's what he said to have that happened before the race is usually that happens during a race Right, but he said he said he never race that he swallowed his palate so I thought well Is there something they can do it maybe not and like like those things that they have when you go to the doctor Can't breathe when that happens right So pretty well for a horse who couldn't breathe and then be all the same He was the worst and see you're taking away maybe if he wouldn't as well as his penalty to one said you know what I do like that horse All year I so I I picked that horse in a sand and needed Derby and yeah, he ran terribly that That sounds like star grapes to mean no, no, I just said that's it No, right, you know when your horse bear and a horse runs bad right and And you take a look at his record right and he's won one race in his life. He's a piece of girl You say that horse just doesn't find a first one saying you know I mean And Robert was here when you know The decent second to bring the rest of the thing okay, but I if you watched the ride on there being a runaway I thought was pretty good jockey he waited until the race with I mean That's the way that horse runs how long can you wait? How long can you wait? He wasn't as good as the other horse But you know what he was he made his move with the same time that a fleet out I did yeah, the only problem is he was like 10 lanes behind him when he made it at least seven or eight Nice behind him when he made his move. No, they started it. They you had you gotta go back and watch the race They were last and next go last they were together And then you know they may start it there move at the same time and what happened was a fleet outlaces of much better horse Oh, he's sure you well he was never gonna be the next one. He going around you And he was well and he was beaten by seven lanes. What you know? They were happy Quite an episode of the radio station on Thursday. Oh, what happened? And you haven't heard about it? No, oh my goodness Well, your operations manager and yours truly we both got dragged into a forest into one of the most embarrassing hoaxes in the history of right It's just prophetic I don't want to see who was involved the quickly going to be a clue. Yeah, that's a good hint Thursday at about 12 30 Joshua and Chris Our duck comes rushing in and tells them the to pass along to me that mo knows because I had mentioned it Thursday that here it is the ninth of June or whatever 30 day was and we still didn't know the broadcasts for the dolphins on the habitation yeah, so duck gets to call from somebody and I want to say who don't go Tells him breathlessly be sure tell Neil then I have the information. I'm gonna put it on the year 2015 this afternoon. I have to use some I know who the new dolphin broadcasts is gonna be like it was for real Okay So I've put it on the air for going well. I knew got this to make the other guys kind of like a little red and face whatever you get to scoop So he's got some funky sports writer from the Palm Beach post down with him is the guest on the phone Which I never heard of the sports writer, but never that's not important So they talked a little bit about the heat a little bit about that and about that and then the sports writer asked him Well, what seemed to be very choreographed way well, I'm Mr. David who's gonna be the new voice of the dolphins and he went in this cornball thing about Well, you remember 1980 to gain the dolphin just game with the one out here as well Guess what it's gonna that's gonna be there will be no traditional announcer with the booth Nick Sabons gonna be wired up on the sidelines And it will be the game as Nick Sabon sees it because everything has to be his way It was the most Embarrassing The great onions one thing if you're not funny there a lot of people who aren't funny, but worst thing is trying desperately to be funny when you're not My idea that the guy in the morning Vietnam remember him you officer the Bruno Kirby character. Yeah. I'm funny You know he kept saying My little daughter so people I know so I'm funny deleting a rare word rather than a risk in an ass and his response and Friday when he came on the earth Well, I should give you a little of her show. What do I do give him two free shows a week? I should give my other show there. Oh, that's correct Right Ha ha ha Rather My whole I'll tell you one thing you know change you know, I mean so since you were gone a few days no change Sorry, I missed all that now. Yeah, no you're not Had a much better time this and that it was too good a good time. I'm sorry. Well good I have been time that woodbind on Saturday. Yeah, no slots though Despite always don't know But I have some sensational news about woodbind yeah For my four people in the city who the in Toronto who may be going out there and that is that I was playing and I seemed all around me People are winning 3000 here in 1500 there So what's going on today seems like the machines are a lot looser I hit a thousand a wheel What's going on and lady next to me says oh the feds were here Tuesday and She tells me the story about how every now and then there be a couple of years They come in there and they get they check all the machines and they make sure the check the payouts and evidently and have it I've been telling you that they have those things nailed down tighter than a snare drum. Yeah, all of a sudden now I'm here in stories about Friday. They were paying like crazy and Saturday when I was there They were paying like crazy So what when that gets around yeah I mean this is the word travel people start flocking in there and start playing word gets around Make no mistake because it's a you know, it's a circuit. It's like a Fraternity of Lens including me. You know All right, that's good news. It sure is holds up some bright prospects for this long nice summer coming up It sure is strange though that there is no an answer yet Yeah, so 13th of June. Yeah, I mean why you were gone channel 6 said we're not gonna well I'll stick a letter to the games your buddy Tony. He's not gonna do it so not that he's qualified anyway But oh, he said he's not doing it now because there was a lot of that word around now That's history. Okay, they probably couldn't get the deal done So the color guys down to I guess so they're saying Jimmy syphilis and that forget who else was the other one But no play by play guy yet. I don't think it'll be Joe I don't Joe wants to do it. No, no Joe also said no no way So maybe say they don't have any answers. Maybe Moe was right and more you idiot But they have a football game once with no an answer, but that was an answer And that was either the dolphins of the judge yeah, but that was on television right You know, you can have a game without an answer So we have a lot of people that are on radio That was something selfish and that's a slight problem. Yeah Right, don't be like having a horse race with no one answer on radio Yeah exactly What ever happened to Joe tan in bomb is he still around Joe's consultant now at call home Yep, they retired him last year. I'll never forget when he was doing us that stuff on Io D. Oh Track and I'd like he would not know what he gave me the results of the race, but he would call a fake call over For the race rain. They're pretty good. They're racing. Yeah, he was he was a panic Good guy. I like Joe. Yeah, I remember one year Joe said what would it take to bring you back to Gulf? I don't want you that we love Gulf stream a lot You do don't wait Why you have a nice day I would fine We love him all we love everybody. Yeah, that kind of people you know, yes, friendly guys have a great thing And we're bundled a day all right you have money so we can't wait and know. Yeah, I'd like to do that. Okay. I'm a good one. I read the dirt You're stupid you digs and digs and digs and digs and digs and digs and digs and digs and digs and digs and digs Well the free me being a bit of a scary sign Where is that old boy? Just a couple of bottles and look to me best and now it's time to just have a jacks and digs You're fair. Okay now, if that went day, it's the start. He may have been taken good by to his bad man, Bob McHaw. Give it up to reach his home, while they walk around in his underroo, and go his time to decide the jacks in his face. Will the two re-laught this free go away? No. Or will my go jacks didn't go free, so I go to him. He's the wacko gets to the loaves, he'll be split out of the channel, he's the two. And now it's time to decide the jacks in his face. Oh! I don't know if that all's not his jacks, but I'm a father, man, of the three best. And now it's time to decide the jacks in his face. So, if they get tired, they're just being a self-defense. Please don't reveal them, and decide the jacks in his face. And make them a day or not, as the case may be, what do you think? Because they'll be the day. Let's take off an office pool, I wish they were a jury's going to come in with a verdict, or of course maybe there's going to be a hung jury. I think they're measuring right now. It's 11 after 10, 11 after 10 already, it's almost time for that break, just because we enough time to read this facts our first thanks to the week, from La and Sherry in Hollywood to say, I came across an outstanding website, perfect fit for your show, cost of war.com, it'll blow your minds as long as Sherry. You can actually find out what's been spent in a rack during your four-hour program, also you can get on the, did can you hit the Joe Biden quote during your Wiserings, told us in a rum spell, he doesn't know what family's talking about, it would be a super-drop, and well, let's see if we can get that. Huh? It would be almost as good as when rum spell said, when rum spell said, am trashed. Well, we have a whole bunch of antrash stuff in it now, but nevertheless, lastly, check out a reputation in Tenters by Paul Kidd, Robert Sabre, Republican and former Reagan office over the states, both should be impeached and convicted of deceiving Congress and the American people. That's so easy, correct. You rockwell.com slash Robert slash Robert's 101. Neil had a super-vine vacation, Georgia, you do an admirable job, especially on religion with a handshake, La and Sherry Jacobs, and well, that's how you get it from us. No kids, guys, let's check out. Anyway, we're here to have a religion, you a heath and level, and I ask you, yeah, what's your point? I don't know. Well, then come to find out that Deakthroats daughter, forget about the grandson, I can't, but anyway, you need to read about that cult that she was involved or whatever that thing was, some dumb fused bizarre, some little strange. And I'd be to say I didn't really watch any news for a week. Good, actually. Yeah, we're a bit of a vacation. Good. That's great, well, I have a longer vacation, come up. And just a few days in fact, five more of these shows to do, and in most of it's a, of course, don't forget, I'll be here two days and Thursday. We should put that on the website. Yes. The George would be on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, all summer long. In fact, it would be on all next week, because it's, we could vacation, and we start to, fake, I mean, at the phone, he's scheduled. 1013 at 5.60, WQA, and by the way, mole, like I told Hank, that was the worst, the dosa, what we're asking you to give when you lay a giant egg like that, huh? Well, it's always me, it's always somebody else, not that I'm in denial. Of course, I'm a great broadcaster, I'm out of here, right? You are such a heaped man. I say heaped, heaped. When you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and price, those of three ingredients that it's all about. So get your answer with a brandy shoes, for the most comfortable fit, your favorite style of shoes. Brandy's carries a humongous selection of this about every major brand in the world. They got all the top names like rock ports, foreshan, Mufisto, SAS, echo, new balance, all the other names that you know when you're feet love. And brandy's professional shoe fitters, I'm sure you have a customized fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time. Just ask for Arnie, he'll make ding, sure he gets a perfect fit of the right price. And if brandy's you're never going to hear, oh, sorry, we don't have that style in your size because it's a gigantic selection in stock. Whatever you like, they got it, you want it, it's on your feet. The pros have brandy's understand fit and comfort effort 25 years of serving South Florida. They're still a family business worth a trip from just about anywhere in town. For comfort style fit, value and of course, price as well. Brandy's shoes 12 million North federal highway pop at a week, open daily Monday through Saturday to line Sunday till five. And just in time for five years, Dave, foreshan, new balance, spare in rock ports selected men, saw styles all on sale this week. So be sure to get your ass in the store this week or do your shoe shopping right on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. David's a bitch. Let's go. I've got my bag of bones. The children, they and their real one, you can't solve this stuff. No. There's so much respect for that fight. I've got my doctor's permission that's right. Pretty soon when I get the mugs in, Cookies and milk will be nice. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. All of my home is grown. That's what I call it. Cook and sing in 10, 19, a QA. I'm not that line nine as ringing. Which do you think we ought to take? I think we ought to take a fitness for that. I think I've got to be a great first call of the week from out of town. There was no dropout strife on the web site on the streaming. I bet that. So I haven't had a week. They're all peeing because they've been fitness. This is a streaming company. This is one case you can't play more engineers. You can't play in beesley broadcasting. You certainly can't play in poor fat Eric. Don't play musk as we had none to do with that. The streaming that was dropping out and dropping out on our crap. Let's start with K. We got the green light. I've got a new edition since you went out of vacation. I'm sure you hadn't seen a green light. I've seen that spaghetti on the ellipse. I remember where that was. And a big green light. The recorder up in the zero dropouts. And it's a... Maybe we're doing it. We're screaming it. Hmm. 1911. 70 votes on Friday over the weekend. Who's the biggest media horror? Tracy Jackson just buried the competition. 738. There are 7372 that count was bitch. Donald Trump 185. Al Sharpton 125. Nancy Grace 119. She should have done much better than that. She's even right up there on Jesse's ass. God do I despise that armor? Give me both. Oh man. She just gives me the willys. I can still believe in my stomach when I see her. But I fully drown. Oh, it's she's. Through rosinocity. In fact, she's like a female doctor. Through rosinocity. One L.S. Ruben Semini. Howard Stern 58. The King of all media. A jury fall well 50. Dan L. Banschen 43. Glory all red 39. Bob Novak who ought to be on death row right now. Waiting execution 33. Phil Rivers 19. I was channel serving yesterday in it. Bitch was on the one of the home shopping networks. You know, and that's he guy channel now. Oh, really? And that's what he was doing. He was even doing. That only old the Graham were. Bo Deal 14. Kettle coffee 12. Now he should have done better than that. He was on the end Friday. Come on you people. Phil Curtis six. We're saying a lot like I said. I like Billy's little melodramatic, but he just on 75 different shows a little bit too much and John McHane six. Okay. We want to start with a really good news. Oh, my line nine is a recolon Q. I am our first call of a week. Hello. Don't pay. Boy. Yeah. I'm sorry. It was going to be good to that. It was great. Here's the good news from overseas for suicide. This is just today's news. Then we get to the weekend. Great. So we don't want to like bog you down with that bad news. And as Barbara Bush would say, we don't want to mess up your beautiful mind. With all this depressing news. For a suicide par bombies and other insurgents in the tax today, kill 10 people. And at least 16 Iraqis were wounded after militants opened a fire and authorities trying to evacuate the injured from one of the blasts. So that's it today. So far. Of course, if there were way ahead, what is it like? There's a way to clock a night over there. So we don't have that much more time. Get busy. And for US soldiers were killed in separate roadside bombies. Wasted bad that over the weekend. The military said yesterday two soldiers were killed Saturday when a bomb is floating near the vehicle outside the Amaria. Some 25 miles west of Baghdad. Two other soldiers also died Saturday when the vehicle struck a bomb near Kakadum. A bigger part of 45 missiles west of Baghdad. And we finally crossed that milestone. At least 171 members of the US military are guys since the beginning of the war. That's the new count. 1701. It's okay. It's made up in a pretty good year. But it's not a good number. Over 1700. As we continue. And maybe this is just a coincidence. But USA today today says today, New York. The new Gallup full finds the most downbeat view of the warson said began in 2003. Patients for the war has dropped sharply as optimism about the Eureka elections in January has edmed. And violence against US troops has not abated. For the first time a majority would be upset. President Bush said more troops. A new low or 36 percent say true. Level should be maintained or increased. The souring of public opinion presents challenges for the first. Which bothers to end. Of course until democracy is established. I learned all of the democracies that we've been raised to have in the USA. It's starting to be breaks to tipping points and Ronald's specterary military historian at George Warkton University. Even some of those who thought it was a great idea that you would have sought him or say, I want our troops home. Remember in a network which you had joshined Christian like. Remember where they are that scene where we want to sell to you. Stop now. Remember that. They're all screaming. And there were need deep in there to their arm pits up for their chin and their telegrams. That's what they ought to be doing. We want the troops home. Now like that. That's what the Democrats ought to be doing too but this is pointless. You go how he keep picking ass. And notice this is the new thing. All the panels they sit around the talking heads. Be mowning. Oh, how would he do it? This serve is right. He's a little lonely. Keep picking ass. How he. Tell a like it is. Much of our business right wing. He full. Whatever they are. Go ahead. The panel in a public opinion on a rash strong support for the first two years. Then that he rose. His reminiscent of Korean Vietnam. Why how sportsmen David almost he asked about the poll set. It was a vital for US peace and security. And we complete the mission by trading a rackets and provide for their own security. That our troops can be turned home when they honor what they. What would the honor they have earned? He has vital for our peace and security. Was it vital to all that? Of course not. Yeah. Bush is approval this approval rating was 47% approved for the 9% disapprove. But tick worse than it was two weeks ago. The poll is consistent with other recent surveys that Joe growing concerned about the war. And ABC News worked in poll post poll last week. Two thirds of the US military was bogged down in a rack and nearly three quarters called the casually level on a separate list before we take that circle 1700 mark. Why it's critical I have no idea but nevertheless. Oh there's just all kinds of this stuff today. Just all over the place. Here's our another beauty curtain tin we've got nettle. We have three pictures of nettle for you. That's a bad news though for all you disc rotters out there. If you want pornography, find some porn websites. Okay. If you want their moody pictures. But certainly the 23. Now we just George and I discussed this for about four seconds this morning. And I mean, well, we want to put bathing suit for you. So I know what's in the room with that. And I'll go on by the water so let's straight it. Right? Right. To hell with it. Just a penny. Yes. And why should we just put in fabric in prison? Right? I should be here to get this man asked. Because he and could I mean, you may get three squares in there. We even may be oblongs but he ain't going to get enough food to keep him happy. Just picture the shower scene. Oh yeah. I can just picture that right now. Bye, Washington. No soap for air. Oh no. That gets slippery in there. But anyway, so we're not going to do it. No June 22nd will be your last B.D. Curtain. John George, everybody. Yeah, we'll have I like Debbie Gibson. I think for the end. The math. You know something maybe you like ought to do like a whole collage, a whole montage. Whatever you want to do, you know? Whatever. We'll just throw this real friend Nick with say a whole montage. Remember that show was pretty weak. I do it. What was when he said last 10 to Q.A.M.? When he found a job that you took this money, got this thing. Maybe it's person now. We'll just have a little logic so that he just gets into it. Let's put it into five steps. Go ahead. Do you weigh him? Do you weigh him? Do you weigh him? Do you weigh him? We'll just go for a go. Let's go for a go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Go for a go. Joe Jackson says that his son is found guilty. He'll take over as the custodial parent of Paris, Prince Leicole and Prince Leicole the second. Here now is Joe Jackson. This is Joe Jackson. You know, I was once voted a world greatest dead. And I got the coffee custard proven. Although I had to crazy do a back together after I cracked it over Tito's head. That's not fast. I'm a girl, but I'm a pro-player. I've done this too. I've stored with them Dr. Phil Booth. Family first. If I step play for great, I've seen nominal family. And co-ethelf matters which is creating your life from the inside out, which I found a little bit perversed. What's that? Oh wait a minute, here come Paris. Well, Paris. I'm not fine. Grandfather, so we're not a radio, Paris. I'm telling people that it'd be great, Paris. Thank you. Get that hell away from me. Get you see, Grandpa. Oh, come here. Don't cry. Let's grab a save up, cry. What's grandpa say about cry? Oh, cry. Don't cry. So cry. So cry. In a rough grandfathers. Now, I have a wonderful model and custodial figure. Look at what a great job I do when my kids. I'm sure that I'll raise my grandkids, thus gives us as well. I read her. Oh, here come Prince Jr. Now, can't you see Grandfather talking on the radio? You can't come. I won't give you a cookie right outside, you may be a little kid. Get back away, brother. What's Grandfather say about cry? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? No cry or no. Anyway, as I was saying, it's got to be loving, supported, and creates an environment where kids can cry. But cry. I dream, oh, oh. Here come the other Prince Michael, man, another Prince Michael. Grandfather, can I have a hug? Grandfather, oh, oh. Let's bring a positive, oh boy, so hug. Boy, so hug, hug can be like daddy. Get away from me. Try your brother. Make it fix. You make it don't touch it. Don't touch it. We don't touch Grandfather. You're about to waste your touch. He brought me, I'm a dad. He has one thing I've learned from my success for years, a parent in my six, seven days, nine kids. It's not all though how many a half. However, I'm new to law every one of them equally, especially Michael, who would tell cold the fee to pay away for the past 30 years. If it didn't do that, I'd probably wouldn't give me time a big like I don't deserve it. Most important rule, be loving, listen, and be patient with a little idiot. Think of Joe Jackson, have a good day. Get where's my office! Fine. You know how he cries, just like you're a one-away bride. Of course it is, I'm sure. Yeah. 26 to 11 a QA must take a couple of facts. I haven't even got today's podium. Here's the poll. Who best fits this description? Somebody in the old crashes who I like a lot. Of course I trust everybody, but it's not going to cause you to. That which is a fan of a lot. I've never been that like. I mean, you know, I'm good news as Jack's like the whoever is thinking this for that. What's not the like? Wee! Why? He liked to part up in the woods. It's better. Anyway, who best fits this description? An accordical, a whole year, 71. Bill Mar, 69. See, I don't, I mean, if you like these people just find more power to you, to reach its own. I would say Anna's attractive for a guy with big, Dr. Giffy-Glings. Bill Mar, 69, who again is a little four-four. Yeah, and so he agrees with me on some things. And what I agree with him, who cares? He's still a little four-four with you. They're very funny. You know what I think about people who think they're funny, who aren't. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. So I think. Steve, Dan, 45. They're out of gas. I think I got a gas. You'll be 29. Look, I don't, it's not personal with guilty. It's just, is it? No. I don't just like him personally. In fact, we had a couple of good crossovers last week. And Friday, he arose, and his stock rose several points in my book when he ripped Nolan ass. Don't, don't, don't. He's already pretty good on it. And you remember when it was Josh, Josh, I forget, but it was, it was very good. It was excellent. I told him, guilty. We like you a lot. Come on, you can do better than that. More than one. That's it. Billy, 29. George W. Bush, 28. Oh, yeah, right. The Abortura, Washington. Mel Gibson, 15. Mohard David, 14. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Dear, I didn't know he had that many computers run the house. Spencer, Fraser, 10, the Pope, 10. Galloway, six, Dave, and boring five. Rush Limbaugh, only four. Thank goodness for that. Rich, Walt's one. There are only a rich. And that's why I certainly never put the results of that pull in here. Who do you think you're kidding, Sarny? How many weeks ago was that now? I'm going to tell you about the pull on Foxy, Rocky. That one I just had. Do you disappear? Oh, brother. Goes to show you the power of this show. We made monkeys out of that whole lot of fear, but it's a some Sentinel. And this matter has he's got one. He's got two fair self-hating kind. That is. Okay, some others for the pull coming in now. From our Kubana from Hollywood says, What the goal, bro? Okay, all I'm saying that is. Oh, God. God. I'm not going to change my opinion of these people because, Oh, gee, Neil, if you just like to add a little bit better, I don't like him. That's who you don't know. I think she's a beard. He's always, she's always, you know, she's like a female been an app-leg. And speaking of that, yesterday I was channel surf and again was, what's that, Matt Damon movie with Robin Williams? Good, we'll hunt it. Good, we'll hunt it. And I watched like the last 10 minutes because I looked to see what time was over and I realized it was the ass into the movie. And I realized finally the difference between Matt Damon and Ben F. Lack, okay? Matt Damon is likable that an app-leg is just the opposite. He is absolutely, you can't, like if you tried. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, it's like, you know, even if you think he's not that great of an actor, which I think he's pretty good. It's just fine. That's good. And he's kind of cute to you know, but I always strange mouth. I don't know what that's all about. The both of us think I do know. But anyway, but Ben F. Lack, you just see this, don't like him. Right? And of course he's created that for himself. He's kind of like, like, jail-o, that he was, all these phony relationships and these marriages. Oh, give me a break, okay? I mean, it's one thing to have a beard and it's, you know, I have a phony way for girlfriend, like Tom Cruise. It's another thing to take into such great lengths, although cruise those two by me way beyond that. And I'll be 85 phony marriages. Anyway, we're not buying it. We're buying that about as much as Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie and Debbie Row and Tommy Row. I think there's a better chance of Michael Metamiratami Row than Debbie Row or Fish Row. Phil and Gainesville says someone you'll crash is why I like a lot. Randy Rose of era, America, radio. Randy Rose, I crash Randy. Well, we can put a run there, but I don't think I trash her. I just say that she takes herself much too seriously. And it's easy, Yenta. And I wish you all the best. Well, what do I trash her? I don't know. Is now basically what I say is that she takes herself too seriously. And if you don't support her 800% degree with evidence, she says she gets to be a little bit uptight about it. So what do I say that? Huh? Sounds about right. I don't think that's crashing though. I commend her for at least give it a good shot, you know. She's given her her best shot. She listened to the girl and listened to the old and she knew she was ready. And whatever. Now what she said. I don't think that's trash. She still find that most amusing. Never less. I think she was a nice, a zero-rated, a zero-rated. She's on the years indicated on her America. And I'm sitting here on two AM with us. Okay? So more power to you, Randy. You've obviously got a better reason than I got. Which isn't saying much, Norma. You're fair, silly person. And according to Holy End Bill Mar, they seem to be the winner. Is it a course of any day? If you like stealing that music, all I can say is your taste in music. Below is that's my opinion. Now what about Josh? Do you like stealing Dan? No. No. Thank God. Oh, brother. See how he's all of a sudden he liked the liver. And he hates stealing Dan like poison. I think George is really a big steely Dan thing. No. I like the couple of their songs back then. What? How are we out of gang? That's right. As music for food, okay? How much do I go and be like so? I wish you're them. But still turned out to be a real food. And they turned out to be a fake a fraud. Now, should we put him on or so? Calling a question. Okay. All the bush ginsers out there. Oh, yeah. Fula is still great news. Because he seemed to like the lowest president for it. And he knows that Sodom is a bad guy. We have to attack all these there. Really? Right. But I'm put him on or two. Just for fun. Just to piss him off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, you know. Let's take a look at that award-winning line up today. And we got hanged back. Hanged me at a very good point. By the way, thank you, Humper. And I've heard about that because I was so younger well-mbeding. Media equity in this stupidity in the investment of that whole episode on Thursday. But this is blue right on by me. The NFL game that was broadcast without an announcer. Obviously it was on television. The dolphins in the jets in 1980. It was on television with the announcer. How could they have a radio game with the announcer? No. Oh, my god. The investment level of needle is off the screen. What comes with the team? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I'm so good. Oh, my god. Who's pretty or five? Three. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Tonight on Extra. It's the Michael Jackson Rabbi Smooly Taste. So what you tell him is that you can't live without data dots. I cannot live without him. You tell me. Right now. It's like you could never get it. It's okay, my god. I'm a cat. I'm a cat. I swear to you because I haven't met you for a minute. Or you come almost. He's a nice dude. We can see the moon. Are you a friend? Does that mean that I can't take the court on both conversations? Now that's supposed to be his former spiritual advisor, Rabbi Smooly BoTea. I just like seeing it. Who doesn't? Shooly BoTea. What did he say? Oh, hey, silly. It's kind of like all religion and all the people that are silly, beers and a handsome, a cat, a schmothas runner, my only. A coutrements. It's a crap. Speaking of crap, the US military president, Guantanamo Bay drew fresh criticism yesterday, following that new time magazine report on a logbook, tracing the treatment of a detainee who officials believe was intended to take part in the 9-11 attacks. Time to report on the treatment received by Mohamed Al-Tatanee, prompted a quick defense from the Pentagon along with outrage from several members of Congress. Al-Katanee was denied entry to the US by immigration officer in August 2001 and later captured Afghanistan and simply detention camp at the US Naval Base in Gitmo. The 84 page logbook obtained by time and authenticated by Pentagon spokesman Larry Doreta, who's a real piece of work, by the way. Any guy that was always thin of behind Rumsfeld? Okay. Beware of him. Is the kind of document that was never meant to leave GIVMA, we've seen your Pentagon official full of magazine. According to the logbook, which covers Al-Katanee's interrogate, interrogations from November 2002 to January 2003, the time article reports that daily interviews began at 4am and sometimes continual midnight. The interrogation techniques included refusing Al-Katanee a bathroom break and forcing him to pee in his pants. It's not appropriate to send it or chuck Hagle on CNN's late edition with the unshissable blitzery. It's not at all within the standard of who we are as a civilized people but our laws are. They tell us, probessies interact that were civilized people all that did people in the canary anyway, they did. In February 2013, this was suddenly wrong if dangerous and very dumb short-sighted in Nebraska Republican said, this is not how you win the people that were over the hour-side, especially the Muslim world. During the period covered by the logbook time reported, the French Secretary of the Rumsfield approved 16 additional interrogation techniques for U-Sensee and 70 Tames. Now, let's see here this one. This will send you into orbit. All right. Afterward interrogators began the sessions without Katami at midnight and the Wakenton would dripping water or Christina Aguera music. Oh, hey, dad. If he does doff, the magazine article reports all I need to hear. Talk about cool and unusual punishment. The post. Wakenton would dripping water or Christina Aguera music. The magazine said, you mean, sorry, said the technique approved by Rumsfield included standing for prolonged periods. I said, the result is 30 days. Not 30 days. We move a clothing forced shaving a facial hair and hanging pictures of scatily-clad women around his neck. While playing Elvis in the background seeing, you want to wear my finger on your neck. Hagle said such treatment should offend the sensibilities of any straight-thinking American, any straight-thinking citizen of the world, any human being. Sender-died, Diane Feinstein, California Democrats had on the same program that the treatment outlined in the article presents a kind of ludicrous view of the USA. I don't know what tree word barking if she said it's a terrible mistake. Probably one of the big redwoods out there. Diane, I'll get back to you, Diane. I don't know why we didn't learn from begromssia that we're for the US-based neck, can't understand. I don't know why we didn't learn from our book, our rape prisoner, Iraq, but here we are in Gitmo with many of the same things surfacing, what a surprise. Hagle raised questions about the quality of leadership that would allow some things to happen, growing a comparison of his own experience fighting to be at none. We've been reassured last two years, it's not happening when in fact it is happening, in other words, it's a part of lie, you've got it. There's either a culture of leadership or there's not. He said, this kind of stuff will fill the vacuum and it needs to stop. We want the Saudi deal stop now. Hagle and Feinstein said they weren't sure whether the facility should be closed and we're looking forward to sending judiciary committee hearings this week. I mean, I think you'll be looking forward to what the D-T-E-S-N, adequate legal protection. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is also planning to make it easier to disqualify. I'd be elected all the stuff. I think they're having a impeachment before our big express and insure lesion. I could be wrong, but I'm afraid so. In fact, this week in the Congress, they're introducing, finally some legislation about having a time table for getting the troops out of Iraq finally. After all of this time, after we crossed the 17 number, did 17 alone and still counting. And what did they die for? That's the worst part of the guy to keep us free. to make your bank a safer or more civilized place. Oh no, we're all being based on a died based on. Oh, right. I got a whole bunch of articles on that too again between a Tony Blair. See, one thing with the prints that they do is they suck up whoever is in there. Yeah, see, with Margaret's actor and Reagan, it seemed like an edge for a lens because they were both right when lunatics. But it doesn't make any difference. You know, I'm a little agglier with foot and seein' logical, right? Right? Both liberals. But then blur and bush just is type because the prints will suck up because they know damn well, otherwise, uh, Lunababa Grande's coming. Right? Right. Well, blood had been right off the map if they don't cut the crap. So that's what they do. They just end with all those was whatever he wishes. They suck up and suck up and lie for us and cover up. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. New. Yes, sir. You know, uh, old day. WQAM hello. Oh, five, six, seven, five, six, six, seven, five, six, six, six, good calls to get us started here today. pound five, six, six, and leave her eyes and sing it around the sun. Sounds to me like they are. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Under mine. Maybe we got all the people on the full that we need, and I can just go through my whole pile, just to make you happy. Alright, that would make me happy. Well, that's good. Well, I've never know that we have some weirdy sensational calls last week. And I remember any of them specific, but we had a few. Did we? Yeah, about three. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. That we wouldn't mind having again. Well, the first of all, there's nobody around. I mean, nobody with a life is, it's the 13th of June. You've got to be kidding me. Nobody around everybody's out of town. Especially getting rid of all that rain and the hurricanes are coming all that stuff. Speaking of hurricanes, don't tell me they actually lost again on the weekend they're done. Yes, so sorry. What did they, they want to be losing like the last 11 in the wrong road, something like that. It's pretty embarrassing. I think we ought to like drop that stuff. Thought of you QAM, hello. QAM. Yeah, I like to speak to Nilkwood speaking. I was just wondering, I mean, there's an aside from what you're talking about. Any use on the pants? There's no use to stay up on hockey and a roguy vashoff. Yeah, roguy vashoff. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. As Jack Plant, have you mama? W QAM, hello. Hi, can I speak to Nilk? Speaking. I look great day. Okay, I'm back here. W QAM, hello. I'm back there. W QAM, hello. So I'm back here. QAM, hello. Yeah, you mean, I like it, too. OK, sir. I just want to say one thing to you. I love your show and I want everybody to know. I hope you have a good week. OK, great. W QAM, hello. QAM, hello. See, they know this is last five days before I get that long recess. So they're going to make up for a long time. QAM, any of what's up, I'm going to say. I just got a birthday last week. My good for you. Congratulations. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, the poll question is who best fits this description? Somebody need no fresh, which is why I like a lot. Now, like I said, maybe we got all names on there. We don't really need to be building this poll. Oh, G, why not? And then you drop it. You know what it is? They're coming on glue because they found out to be the pertinent this year, period and about 10 days. Yeah, I can see how. Oh, G, what are we going to do? Find a new play toy, OK? Get a compass in a road map and find a new play toy. 399 votes on there already. Let me do a two-shabby in the first hour. Seen's how everybody's out of town. And the best news is, look at that stream and baby. Oh, a three minute. On the screen and it. No stream and it. No drop-outs. Like that. You're not sure you're impressed. Very. So we have to think, Mom, who, of course, in a total panic, do fair. I'm proud of you. You should have seen her while. I'm Thursday. I didn't see her, but so wait. Just filming it tomorrow for about the whole most thing because you know that he's suddenly in the back, the whole deal about putting that on there for modeing that farstead. Oh, pathetic. So I'm trying to make up for her. He ran back to the engineers. He was on the streaming as a stream up and he was upset. Like that. And engineers as you as I go, don't play must. But the engineers actually got in touch with the streaming company. That's responsible. And we come to find out that the streaming was all screwed up for power. And everybody that streams. It was a technical problem on their ass end. So they fixed it and by one clock there was they replaced a part. I guess it's just a part. I'm not sure which part it was. Back though, I might have been it. And now we got no dropouts. I mean, and of course, some of the colors we had in the first hour already been dropouts. But that's another story. And then exciting. No dropouts. So far. So you have to complain about that. But then of course wants to be the current disclosure. You know, you think Eric is back with that. You know, it's going to be five years. I know you're not going to be on the air that long before they stopped calling. Letting us know and or complain about that. I had a really good idea about that. Speaking of how long it would be on here. There's like three and a half years left in this deal. If I live that long. And I'm thinking if they were smart, which of course they're not. Until I croak they should like have you on like they take the summer schedule. And just extend it. So like croak. You do Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'll do two days. They'll do Tuesday. They'll slightly reduce this salary. Just slightly. How many bucks? Who best fits this description? Somebody kneeled trashes. I like a lot. And we're pretty tealed with him. 84 votes. Almost 400 votes in the first hour. We got a chance for a thousand of a. Jack. You think? Probably not. No. Anacornal for you 91. Bill Mar 83. He's a twerp. If you ask me, hey name a twerp. You know, I'd say Bill Mar. Little twerp. Noine. And he's always got some bookies from one. He's always promoting some book. A. St. Ian 56 throughout a guess. Gally 33 high school and Galady. George W. 31 7.9% and number keeps dropping and dropping and dropping. I mean, how many people miss audience who got past that bad? They'd rather listen to Christine Agalera. I could be for they want to hear about George Bush. Now Gibson 19. Mohar David. David. David. David. The Pope 13. Spencer Tracy 11. Phil Henry. Eight. Are you sure? We need to put him on her. Eight. He's great. Phil Orale. Eight. Did he come politics? David and pouring five. Brandy rose. The goddess for. Where's the ball for? What for gold, bro? Two misdragents got a pair. Two fairies. And rich wealth has got the filament they own all. What if he comes this poor? He knew that. So. That's when you buy six. Some real. You know, Roger itself. This is a win. And a question. You can take a guess. Go. Go. Ribbon from the wall. Rhythmic from the wall. Drullin and shrihet. So you can walk no more in your crawl. Russell can. Russell can. All in Russell can. Russell can. Russell can. All in Russell can. Scream like a scycho. I've been home to all this. Claire, the crazy key we've learned here. And we're going to call him. And call him. So he went. So he went. So he went. And he's just a first time. Why don't he have a cell? Russell Crow. Russell Crow. And. Crow. And. And. So. After he went. For certain. The cowboy film is a little smart, the crazy key we've learned here. Well he's been at before. What's going on for us? Well have the red music. Make sure. Certainly know our generation. Maybe he's a vacation. Oh. Some money. They come from money. They come from money. It's a lot of 2 to 5 60 WC9 never did give our award winning lineup today because we might have a good 4. Curtis 7, 7, 3, and in a Marlon pre-game shows it's 7, 3, and Marlon's adds a cup. You'll really feel like it'll have 80 K-Follows, Marlon's and Vaziball. 145 on Wednesday. I'm thinking that we have to let go on the same time as them. Oh, fairly. I'll be out of the other way around. I'm thinking 12.45 sounds better. Now, this fact that you sent me, I don't get it. Roger Waters. Wine, you'll. Why? From one of our very, very chronic practices. Listen to what's so low stuff in our think-al-change. You might put out as Roger Waters. Who's the lead cigarette primary writer of Pink Floyd? Oh, and when I ever knocked Pink Floyd, you don't think Floyd all the time. Yeah, they suck. Okay. Yeah. I don't like Pink Floyd. I'm sorry because that makes you deserve a re-squared, but I am all about the accomplishments. Yeah. I'm able to hear music, but other than that, okay. Ninety Pink Floyd. Why, Neil? Because I don't like it. Okay. So I said, how come you don't like fish? I don't like fish. Go into the market. You can't even stand a smell of fish. Oh, man. Oh, geez. Another memo of surfaces. British government was told of me for a raccoer excuse. Did you see this story? Nope. Well, here it is. Ministers were warned in July, too. This is from the Times of London, by the way. Ministers were warned in July, 2002 that Britain was committed to taking part in an American led in beige to Iraq, and they had no choice, but to find a way of making it legal. The warning in a leaf cabinet officer briefing paper said Tony Blair had already agreed to back military action to give it a sudden was same, and a summit at the Texas Ranch or President George W. Bush three months earlier. Well, let's see, July 2002, subtracted three months as a June, May, April 2002. The briefing paper for participants had a meeting of British Intercirclaw and July 23, 2002 said that since Ray Jean-Change was illegal, it was necessary to create the conditions which would make it legal. This was required because even if ministers decided Britain should not take part in an invasion, the American military would be using British bases. This would automatically make Britain complicit any illegal U.S. action. U.S. plans assume as a minimum, the use of British bases in Cyprus and the Ego Garcia of the briefing paper warned, this meant that issues of legality would arise virtually wherever option ministers choose the regard U.P. participation. The paper was circulated those President-the-Meding among whom were Blair Jeff Hoolman, the indefense secretary, Jack Stra, the Foreign Secretary, that's Jack Stra, the Sir Richard Geerlaw, then Chief M.I.S. six. The full meetings of the meeting were published last month in the Sunday Times. The document said the only way the Allies could justify military action was to place Saddam Hussein and the position where he ignored a rejected U.S. and ultimately him to cooperate with the weapons inspectors, but awarded this would be difficult. It is just possible that an ultimatum could be cast in terms of which Saddam would reject the document says, but if he accepted it and did not attack the Allies, they'd be most likely to obtain the illegal justification they needed. The suggestions that the Allies use the U.N. to justify work contradicts claims by both Blair and Bush, repeated during the Washington Semit last week that they turned the U.N. to do a avoid having to go to war, the attack on Iraq finally began in March of 2003. The briefing paper was certain the way the press was especially on a American prison because of a damaging revelation that Bush and Blair agreed on regime change in April of 2002 and that looked for a way to justify it. In other words, it was all that the fact of lie is that we didn't know that. There has been a growing storm of protests in America created by last month's publication of the Ministers in the Sunday Times. A host of citizens including many internet bloggers have demanded no why the Downey Street memo has been largely ignored by the U.S. mainstream media. Let me say this to the U.S. mainstream media before going to respond to this reading and that is though 171 American dead soldiers over there and the thousands of injured media, thousands and thousands of dead and injured Iraqis, it's all that blows on your hands. You powers, you quizzlings, you do fare right. All these Tim Russert there and what's his name? That'll curl on CBS Bob whatever his name is that's doing the news now. That's why the members are in the toilet. He's an old toilet. And he's openly so. The White House is declined to respond to a letter from 89 Democratic Congressman asking if it was true as the U.S. to the July meeting that the intelligence and facts were being fixed around a policy in Washington. The Downey Street memo burst into mainstream American media only last week after was raised at a joint nuclear press conference, forcing the Prime Minister to lie to insist that the facts were not fixed in any shape or form at all right. Exactly. Down Coniors, the Democratic Congressman who directed loaded a bush is now written to dear love asking him to say whether or not it was accurate. And let he believe the intelligence of being fixed around the policy. He also lies to former MR60 for precisely when Bush and Blair were to read to and beta-wet. And whether it's true they agreed to manufacture the U.S. and manufactured U.S. ultimatum in order to justify the war, the illegally-wacket tax. He and other Democratic Congress and other Democratic Congress will send hold of all inquiry this Thursday with witnesses including Joe Wilson. The American former Ambassador went to Nigeria to investigate claims that Iraq was seeking to buy a ring in all-forced nuclear weapons program which turned out of course to be nothing but a pack of lives. First we had that to be fused by the White House to respond to the letter. The Congressman has set up a website, Downey Street memo.com. To collect signatures on a petition demanding the same answers. Coniors promised to deliver a sub-bush once it reached a quarter of a million signatures by Friday morning you'd already had more than a half a million, with as many expected it would have been obtained. The leaders of the White House this Thursday. They need a quarter of a million and they've already got over a half a million. After Downey Street.org, another website set up as a result of the memo as conferring congressional committee to consider whether Bush's actions is depicted in the memo custody grounds for impeachment. Yeah, it's about time, Dad. It has been flooded with visits they've website after Downey Street.org. Flooded with visits from angry people pissed off at what they see as media self-censorship and ignoring the memo. It tends to attract it more than a million hits a day, even more than we get. Democrats dot com and other website are even offered a thousand dollars to any journalist who quizzed Bush about the memo's contents. Although the writers reported a last question last Tuesday was not aware of the reward had no intention of claiming it. The complaints of media self-censorship have been backed up by the embassment of the Washington Post, New York Times, and National Public Radio NPR, who have questioned the lack of attention to minutes of received from their organization's. The big cover up again, and their busy countless about Watergate and Mark Felton, his daughter, and his grandson of the Gonson, his wife, anybody give a crap about Watergate anymore. The big, Gordon-Living, and all of these people chucked Colson and his word again to make a little motorcycle may wind up in the same slimer with the Charles Manson. Well, wouldn't that be so. When that piece we, huh? And what do you mean? I'd sure like to see Charlie apply the body watch to that show. When you like to see that, I think it's a little bit of that. I kind of, my father is today's a lot of story. If the child model is taking case against Michael Jackson and the person since the years like the new one would be almost as exclusive as his never land range. It's far from glamorous, but they protect it housing unit with in court Wednesday prison is considered a highly desirable refuge for inmates who need their extraordinary protection by the prisoners. It's also a hand home to a handful of California's most notorious criminals. Oh, right. Occupon civics sells include mass murderers Charles Manson and Juan Corona, who killed 25 migrant front workers in the 70s. The unit housed Sir Hans Sir Hand was assassinated Robert Kennedy in 1968, and alleged until he was moved to a harsher lockdown in 2003. But about all his other bullets that allegedly came from his gun that they found it, you know, we don't want to talk about that. Start up again. Yeah. Because the unit is so secure it's considered a virtual oasis, a virtual rust oasis, and the 160-3,000 inmates state prison system, some people have been there described it as strikingly calm. It's been real nice for me, one I identified and made a statement at the correction department video released last year. It's a peaceful environment. It's almost like being free on the street. Only one violent incident has been reported in the hospitals, along more freedom than at most prisons. They know they're in a safe place. They don't want to rule them. That's a correction department's post-mintory threatened. It's an exceptional placement. That lovely? Yeah. Well, there, let's see. It's 11 after 11 and 19 minutes are going to be starting to live, bringing profitative again. And speaking of dumb. Yeah. Oh, my. Oh, man. That was the best. Yeah. I swear to our deputy, probably that. Yeah. Why do I have the touch of water? That's a sensational. He looks touched to me. Anyway. In peace of his coming, W. Now, do you remember we had a story that I read, uh, oh, a long time ago? That's said that the powers that be, the people who control all the behind this season as nations, they already had it set up for him to, like, get him peace through your second term. Remember that? No, I don't. I think so. I'm not far out of spite away. Oh, oh. That's again, they very, very crack, staff, we got it. Oh, I think I got the big old crack, pipe right now. They're passing around the, you know, the back. Oh, the engineering department for getting that all fixed stuff for us, right, Josh? That's right. And the full question today, who best fits this description? Somebody kneeled trashes, but I like a lot. And a quarter, COVID-96, Bill Mar95. Same person, different legs. Steady Dan 59. Yolty 37. They love jelly. They like it. Okay, he's all excited because he's going to be a hockey season? Maybe. George W. 34. This track. Mel Gibson, 23. More Howard David. Hey, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. The 18. Randy Rhodes 14. And I'm still not going to sure why. But that's OK. Still Henry 13. He's ran on Randy. But the Pope 13. He's also pilot on Spencer Tracy a dozen. Bill O'Reilly eight, Dave and boring six. Will be Goldbird Four. of law for Pink Floyd Tree, Miss Madd Ruggs 3, Hayman, you fairer and one for which well, you know who I gave a lot of respect for our son biography channel was I never knew this about him before? To Z. Ah, Humphrey Bogart, really? Because when they started the army with Carthy, not the army with Carthy, but the Red Bating McCurthy, which hunts in the early 50s? I'll have Red Bating and I'll let the blacklisting of Pete Red, Holly would know the anti-Semitic in crap. Well, Humphrey Bogart went on with the Ed Murrow that he played the audio video. He was a, he had some balls man, he really spoke out. He was great. Nice going Humphrey there, okay? He came a lot of respect, but I didn't just add roll them to steal balls in his hand, he had other balls. I would say he was very cheap. Yeah, no worries. I'd like to have to watch what got a cast of blank in our base though, maybe. Or the must remember this, a chicken cannot kiss. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. Tom, oh look at that 11, 14 already. How can it be 11, 14? I haven't been carried away. That's what I'd buy. Time is flying right by before we know it'll be Friday and then the ball will be in your court for a long, long time. I'm also tired. You know, Comcast is acting different in senior TVs going to be doing the same. Comcast now offers more choice and control than ever before with Comcast digital cable and DVR. Plus in rewind live TV would just a touch of a button, just touch it. Never mess in moment in the big game again with the instant replayed but you can easily record your favorite shows for an entire season and make television-friture schedule. This is the phone ringing, cause live TV talk I do want and restart your show right where you left off. No problem. You almost have seen. Plus there's no expensive equipment to buy a long-term contract to sign. Call 1-800-COMCAST 2-DAY and get Comcast digital cable and HBO for just 29, 90, that a month or three months. At a DVR for just 9, 95 more a month. Call 1-800-COMCAST 2-DAY and change the way you watch TV forever. 1-800-COMCAST. Call 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMCAST 4-DAY and change the way you watch TV. 1-800-COMC 2-800-COMC HAHAHAaHAHAaHAHHAHHAAHAHAAAAHAHAAHAHAAAAAAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAAAAAAAHAA. You finish theivos for Annel is not in a way. to have a table with getting on some of these new sites that want to register and everything. Right. There's a bypass for it. Good. But me not. I have somebody mentioned it. What is it called bug me not? Right. Just do a Google on bug me not and it will come up with the installation procedure for. Sir, what is on? What is it called? What is it called? I register as you can craft. Right. It puts in a, you can see some names. It uses whoever registered the name with there. Whatever their registered with it. And some of the names are just fun here now. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, Tommy. Should I? See. bug me not. Got it. Got it. The Harold is crazy. They got some. They were putting the registration sign on for that crappy website that they've got. You ought to be paying us to take a look at that. You idiots at the Harold. It's a worst piece of swirl. I'm going to say for the 85th time. If you want to know what's going on in South Florida is for his internet. Some sentinel changes the website. If there's any kind of breaking story they put on they immediately. If not much sooner. The Harold may well. Maybe they'll get around or once they're finished feeding burry. You know. Spoon feeding him is a weatina. God, are they prosthetic? Think the paper sucks. Just look at their website. And just take a look at him to feed you next time you see his S on TV. What was that? I asked me to do a week before I mentioned that. Let's do it in last week. That was all right. I'm on vacation in Europe. And there was some soft Florida story. I figured which one of those grow test stories was going on. But he was always a Florida thing. And they handed him on CNN international. And he. I mean his face was about 600 pounds. And it was like, unshaved and looked like he just dragged him with a crane out of a human as dumpster. You have never seen anything like Jim DeFeedy. So no wonder he keeps you right now. Well, the Harold used to be a good paper and now I work here. You know like that. 32 a.m. Hello. Good show. He always doing. Okay. 32 a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This and I want to see that. And we can admit their myth. You think I am? No. Yeah. I really want expectation. Would that as late as you'll be in that one in the basement? Yes. You're going. I went in with real expectations. I actually turned out to be not so bad. But I got to tell you the answer. Then it go late. Moken. Moken, my friend. He was saying, just one day, sir. That would be you. I think you should see it. Okay. Thanks a lot. For me, if Angelina's really is smoking and now I'm going to go see your smoking. Slow it a little. Whatever. I've ever seen your hands on. So she gets out of that thing down there with the dog in the basement. 5.67056. 5.660. 5.660. 5.660. Verizon and singer wireless lines. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. One for the bowl. Yes, sir. A poll casher and a little bit of a rumor. Pawn. All run. Yeah, I love them. And you trash them all at the end. And is there really so? Okay. Thank you so much. Old Pauling Young Ron. What do you say? Get him on and now. They had a big book and a big trend, which goes to show you when they have no competition in the non-sports entertainment category there in the morning. They were out there doing it. So Zeta went Spanish. So Opie and the dopy disappeared. Lexington, the Drex, whatever they were. And Sturn of course managed for obvious reasons. And that's it. So they got that whole time field of themselves. There will fill lots of them. Thanks for an answer. As a matter of fact, an honor that because I never played. This is kind of cute. Who is it? Very lucky. Always thinking. Who is thinking? Binky is with someone's kid. I forget. Oh, that's cute. Nothing worse than using people's kids like that like a prop. Like PD Lenny. By the way, you want to apologize to PD Lenny with spacts like I'm along. Okay. Not serious. I was so embarrassing. Well, not really because PD Lenny here is annoying moments too. Oh, I got something great. Do you? Oh, man. What was I talking about the other week about the great product? Oh, no, it's the flavor. Wait, but we'll be showing up pretty soon. I've done it. Make sure that Josh doesn't see yours and give it to Danny for a father's day. Why don't you tell him? Why don't you tell him? I didn't. Before you came in, he already told me. Make sure you get your hair. Anyway, I got it on my great new product. Okay. Not good. Great. And it's probably that not that. No, maybe Delight's carries. You know, our friend, Alan, over Delight's. Carb Solutions. Carb Solutions. What they have. I'm going to get a mother refrigerator. So I can talk about it rather intelligently after the break. They have heard. And I don't know what anybody says. Believe you. In fact, I got a strand of diabetes later, which I know is very boring, but boys important. And keep in those blood sugar levels nice and low is even more important than your blood pressure and a lot of other things. And that's the problem when you die, but it keeps an active blood sugar down. Getting anything that's got some taste. They've got salads, resting, is um, I'll get them out. Okay. With almost no carbs. And they've also got like a steak sauce. And now that I got that flavor wave and I'm making that burgers and steaks all the time. You know, those carbs add up when you're using like a one or regular steak sauce. Some of those are loaded with sugar like Peter Lugers, for example. Yeah, great tasting, but loaded with sugar. Very sweet. Carb Solutions. Good stuff. 27 after 11 a few way. I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Kelly and though the main man at acceptance capital mortgage before you call any other mortgage company. Berkeley, let the main man tell you what you didn't know. Most banks only work with she is such a stiff. It's just unbelievable. Most banks only work with three different mortgage products. And if you're credit is less than absolutely perfect. You're going to get turned down. You're going to hear that up. Not just two letter word. No. If you're not working with the right lender, the chances of getting improved are maybe 50, 50. So do yourself a big favor called right now and you do the deal that you want that you're looking for. Call one triple A's for rate three loan. That's one eight eight eight eight four A's for loan. And look the main man and his team puts you in a mortgage of me two needs of what go to the wrong lender. Maybe being turned on because you call the wrong member called the main man. Anthony Kelly and though at acceptance capital mortgage toll free. One triple A's for rate three loan. And every time they close alone, a person's donated to kids and distress. So if you want to write deal, why would you want to call anybody else? Avoid the old bait and switch. Get precisely the mortgage deal. You're a shop at a loan for a call Anthony Kelly and though everybody's main man today. At one eight eight eight four eight three loan. My house. My house. My house. My house. My house. My house. My house. My house. My house. What's with your license? Two A. Two A. Books on tape presents Madonna's first children's book. I do not like green eggs in hand. I do not like to make lots of modern six dogs or dogs. I wear that eaperemetrain. I will let eaperemetrest off of two cars as per. I will let eaperemetra more years. But I would eat for years. Madonna. You're going to eat. Eat no meat there. And monkeys might cry out on my butt. It's one of the 32 28's alone a QA and I gave you the wrong name. This is I said carc carv solutions. Yeah. There is something called carv solutions. I think we used to have it on the air. Didn't we? Or maybe something that Alan was a peddling self-taught. That's not the right name. Carv options. Okay. And something I just discovered. In fact, these are the little bit of sweetness or whatever amount of sweetness they got. With Sponda. No sugar. Got it. Although I see sugar was less than an ingredient but must be a little teeny tiny amount. For example, the steak sauce carv options, steak sauce. Fat free and 1.1 grams of carbs per tablespoon. Which is very, very minimal. Most of we got like you four six seven. Good stuff to have. I'm going to start drinking some of this right out of the bottle during the show. All right. Greg. And you also have a spaghetti sauce which I haven't bought yet. It's a tomato sauce which is a low carb. And now the thing that I found pretty interesting I just discovered are looking these bottles. The steak sauce is made by a noor. You know, can or are the right with the dots on it or something. They make like the soups, you know, pack and soups that I have noor. Right? That's by you, leave or Dutch. But the salad recipes are made by Helmins. You know, like Helmins mayonnaise? I like Helmins. Yeah, but they're still carb options. So I don't know how to actually interact out. Whatever. Less than one gram of carbs per portion of the salad recipes. There's a sweet tomato, a vinegarette that is absolutely out of this world. Per serving 0.5 grams of carbs. Half a gram. They got some fat, but nobody cares about fat if we were to about their blood sugar. And the ranch, which are nearly out of like ranch dressing all I watch. But this is outstanding. I could just chuck it out of the bottle here. I might. 0.2 grams 0.2, which is almost none. I'll take it out with the carbs. Carb options. Good stuff. 560, 560, 560, 560, and the Verizon singular wireless lines. Come on, you two, I am, hello. Yeah, I want something new. Yes, sir, speaking. Oh, yeah, let me ask you something. You're poor. Are you talking about people on the radio, who you don't like? Somebody in your frances, it could be somebody on the radio, could be an actor of singer on actress. Okay, well, about 50, something years ago, I've been listening to you. Yeah. And you stopped someone by the way, over the third? Yeah. I want to add into the bowl. One delivered trash to bird. Oh, I get it. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Let me be again. Who best fits this description? In fact, here's the pull of question. Name some people. Okay, you're right. Yeah, just give us a bunch of names. It's really nice. Please, I could have taken you. Somebody nailed trashes who I like a lot. Now, if it was George Trash's, then the bird might want to be on there. I totally agree. I've actually liked to be quite a run by Katie. You really do hate him like poisonous, but don't let him anything you say. Whatever. 5607056 and not that there's anything wrong with that. I'm not going to be for this. I know. It's about how it's going to be. Not true, but how in 560 and even ride, but it's more exciting if we say, how in 560 and Verizon, singular, wild side spices up a little bit. And this part of that there go, who would you have lived a little bit like that? Boobboobboobboobboob, it's like up some more stuff too. They like crap, you know. I know. Hey, you got a few A.M. Hello. Anya, how you doing? Like I'm off that game with the one on the scissors. Yes, sir. I hate for you. I see fire and I see rain. Oh, James Taylor. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's so close. Last time. James Taylor, put her money. We will. Look at that. We got almost a flat foot of tie. Why did they call it that a flat foot of tie? Give her that expression. Yeah, a flat foot of tie. I guess, I got a flat feet or like, even though even I bought a dictionary of cliches. And it's just in the book case, I should bring it into here. Flat foot of tie that has all the origins of all that crap. Oh, and yesterday, or at least sometime over the weekend, I guess it was maybe Saturday in the college world series. They had a walk off block. A bigger part of it. Did you see that? I did not. There was on a state there where I tried to, there was a ronzer based there where trying to walk the batter intentionally to get from the next hitter for the third out. What does the matter? They won. They beat Calstay for looking. From the series. Were you listening? Okay, good. And the empire called a block. And it was a huge argument about it because they didn't see no block. But we just tried to throw ball for intentionally. And the empire said it was a block and what he won scored. Sorry, I liked that. A walk off block. I was joking about that. They dropped the walk off block. Did they say that? If you're letting me come for you, or just out of control man, I'm asked, let's be that slave away of oven. You're what? The BLT. Namaste. I just made a chuan. I said that to somebody after I heard that. I said, well, maybe the big con that a walk off block. And sure enough yesterday when he would do it like the results. They said, oh, yeah, the comms were a series. It was a walk off block. And I went. Okay. Do a lot of 104 anocorn a coval 101. They are like almost dead even side by each nose to nose. And then it's way down to steely day in with 67. See that? I do it to the gruffles. Come here QA and hello. I thought that crazy river. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Why don't you try to go a day without having some stupid pole? No, no chance. Please. No way. Can I watch that and go a day with a ride? You should be. It would be better for your life because you obviously don't want to show us or want to find out. No, no, just to find out. Find a ride. I'll find a boyfriend. Find a boyfriend. Find a blow up, though. Oh, come on. Find a dead reindeer. Yeah, out of our lives. This is what I wanted. I've heard that we seem to be doing just fine. Okay. We're kicking big smelly fat ass. But you're just another one of these misfits out. They're watching Tell us how to do this. We're doing okay. Did the show for years? I thought it pulled a few more. Yeah. We did the show for 80 years without one and now we're making it for last time. Okay. And additionally, if we didn't have poles to build on here, we'd have a lot more calls like you. We'll check it live without it. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the South Florida. Yeah. Missing. As usual, they know what they don't like, but he's right. He goes to just kids. Nothing. He listens every day and we wind him up a whole how many years now. About 30 minutes. And in years we've been doing a way. This one time. I'll do whatever I want. Okay. How about the set month? I didn't do show with that. I don't even know if we did a pullback. No, he didn't. No poles. No poles. No poles. Just did the show all by myself for hours and a read and stuff. Ramblon, Read and R. And R. And so now I do read our reading and calling. So when you create intellectual powers like yours on your own. But thank you for your call. W2AM. Hello. Are you doing Neil? Pretty good, pal. Listen. For years and years, I thought that suit company was called your. Also, but on a stick. It's called. Cnor. No. Not making it up. I'm not a good one. One more thing. No. You're not obsessed enough with low hours. Yeah. Okay. W2AM. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I want to comment. And add one to the portal. Go right. My comment on. You're not just. Did you watch the show during the show? I'll ask you a show. If you pay me by this. Not a millisecond. You're just funny because I could say I can't stay in the guy. Yeah. But you got such good guess on it. I like to watch the show. No, I don't. I don't watch it. Bill Mar. Tom Hanks. Okay. There's a good one. But you. Tom Hanks says a few people like him. I do like Tom Hanks as an actor in you. Josh and Regulish. I hate him like boys. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Can't stand Tom Hanks. Man, you talk about being like a little overdone. Wow. Tom. Yeah. Somebody who makes more movies every month than he goes. Was he made how many movies a month? But third man. He was also a star. He was okay when he was a silly person. He was a goofball. Don't tell me. You know what? It would be like if Jim Kiri started trying to like serious drama. He did. Is that a fact that we're the show? The, I guess it was on VH1 where they were showing all these comedians who tried to do drama. And then right. He did the majestic. I guess this is drama movie. Yeah. Just horrible. Just horrendous. It went over like halabai in Ethiopia. Like that low Howard announcement. Oh, like the announcement about the, the Nolan answer on the film. James, in mixed David's going to be doing the, Wow. I mean, if you could have an adjustment verify this. I mean, I really thought that. Very enthusiastic because we thought we had like a little bit of scoop. Yeah. Right. Like what Hanks comes up with something that nobody knows. And he gets the scoop on something. Well, thought we had different future. And then he gets suspended. But we thought we had a scuse of it. And then we come out to find out. I mean, just. And if I was to say, I mean, if I were to say, a lame attempt to assume where that will be the Understatement of the of all time of the millennium. I just, it just, so gross, so pathetic, so tragic. So bush rig, so juvenile, juvenile. You're, I mean, I mean, more the, the, the, the little while like you to be after that juvenile. The, the, the little like a second child. What comes to it? What is the deal of my usual life? What is your final deal? What is your final deal? With the sewer of this place. With Paul's and good thanks, and praise to God, and say a prayer that Michael Jackson will have the ability and strength to move walk his way to justice. It is my hope that Michael Matsufu, the computational combination, the either baseman accusation, the inspiration, and exploration without intimidation, let us instead implement rationalization, not segregation, for reconciliation and re-examination and re-aboundance. A reconciliation for the foundation, a classification of presentation that called Nathan, and the appropriation of all of the nation for Michael. I will answer your questions now. Yes. I'm sorry. What did you say? I love it. That's your voice, Jesse. The great opportunist. I mean, what does he got to do with that whole thing? What is he doing there? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? He does. He does. What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? What does he do with that thing? proton mammals. OxRyan equals 60- nine. answered the question. What is it for? Water? Op metals.games pent up. What does he have to do with that thing? It's." Child . Be cheerful. What does that thing do with that thing? A Jewish cancer provider, a Jewish AstraZeneca, who is coming here. What else does he do with that thing? What's he doing to cancel this test? That's really hard. Why prepare anyuster when I assist him? We are still 27. with Phil 24. Both the any similarities they are made of same haircut. Pink Floyd 15, the Pope 15, Spencer Tracy 13, Bill Rally 8, will be Goldberg's 7, Dave Ann Boring 6, Paul and Old Ron 5. Joseph Gackies got four, Ressland Ball 4, Miss Maddrow, she's got three now, you're fairie. Tom Hanks, two rituals, two James Taylor, Solomon Thielano, 561. If we could get to 600 and some votes by the top of the hour, we could make our 1000-day judge. We'd have to be great in the middle of the summertime during the dog days when we know everybody's out of town. They'll be quite an accomplishment, quite a feather in our cap, we're in our rectum somewhere. Yeah, we'll put it back in our oven. You are so negative. We didn't get a thousand most ones last week, did we? We never tried. We never had a chance. Well, first of all, because I see the reason that happens, see you don't understand something when you sneak in that extra pool and there between like eight and whatever. Yeah, but we, you know, listen to me and then you start over again, you start with a fresh number. Now this one started the eight o'clock. I mean, if we just started this whole, we'll show start with the work we used to, they know chance, because they're just, they're just not that many people to choose from right now. It's dog days, man, let's you know that. If I George was telling me this morning about the great driving over the weekend, I don't know how to be on the road, not at least at all, it's all right. Yeah. Well, this problem is in Hollywood. They got real service over there. That's what Ma would say if you were here today. Bush eat, have our own public director across the street, what a shame, you know? I told her, quit the graphic and envision so much, quit being such a correct you wouldn't listen to me. A staff paper prepared for British Prime Minister Tony Blair, eight months before the invasion of Iraq included, that U.S. military officials were not planning adequately for a post-war occupation, so as a Washington Post. A post-war occupation of Iraq could lead away protracted and costly nation building exercise, authorities of the briefing memo wrote according to the post-and it isn't it the president said we're not in the nation building? That's what he said. You know what that was? A lie? Oh, the pack of lies. As already made clear, the US military plans are virtually silent on this point. Washington could look out to us to share a dis-procanture of the verdicts in. The eight-page memo was written in advance of the July 23, 2000s, meaning it blurred his down-to-state offices. It said the memo on other internal British government documents were originally obtained by Michael Smith or the London Sunday Times. The post said the introduction of the memo, a Iraq conditions for military action said, US military planning for action against the Iraqis proceeding a piece of that little thought has been given to among other things the aftermath and how to share it. And boy, are we seeing that right now? Hence all of these innocent dead people on both sides, on all sides. I mean, how in a world can it? What have we got on there so far? 8%? 8% of the Saudi is still a love George Bush. Based on what? Based on what he's trying to sap in your social security money and give it to all his corporate friends on the stock market is that what it is, it must be. Based on his tremendous success, we're having an Iraq. Right. Perfect. 17-haired in one dead people based on the pack of lies. But of course, it had nothing to do with the central hanky tanky. So therefore, no impeachment yet. Right. But we're starting to get their rumbling so we don't mean like if they have like a big heavy meal or eat certain foods in a hurricane and rumbling that could work down under. You know what I'm saying? The curve. That's what we're starting to hear now. Read about it here about it. Start and make a little bit. And then of course, thank goodness for Howard Dean. Maybe he's the one that's going to whip up an off-crap now to like get some stuff flying. And so this is kind of sitting back. I have another sea stuff flying and here all this lion is the way I look at it. So we hear enough lion working a QA where we always get a pack of lies which is our speciality. Just ask Greg. He'll tell you. Don't believe him. 560, 560, 560, the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Getting some sensational calls today. These are my favorites. These are my favorite moments. Us and the callers. Come to the QA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today, my friend? Pretty name good so far. Listen, Neil. I think it's just, you know, we have a pack of all. What are you going to get this for? James Taylor. Mr. Malo. That's it. I can't stand him. I mean, like, syrup. Yeah, everything likes a little bit of syrup. When you put too much of it like I'm your banana split, it just makes you want to pass out and makes you soon. Not, Mel is your right out of the universe. I just can't stand him. Makes me nauseous. Neil, I've only probably Simon said he agrees by the way. Yeah, big with from a foot of the funny form of her. Neil, have you heard the latest on the government having trouble getting guys to go over to your so I rock now? Yes. Do you think the big D is next to the D or AFD? No, I think they're going to have to be a lot of people who are getting to that. And that would, the public would, he definitely would be in peace at that point. You know, I'm shocked. We're not going to start drafting kids to go over there. I mean, they're letting people sign up as old as 42 now for quite a lot. If they start sending kids over there in the draft, based on a war on lies, as you know, damn well, he's out. He's done. 42, I just turned 43. Woo! No, were you just thank goodness for you, man? No, I ain't fighting for that bush. Listen, Neil, one more thing, John. Yeah. Love your show, keep telling the truth. Somebody got a teller. OK, pal, I see. 560, 560, all the way, man. We have to do that stupid pore, you know? Yeah. That's a common thing. No. Always have something to bet your body complained about. Then it may seem like Mr. Pleasant, by comparison. This is only a radio show. Right. Off the air, I have it to be a pretty easy, good along with Pleasant guy, a pussycat. Right. 560, I don't find what I keep giving the number for. Because it kills me a good time, good. I realize that after dates only four more of these, and then it's at long, for attracted three months of pleasure. Even if I lost my ass every day that I went up to wood by and also my log was still be just a sensational. And I don't think that's going to happen because Saturday, man, it was a noticeable loosening over there. They didn't understand what was going to happen. I'm going to get those government people in there again. Maybe that RCMP, the real Canadian Maldives, will be an their mountainous. You think? So, I'll tell you, QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. You're coming with a impeaching push, is that the candy weed president, right? Yeah, well, that is a point. And that's worse. Although you're really a president now anyway. And did you have more way to out of your own year pole? No, I do not. Okay, he's locked solid. I like Orlando. Okay, well, somebody's got two. And I think he's great. All right. Thanks. Bye. She thinks he's great. You know what she's talking about? Lock solid. Oh, let's get to Big O'Learn there. You can put it on the, however you want. I mean, probably the bigger would be easier unless you think you can spell his eyes name. 5, 6, 7, George can probably spell it for you? Yeah, I don't know. Now, here's that story. So why does this schedule? I bring you for him. It's on the schedule. Oh, that's right. Very easy. It is right there. And look at the way he spells that would like 17 use. Unless I curived way. Doesn't it? And you're going to curived way. And my way. Lock solid. You are getting. Oh, God, that's what it says on there. You are, uh, you're fair. Oh, okay. Were you listening this? I know you're not that bad. It yet. Now you won't need to wonder you. Well, maybe I think Joshua will be. You might know this food. Oh, you keep feeding him. Yeah. Bye, better. Now, the bad news is before I get to this story, you know, uh, Tropical storm, our language, I'm sure, you know, uh, they were predicting that that was going to come right up to where I'm sitting now. We're going to get like, uh, whole bunch of rain, which we needed badly to clean out this smog. It's been like an 80s in the human. And that doesn't bother me. You don't take me wrong. But it's been, uh, for like 10 days in a row now. Many, many days. And so the one thing you need when you get that, you don't want to dense, uh, gets all smog. It is like a real good rain to like clean out the air and like, uh, low water humidity. You know what I'm talking about? Mm-hmm. And there's show when they're right now, as a matter of fact. Make the scene how it all develops. It's going up. It's not going east as quite as far east as they were predicting. And so it's going up like Kansas City and Chicago and manyapolis and up to there. And, uh, I don't think we're going to get any of it. But you wanted to rain and won't rain. Jesus Christ Almighty. We need a really good luck at down for like wild thunderstorms. They were like, not my stuff off here for the rest of the week. They'll do way, uh, rain and. No, seriously, it's not going to happen, which pisses me off. Because that was expecting, don't you, every once in a while, of course, actually, this for you people. They're because they're being now, it's been raining like crazy. Where are that Phoenix? It's only going to be 104 today. Well, that's an amazing idea. Like a really great down for just kind of like clear everything out of the air. Get the dust in after it finishes you walk outside. And like it's a real mahaya. Can I get to this diabetic story? All right, if you lost. I'm telling you, okay, you don't want to, I won't do it. It's important to stop if you're died that. It's moving in for a time. Listen, knowing the fat slabs that we got listening to this show, but either now or very soon, they're going to need this information. I just tell you, it could be a lifesaver. I realize it's not important. Now think about it through in a break. It's not something I'm doing. Because you're my personal life. I'm trying to understand what you're about. It's just like, yes. This Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QATL. For well time, so tell on your code. I can see my baby code. But now my feet are not in the world. I have got a chance. And imagine, for more months. Let them come. I guess I'm being the fear. Maybe it's all the manate. Eating pizza, pie by the train. I'll be leaving the data chips. So a cream and onion dish. Say I'm not so controlled. Got a massive jelly roll. I have become a big animal. Because you're a big baby. You're fair, you're... Time to find me in search of a double exit from eating ice cream. Why the cold? I pray to the morning and button the more. It's a dress that's faded in a 44. All right, let me give you a little interrupt. There's a little heads up on us. Listen very carefully to the ending on the spirit. Okay. Okay. I look like a piece where you'll watch stuff on show. All right. I don't know if you've ever been to the ring. I don't want to go on the fourth and sixth day. I've been to the world. I'm going to be a big baby. So now I say I've got big bones. And because I look like stars go. I can't even think of my head's cold. This river will keep so your health. I can't find my dog living in hell. I'm not feeling all that well because I can't find my own way. I'm going to die. Okay. Oh, how do you like that? I already pulled the plug there. Yeah. Is that incredible? Well, we just ate so much. I'm dying of the air. You know, just like in France. Have you seen my sweet while your medication for an bankrupt. That was bad. Yeah, I saw that. We love an bankrupt. It's kind of happened to everybody. And sooner or later, it kicks us all by. And I was really surprised that they said, almost nothing about Mel Brooks. I don't know why. You ain't be young. I mean, it's just a little great. Huh? When you think that they would like one silver rider, we're kept here in the bar of Jean, what's his name? Oliver Wildman. Wildman. Wilder. Somebody says, Jerry Seinfeld on the pool, which is a very good choice because they're actually amazing. I'm shocked by this. They're actually our people after who liked Jerry Seinfeld and things that he's funny. Mm-hmm. Which to me is just why you liked Jerry Seinfeld? I like the show in the day, but. I don't want to know. I don't want to know. The repeat. That is your shocking dimension. He wasn't the one that was funny on the show. Was everybody else? Man, he just gives me skilfies. Anyway, get him on your right away. He'll get a lot of votes. Jerry Seinfeld. I'll let you know. I'll let you know. Okay, whatever you see. Dietetics Control Glucose Lower Cardiac Risk. This is in USA today today. Today. Early intensive treatment to keep blood sugar levels close to normal and people would buy babies can cut their wrists of cardiovascular disease by about 50 percent and the risk of heart attack and stroke by 57 percent, much better results than those achieved by any cholesterol or blood pressure drug researchers reported yesterday. The finding, which was presented at a meeting of the Merkin Diabetes Association Edste Mami, evidence that the sooner and more aggressively diabetes is treated, the lower the risk of serious long-term complications. It's pretty astounding, ADA scientific director Richard Consas of the study results. This is just major. No other study has shown an effect of glucose control on cardiovascular disease. The clinical trial involved people with type 1 diabetes, but there's no reason to, I think, that type glucose control might not be a benefit of the type 2 population so study co-chair David Nathan director from the research and Massachusetts general, but that hasn't been shown in this study yet. Type 2's average 30 years older. Not 30 men. Then type 1's diagnosis. Often, have other heart risk factors such as high blood pressure and obesity. All says. The study, in probably 13, every 75 patients has a follow up to diabetes control and complications trial, which began in 1883. Participants were given standard care or more intensive treatment, which meant more frequent daily blood testing in insulin injections. Results of that study reported 93 showed that patients who kept type controls of blood sugar or glucose for about six and a half years had much lower risk for eye, kidney or nerve damage years later, even if they're blood sugar levels rose. The new data showed that even more than 10 years after the initial study period does the new group that kept close control of blood sugar levels early on are less likely to have suffer heart disease. I do like that. Okay. Sean, otherwise go and end up getting treatment out. Get that thing out. Your acute check. Check that is. I got these other different models, 80 million different brands. Oh, it's you, but then you gotta keep sticking your finger over the people who say that. You're like the time-dress school of whistling. Oh, I want to find out about my cholesterol, but I'm so afraid to get my blood drawn. I guess you know that's no sweat. Right. I just got about five, 60. I'm just telling you, keep those take your blood sugar several times today. Those of you who are either pre-diabetic or die, maybe E1 or 2. Okay. And keep that baby down. Don't be running out to eat and I dare my screen and think you can get away with it. And Josh will be very proud to know what they said. Monday, let's see. 789. This is the 10th consecutive day in the ice cream for this good. I want you to tell George, would you tell me about how long are not going to eat it? Oh, until a week after we're all Labor Day, when I come back on the year. Okay. I ain't five days a week. What? Yeah. I got you a week to eat our ice cream at a time and you're going to eat it that long. I got this is my 10th day. Wait, hey. What do you say? I'll knock on it. Time-dark. Oh, in other words, you don't believe me either. I have my doubt. You, well, you see, you should know better now because you know that I- I-I-I, oh, that's right. You weren't there last week. Mm-hmm. Well, early in the week, I thought I was dying over there. I mean, I said, well, we've got a Saturday. I woke up and I thought, you know, I had a heart attack in my sleep or I was like an a virgin, I have one at all this odds of it. And it turned out I think, I'm going to get checked out. But I'm pretty sure that it was another ugly episode of my Irritable Boll. Okay. And you should know about that. Yeah, I do. I have another V-dats. Sure. Well, let me tell you right now. And of course, it was really first of all, it was started out by that meal and Florence. I thought, I'm being a good guy today. I'm a good guy today. But I think that it was a really fight by a meal I had at Woodbind, which I wouldn't wish that food on anybody on Hibber. And then two days before the last Saturday, I'm Thursday. About two hours before I went to bed. I had to find a hugging that I was been in and not. Two hours before I went to bed. A few imagine the cocktail, the idea. Yeah. Discussing stuff going on in my gut. And I woke up Saturday and I thought for myself- I'm dying over here. And so what I started to say was you should be here. I respond very well to like the likes of letting situations wake up calls. You actually don't. Exactly. And unfortunately, I've been where you're lucky. I have the two minor strokes. And after me, you're welcome because at I would be back when the first one came. I weighed 240 pounds. I was bigger than a house. I was bigger than a condo complex. And so I lost a lot of weight real fast. I've stayed pretty much at that round of 190, which is for quite a long time, with a few lapses in between. Two laps. Yeah. So that's my thing. No ice cream until then. And he doesn't believe me. He's like, huh? I felt like that. Not only no ice cream, not that we find perbre hydrate crap. We'll go. That's why I was so excited to find a carb. What is it the carb-carb options? Options. I wrote down. I'm going to look for it. You want to check that out. I'm going to take it all the way. I think you would do that. Of course. I don't have to tell you how it tastes like. Yeah. And I don't think you. But this is good taste and stuff. We'll go ahead. Yeah. You know, it's a little bit, you know, if you can just win the sugar out of your life. You want to do exactly what it's like. Oh, here's a good one. Radio show is week for this book's a great out-francum. Yeah. Well, I noticed I tossed out of some of the top show. Did we do that article? But I don't know if I put it on the side of the door. No. Watch it. I think I didn't read anything. You know, that's super top show magazine where all these idiots are standing around and petty children. I went to bad. I got up there and man. I'm not buying anyone on. And I'm a finely shouted-mossed stage. Because they wouldn't shut up already. And he's almost broken to tears. Out-francum. Give them my way away. Give me a break. Jerk. Iron Mike says his career is over. Does anybody care? I have so. I didn't even mention this to the Humphrey this morning. Why even bother? My passion is career apparently ended in the other shocker to them. Said, I don't know what he quit on the stool after taking a beating in a fog film. Yeah, he quit on the stool after taking a beating in a fog film. No comment. I said, I'm not waiting for him. I held him. Kevin McBride. Tice Elasco, the third time in his life for a fight. Once again, he faded badly as the rounds went on before deliberately head-butting McBride made this for the attempt to end the fight in the sixth round. I don't have the stomach for the city mortatized and said, I'm most likely won't fight now. I'm not going to disrespect this poor by losing this caliber of fighters. But I'll take the money. Thank you. Tice Elasco was like Custy Lee Dan. He was out of gas when he was pushed to the canvas as the sixth round ended his head stuck between the ropes. He stayed there for several seconds before finally unpacking himself from the ropes and wobbling back to his corner. When referee Joe Cortez came by to look at him, his quarter-to-old Cortez, the fight of could not continue. Cortez then went over and raised McBride's hand and lifted away. He still sat on his stool. I could have gone out, but I thought I was getting beat, Tice, and said, I don't think I have it no more. Oh, God. I mean enough, I ended up with this one of those pay-per-view things, Josh. Of course it was. Oh, God. And some of you idiots said, I actually paid to watch this crap. Every Tyson fight is a pay-per- Tyson was paid. I drew up his fried chicken, though. Tyson was paid five million dollars for the fight which was on the low end of person's maintenance career. After his creditors got two million, the IRS got its cut. His X-Flight got 750 grand. There wasn't much left for him. Tyson still know I was nearly $40 million. There were plans to frame the fight up to seven times to pay off that Aces, uh-uh. And Clive was paid $150 grand. So he just keeps fighting these bombs and putting on these charades and getting idiots like some of you folks out there sucked in to pay to see this garbage. So we can try to read. This is a guy that's made hundreds of millions of dollars in his career and he's broke. Do we feel sorry for it? Oh, I mean, we're going to go back to this. He's a slime ball. The stuff he's done. And all his biting comments, you know. Cute. No, it's just like, why would anybody, what kind of person pays to watch that garbage? A massacist. Somebody who enjoys punishment. There's something I've listened to the show over there. It was called before about the poll. Yeah. Me. Twelve minutes. In fact, wouldn't it be something that could be get through one whole day, one four hour a day without any complaints from our heart? Is it so? Are you kidding me? That's possible. No. Twelve minutes after knowing we got more Howard David, I don't know. I got those two. So a friend of two, man dog before. And then we got the courtesy, seven for a little half hour fill in there. To fill in. Before tomorrow and game. Marlins on the knicket 730. Marlins at the comes to eight or five at a key after the ball game. And Wednesday, 145. Marlins on the game show. From Rehealfield. If you're in a market for a new car, truck and stop by Armstrong for the homestead this week. Ford is offered new discounts and prices right now are well below the market price. Right now, Armstrong for their financing is always zero percent or rebates of up to six grand or you can drive away in a brand new Ford make no payments for six months. The bottom line of all of this is that when you end up the Armstrong for a discount and the bonus cash and send it from Ford, there is absolutely positively no better time to buy new Ford than right now. So pick up that phone call David Rich to GM 305 247 5112. Ask David for the Neil Deal. They got a great deal for you. I want to brand new Ford just if you listen to this show. When you buy from Armstrong for the homestead, you'll also get there on her dog but they do it all the time. There are exclusive tires and batteries for life program and you'll be able to do it. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. Nobody in switch, no phone, he deals. I'll best your most life on her right now. Armstrong for the homestead 307 25 South Thicks you highway 20 minutes south of the 86. Give David Rich a call 305 247 5112 and ask about that Neil Deal. We're on the wicked way with armstrong cars.com. But whatever you do be sure and stop down this week and save a ton, travel the restaurant, save thousands on that great new Ford at Armstrong Ford of homestead. I'm going to come to the sports. The sports when you're busing. I'm going to give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this. Howard just called the radio station Howard David. Who I get along with great. I thought he called me and saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5 let me see what age group 101.5 for him. Maybe 102.7. Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boka. Howard from Boka. It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listening. So this one to get the message out and don't call my shelter just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. But don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five day. Monday through Friday. You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting a ticket on the radio station. So there's no radio station. So there's no radio. But it's over. Me and you. Done. Coming up tonight. On inside the line, the true Hollywood celebrity needs a biography profile story. She brought the gentleman relaxing sounds of jazz of the pop charts. God. I think he had his word. Go enough. She was shot at A. Oh yeah. That's smooth. All right. Oh man. This is a good amount of the song too. That's a good show. Did you rip it up a little drill for it? Yeah. Go. Oh nice one. You freaking moron. What were you drunk but much? No. No one. I was listening to Shadev. What? Oh. All right. That one. Yeah. Oh. Please. I didn't mean to yell at you, Mr. Oh. That's all right. Hey. Oh, man. I think it's a great help for our hot pot. Shadev. If they won't refill your Zanx, she'll freaking do. It's a big juicy shopping with like a show business tonight on inside the behind. They have me recorded this part before it fell asleep. From my 10 at 5.6, you've covered your QAM. Here's the appulso far. I'll start off that. We're doing a full today. We'll never do it again. This description. Somebody else crashes who I like a lot. Yes, we didn't have any complaints about a baby curtain yet. You want to know why? Because it's still there. We got a whole bunch of it for today. We're Natalie and whoever she is. But starting June 23, you won't see that baby curtain. No mole. Anyway, somebody else crashed a like a lot. Bill Mar 130. About 30 minutes. One three. Oh, for Bill Mar. That little for and a corner cobble once. 16. Steady day. 73 man. Nobody does music for steady. Thank God. George W. Bush 59. 8.8% of their freedom. And now he's moving up back up to the inside. He only 44. Randy Rose 38. You know what's up? She's right on Jollie's ass now. She's still hungry 34. They both passed. Like he was like I said. Lean in the prone position. No Gibson 27. How could anybody like that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. How could anybody like that? What is there to like about him about melt? He's been in a lot of good movies. Oh, that's more. How are David into the 2016 Floyd 25? The Pope 18. And I just said the Pope, it could be any of the old Pope's. This old pickup Pope you like. Spencer 13. Tom Hanks 8. Tom Ron. Paul Kesternova and old Ron Brue or nine. 8. Wuppy Goldberg 8. Amy and a David and Boringing. The world is wild. James Taylor's got five. I mean, somebody needs to ask me what I don't like about James Taylor. Maybe you haven't seen fire. You haven't seen rain. Or rain. Yeah, I'm looking for that rain. Once I see the rain, I like him a lot better. Uh, Joseph Gacky five. Time with James Taylor. They both kind of like look a lot like. Rush Limbaugh is stuck on four and that's because this audience hates him like poison. Miss Man throws. She's only got three. You're fairie. Now, Frank has got a pair. Jerry Signfeld's got two. The big. Oh, it's got a pair. Rock solid. And Rich Wells has two now. Time for last. On a 6.68. That's not so great. 6.74 now. Just changing it. We've got a shot in the past. That's a thousand of we need to show if Josh would lean on it. Yeah, I'll lean on it. I'm working on it. Thank you. P.S. is going to show up with those flavor way because today's supposed to be the day for the library. I got the, I don't know. When I got here this morning, I saw a bunch of mail and I sort of threw it. But, uh, yeah, I got nobody bought the mail. Yeah, this may be working with those envelopes. Maybe maybe they compress it to give it a real fast. Let's say the order about to be put about here. Any questions? What's this? Uh, I'm asking out to one. Here it is for Josh court. It's WQAM. UPS ground. Waste 32 pounds. And that's because there's two of them in there. One for Josh one for his dad. I mean one for George. And, uh, let's see, we shipped schedule every June 13. What's today today? Why are you playing that? It seems there would be a no end. Yeah, yeah. You're succeeding. And, listen, like I said, two of those flavor way to lock seven one for Josh one for his dad. I'm saying, you will love it. If you guys don't love that thing, I'm telling you. It's, uh, it's just a Messiah. I'll try tonight. Yeah, I hate to say this because George is the one who gave me the, um, lean mean rule of machine. Which, you know, that was fine. It's time. I appreciate it. It was, you know, I like George Forman. I think that's a fine little, it's a good machine. But, I'll speak to him. It's a good machine. So my sick mind. Now, you remember I told Hank, we talked about superstitions. Gambers have in about how when I go to the T, we were, I, I tried it like, P in the same year and all the time. I got my lucky year and all. I know what you're doing. This is stupid thing. But, the gamblers have different superstitions about doing different police stuff. So anyway, I was standing there on Saturday and Peter was on the street. I got the bottle. It's a good latrine man. It's a good model of shit. And I just started chuckling to myself and people were looking at me. I always like this. I like this. I like that. It's a good, my king man. Anyway, cut the crap. I have a favorite one too. It's the small one. The one that I can reach. I see. Yeah, the short one for little kids. Right. That's why I wanted to for midgets and little kids in jockey. Well, they usually don't have a step stool in there. Just a stool. How come Hank didn't say anything about the fine race to Jeremy, Rosarine and a Belmont to save all the ground. Nice job, there's Jeremy whoever you are. WCWM, hello. How you doing? Good. WCWM, hello. Hello, Joyce. Yes? Hi. I have, I think, what do we do for the most perfect people that me always always putting down and I have a story where he's putting them down, but you don't realize it. It's a good clerk. Right. Michael Moore, too, very good. How the cut up and all that crap. The cut up was almost forced to join the welfare of the work organization because him being the man that he is. You saw that? Yeah. And being the man that he is. Well, he is a cut. You've got to show something and help his two women. Listen, now he was, his organization was forced to work. He was forced to pay him back. You're going to have a good participant because you need the extra money from that. He's only got a lot of about 85 million. But we have been dead pretty soon. That's a good move. Okay. Put the clerk on there so that people don't go for him. I'll tell you. How do you like that? Well, we know what she likes. Clies six to seven. Just listen. Don't speak. Listen. Everyone know what I mean. Listen. Don't speak. Five six to seven, five six to six, see. What a pile of garbage that is. That's why he got the first rope didn't do it. And God said, well, guess what? I was going on for a dick. That one like a big strand of a sturgus. A stock into a vegetable. And well, the syrup. Yeah, like a dick park when he needed that place in. Would he try to work it out? I think give me a break. Would it please? Remember the restaurant that he opened up there and based side is that still a lot of That's not a big deal. I don't remember it. Oh, well, be sure. I hope it's. I mean, like I said, we love that restaurant. That's great. Oh, the food there was spectacular. In fact, actually, he had the most phenomenal, a small easy of the end is for like months. I think it's gone. I think it's a long gone. Maybe I'll check that out with the salesman. In fact, if it's out of business, say, but if it's that I'm perfectly English, you can go cold Call it next week. It's thinking of calling. Maybe he haven't called down that because I have no idea what you're waiting for because I've been buying my matrices for them for years. And there are all reasons in the world you ought to be doing. If they give you a factory direct prices on the top name brands, no garbage, no off-brands. And of course, in the showrooms, you see the same stuff for hundreds more than you pay at dial-a-mathrs. And they also give you that to our window. Did you quickly date and time for delivery? Whenever it's convenient for you when you're going to be home and they show up on time. If you want the best customer ordering service from the company, right number one overall satisfaction, that's what you ought to do. Call dial-a-mathrs like I've been doing for years. At 1-800-mathrs would send delivery all across our Florida, even in April's in four minors. They occurred to complete line of all the top names, silly. Surt a Simmons King coil turns in posture. Be sure to tell them that Jeff High, Fat Boy, a toy did a call. Of course, you know him. He specializes in a pack of light. At that time, at first, there are every day low prices and deep stock make your shopping of breeze. When you call 1-800-mathrs, you'll speak with next for a betting consultant who listens to your needs and will suggest a salon cover level. That's perfect for you and what you like to sleep on. And how you like to sleep on it. He spoke to other stuff in Saturday night. They don't sell shoes. They don't sell French fries, just bids. So they know betting inside the note. Everybody here at QM thinks like a big amount of down at Christmas, but you want me doing the same. Call them right now, 1-800-mathrs. Check them on the web mattress.com. But whatever you do, get that new mattress this smart, the easy way with what easy phone call. Now, I'll mattress 1-800-MATTRES. Leave off the last S because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings. My house is a wintertrip. It's a place that's seen. Our biggest personal way is to build a hotel. It's a school for you to buy something. Can you weigh in? But you can love cereal, or I just eat really well. Here in the rocking chair, and I'll be glad to go. And most millions there will be the money. So why should I be here? You are bad as you are. I'll be by God. We ride Chinese teeth with paleo. Like a car and a boat. Go back. We say that we breathe for pedestal. We know this too. They drive on the radio. And as strolling. And as driving miles away, all the dirt in the heart has gone. Because the house is picked to check up for you. And the pedestal. And the wine is down to the sky. And every eye will run. You. You may be dying. But we never leave. And all the eyes show. Like the breeze or me. And then we'll buy this. And we just can't hear anything. We are bad as strolling. I'll be by God. You are bad as you are. We know we might just stop by two or four of them here. And then so much around the world. And we'll go back to strolling. I'm dying. I'm here. And of course that woman had called before that I'm not just terribly fresh lady that was on the phone I'm sure that she wasn't like trying to get to a racial playing watchy Oh, I'm sure that he had to open it up to like pacified him my welfare mom's that whole you know The pressure to get it with Anyway, I love kind of that the fugit place look kind of the fungering. Remember that in the movie Now they're just quite right right Democratic party chairman Howard Dean no fucking air said Saturday that positive responses from police supporters have reinforced his determination to keep talking to Even though some congressional worst Democrats has suggested he should tone down his Denver It is right or you go how he Don't let's say that crap People want us to fight Dean told the National Party's executive committee. We are here For fight Versing I will party activists leave her Saturday and the morning he added we need to be blunt and clear about the things we're gonna fight for I'm tired of lying down in front of the Republican machine. We need to stand up for what we believe in We can use some of your past representative Leonard Boswell. They're gonna cut a biotolding T. I will fundraiser several Democratic lawmakers this is themselves from their chairman Republican officials called an individual Polygize after we describe the Republicans is pretty much a white Christian party and said many in the GOP never made it on the sliving like our fat as governor by the way After weathering the criticism me forged ahead with a GOP scolding at the meeting of the Democratic National Committee leaders And also make some constant comments about Fox news of our welfare in this one If some Democrats had a former Vermont governor should not remain the center of attention privately people have said they don't want Howard Dean to become the story because they have more important issues to talk about Sid Donna Brazil who managed the course presidential campaign in 2000 She's she's been our list of media horrors Or you see who you see who finally retired unless he was on meet the press yesterday She should have been a grass grow under feet put up what your least favorite news anchors from CNN There and take it Judy Woodrow. Oh good. Yeah, that's one done. What's yesterday? I heard there'll be a good one. Of course you walk away. She said a little prayer that walking president Lord It's one of these predecessors at the DNC down followers said the controversy over this statement of that statement is a blip and only a blip The follower complained about leading Democrats who are their grabs last week Even if they don't like it, they should have enough sense not to make those comments followers said absolutely correct done At the session of the downtown hotel the in the huge Republicans have tried to suppress the vote So we access to the White House for lobbyists and basically being dishonest with the public well, you know, that's what they're pebbling A lot you go how a The reason the Republicans are in trouble is because there are so many cases where they can say one thing and do something else Dean said He said Bush is education in the initiative the no-challel up beyond program cut school spending and a clean environment plan The first guys initiative permits more pollution of course for their bodies in big business. You bet A spokesman for the Republican National Committee said Dean would rather sling mud than discuss serious matters On political fundraising with the NC treasury of public and party by more than two to one despite the interpretation is a potent fundraiser Dean said he's bringing in a million dollars weekly and that $100,000 was received unsolicited from online donors during a 24 hour period in the past week as they fewer over his remarks Screw the fewer over the fewer Goodieber Dean is given more than a million dollars from the DNC of estate parties He said the DNC plans to share some of the money Dean raises for the national party when he's in a state Both of these moves are winning him support from state party leaders Okay, so keep going how a double-cinion of these wins, you know Nancy Pelosi and Joe Biden Too bad whimps went about quit women with leaves. Yeah, that's right More John Kerry's man. Well, I was for it. I was against it, but I beat better up And that's not gonna get the job done. I'm not gonna cut the mustard. Okay, kick some ass 567.0560 pound five 16-never license to get a wireless lines Let's see if they're Clark said I'm a voce of you think that I don't think in the trailer park. They got no no no voce for dick Because she probably remember you would know computer for you shoved all those dial-up connections are Curtis love. Yeah W Q a m hello W Q a m hello 567.0560 pound five 60-never Resent for a reason in the singular wireless line. W Q a m hello any else off officer two through the fall Terracelden and and culture You like and culture, huh? Absolutely, what is there now? Hey, you know a pair of certain set about an culture That's that hot Yeah Right here in my mirror get a moth See we have people doing that material they're auditioning I guess. No, George is gonna be to be shown the summertime most of the days I'm I'm pretty funny just like we got a call about can you work, you know, they're auditioning Oh, man five six seven five five you're there and I'm here and it's all I can tell you I'm kissing the ground Oh, I'm kissing the counter and pound five 60-never rise in singular wireless line W Q a m hello The corn man yeah, you might have a point there. I might have a I might as soon when I should have said you know it Thank you all of the people was certainly ever be involved in any fully your kind of scams on here like every time we went on vacation On a worst team that would do that. Oh, well, the pose and we have now He's out in a member that how could I forget and I would be driving to work and asking myself why are they doing this? Why did they keep putting on this so corny? Of course, you know corn is the foes middle name, but I might have made a bad move there, you know Yeah, I should have recommended hey, you know what the default my story all is for giving them on home and Moth and disco lots of past your collectors checked in the you know go play my job in golf and whatever He does up there in Boko and Sit back and put his feet up on a on the deck chair and read the Palm Beach post Huh And listen to what Q a m of course. I'm a Sony walk man Because you wouldn't want to miss a word. No, don't don't do it. Seriously if I spent one minute of my spare time Listen to this radio station. I would immediately I would have myself bacon racked Yeah, I know I We just have to be a crazy person W 2 a m hello Joe we got you We know W 2 a m hello Hey, you yes sir, hey put that bitch on there a devil to Parker. She was like the witty with it away That's And that kind of call about not doing the pull how can we have this much fun if we didn't do it for a long and then this is a highlight of a whole Life This doesn't these non-secretaries, you know Severchag Jessica Parker when you go in honor because it didn't make any sense, fuck But Anna corner for you is on air and she's a strong second though. She's flipping a little bit She's flipping down the old tree Come on, they'll mar or the redwood 135 or build mar 118 per Anna and in after that it's kind of small to see the game 77 George W 61 and 8 and a half percent of the audience They like them and you want them to lie like Is they're stupid? Maybe they liked it this soldiers maybe like maybe how about we take those eight and a half percent of the audience and put them out a big big cruise ship It's in the over for a free cruise to a bag dad sure huh? I'll express thank bring all the troops home and let's take that eight and a half percent of the Elijah's audience Instead of over there to fight the battles and to get slaughtered You know for years you've heard me talk about the best carpeting company in the universe drag concepts But I'm not sure if you know about all the other great services and drag concepts has to offer to you Drag concepts can also save your hundreds even thousands of dollars in other areas They specialize in drapery cleaning a post-rain leather furniture restoration Mancris cleaning giving rid of those annoying dust mice and water damage to Drag concepts can also clean a restore your talent grow quickly and efficiently as well Drag concepts for professional staff is always improving the serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems available anywhere in the world So when it comes to cleaning and restoring your profits your way at a rugs a post-me all of these things There's only one face to call and that's drag concepts and During a month of June take a base drag concepts tile and drought special going on right now for more information called full free from Zbroudered palm reaches 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 A lot under the website at dragconcept.com don't forget you really can clean today entertainment when you call our good friends a dry concept For the store to store to store to store to store to store to store to store to store to store you You can tie to people like the store to store it to store and all the secrets and what kind of concepts What's the story of the way to maintain the market? What's the story of the way to maintain the market? What's the story of the way to maintain the market? What's the story of the way to maintain the market? I don't know what's the story of the way to maintain the market. What's the story of the way to maintain the market? What's the story of the way to maintain the market? Let's talk about the story of the way to maintain the market. If we get 800-800-100-100-100-100-100, I think we've got a shot for a thousand. Which would be in the 13th of June that would be phenomenal. That would be like 45 days in our camp and we'll also learn our comb there too. Do you think we can do it? We can do it. Josh says no. What is over there, Typing? Typing one. I don't know, let her home. Hey, a senior White House official involved in a damaging controversy over his delineating of their climate change, winnings from US government reports has abruptly resigned, but the White House denies his departure at anything due with a flat which sounds to me like a pack of lives. So if Kuni chief of staff of the White House Council on Environmental Law Quality, by the way, Dick Clark got a vote. Step down Friday without disclosing his feature in Clemen plans and asked President to introduce his spokesman Aaron Healy, no relation to Glenn Healy, or Jean Healy. He's accumulated many weeks only even so decided to resign and take this sum off to spend some time with his family. There are always spending taking time off to spend time with their family. She added the resignation was completely unrelated to the release of documents this past week that Shokuni had given a thorough editing US government documents on global warming and would appear to be an effort to make them look less dramatic. Just like George Tenet resigned to see I for the same reasons, right? Mr. Kuni is Longman considering options following four years of service in the administration each folks will be sitting. The disclosure of returning into a diplomatic embarrassment for the White House because it became ours after Bush or Shrewd visiting British Prime Minister Tony Blair that his administration was doing global warming as a serious long-term problem that it would determine the solve. But Justice Blair was telling reporters about a common commitment and desire to tackle the challenges of climate change, the US Civil Organization Government Accountability Project, made public documents showing the White House trying to gloss over the problems of early. The pages included a grant of a 2002 report by the US Time Exchange Science Program that had been sent to Kuni for review and still contained his edits and remarks in the margins. It showed the White House official taking out a whole paragraph, warning about higher temperatures resulting in melting glaciers and snow peaks in polar regions and having serious impacts, especially on native American tribes that rely on fishing and hunting for their livelihood. In a remark on the margins, Kuni who has no scientific background at all appeared to operate scientists restraining from research strategy into speculative findings. The documents also contain a memorandum for Rick Pils. A former senior official with the climate change program who resized large because as he put it, he no longer wanted to sacrifice his ability to speak freely. Pils wrote he believed the White House and the State Department enacted and consured to impede fourth-right communication of the state of climate science and have tried to undermine the credibility of the program. Answering a barrage of questions, White House press secretary Scott McClulland denied the administration was trying to full of science. This is an interagency review process where everybody's involved in these issues should have input in these reports he said in the editing, and that's all this is. The federal and democratic lawmaker is represented Henry Waxman and lawfully Senator John Kerry have asked the GAO of the investigative arm of Congress to formally probe the matter. When the true probing Jennifer, they can probe this matter. They call the revelations they lay this in the pattern of interference with time of science by the Bush administration in general. I gave my heart and soul to oppose the policy that you promoted. There you go. In 2001, the Bush administration decided to abandon the Kyoto Treaty which commits industrialized nations to credit greenhouse gas emissions that most scientists say the country would be to global warming. The global war in here is also saying the section is another comedy think of plot in the debate. Just like that carbon dating man. Although in my opinion says here's a good one. I've heard you're back on the veribul's and he buffed in the past. How about putting Mr. Margarita Villanier pull? He gave us why don't we get drunk and screw we can't be all that fast. It's very good for him, Larry. Let's get to me buff it buffet on there. What do you say? Give me a fake. Go right on there. It's cheaper than paradise. Or can he sing or what? Oh, is he got to help? Oh, he's got his own channel there on one of those XM or serious. More we can say. I mean that Mel Kermism, he is hiring the really heavy duty the really stiff talent. What do we got there? 754? We got to get to 800 and the next 10 minutes can we do it? I don't think so. That's a little bit too stiff of a child. 756. 44 votes in nine minutes. I don't think we can even technically can we do that? Come on, Dr. You can come through and clumps that come through and chunks now to do that. Oh, they're pretty turkey with it. What do we? Gary's Steven Corsair writes in a Palestine Chronicle 25 The reason is to impeach Bush. Oh, God. Do I have time for this to sour? I think I'll save this for the next hour. Okay, don't do a 25 reason to impeach Bush. Must be a pack of right, right. Before we do that, though, watch group members poses prostitutes. Montem is Michigan where they obviously have much too much time on their hands. Members of a watch group are taking the fight against prostitutes and drugs right to the source. They're streets of the hood. North Grasher neighborhood watch members spend two days less month posing as fee walkers in Vigrants and an area north of the Montemans downtown 169 for its street crime. When potential customers pulled over the activists tended out of fire that said, if you're soliciting sex and or drugs misnablerhood, you are being videotid. Stay tuned for the other talk news tonight. Zero tolerance. 20 like that. Watch group organizers, Deborah Roberts said that homeowners are using the new technique because they're tired of motorists grabbing around the block asking law abiding men and women for crack cocaine or sex for money. Crack or both. Both. The group has become increasingly vocal about crime in their neighborhood over the past few years. Posting signs, handing out leaflets and videotading alleged drug sales in prostitutes waving down cars. Last month, members won a step further and begin walking the streets themselves handing out their flyers. Although they acknowledge posing as a hooker late at night as extremely risky, some of the group members are carrying a mason of weapons to be used in self defense. Their videotakes are being turned over to law enforcers. We can't even walk in our own hood without being solicited by some creepy grabbing by Roberts said we simply are not getting adequate protection. They're taking matters into their own hands. How do you like that? In my clemence mission. Have we been there? No. Don't. 560, 560, 560, maybe Verizon and Singular, wireless line. Whatever you do, don't go to Detroit. If they like offer you a lot of money, don't go to Detroit. Okay. W2AM. Hello. Hey, hello. Mr. I have one for the fall. I think they're making fairly good. Okay. In the past two of us done a lot of damage to Belky's. I think she's extremely hot and very intelligent. Still fews in the way. Okay. Thank you. And I know this guy on top of his jersey of the number. Put him on hold. Actually, settle that with a straight face. Streaming hot. I think we just work. Okay. Said. Get him some eyedrobs. Okay. Get him some viseing. Clear up his vision. But a bit of deep voice. What do you call it? Anyway, put around her. She's still fews in the way. You can. Me, as I said, could you help her? She picked up in here as well. Like she picked up. What if Lena appreciated you? Yes. The farmer really doesn't know what to do. But do we have a plan? Sure. And if Chaewon had seen many, I was looking that up just for example. green tooth crow. It could be between, it's a big amount. It goes with there. There are maybe two or three from Domino's. But we do love Domino's though. May they make a pie or what? Oh yeah. 567.0560. Not Friday to 60. On the Verizon and Sincular Wireless lines. WQAM Hello. You fair. Good one. WQAM Hello. Is a great read on there. Now what do you like about him? He's one of my ice-fing John's. That was you. You fair. 567.0560. Powered by the Sincular Wireless lines. Maybe what he'd really meant is he wants to have a conversation with Greg in the John. Think that's what he's trying to say. Not sure. How many QA and hello? Hey, me though. Yes sir. How are your NSA's on a big call on a way next week for an extended meal of five reps? I think you're going to be going to work for a while now, right? Not if we got a vacation next week and the rest of the summer will be on Tuesday and Thursday. Yes. I'll just point behind the time. Okay thanks. Ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. Whatever you say. Have a good time. Okay. I'm going to shine. See what your post is posted post is. Don't lose too much. Don't lose. What is my post to say? Go over to my money. Come and tell me. QA and hello. Where did you get your credit? You're hoping to win. You're fair. QA and hello. Yes. Okay. Listen. I told you, aren't they? Did you have any food about it? You remember? You came out of the two? I knew what? The memory came out about it before the last, uh, down in three Remember? Yeah. The time speed to the story. Yes. We got it. Thank you. And the other one I just read like ten minutes ago about to not have any post or a plan. Yes. Been there done that. Five six seven. Five six. Don't forget. Don't forget. Like it makes a difference to that. Don't forget. Yeah. Don't forget. We got that. The big article there that you'll find very boring. He says if the founders had their own government Jefferson would have framed an impeachment bill. Twenty five reasons to impeach George W. All right. And let's get it going right now. I have a feeling it's going to happen. I know what sounds ridiculous. The ludicrous. But yeah. Maybe. Just maybe. I'm off of this stuff. It's starting to hit the fan. And maybe the American public has started to realize. First of all these. All these people are dead over there and what's for. What's for? I said. I was a part of the old. What for? Free to be done the march. Yeah. Right. I wish freedom was on the march to us again. Just look at all that's been taken away. Oh, and we have a story last week. Why do you run vacation? About. Table and satellite. Yeah. It's even for my last. I forget who the other one was. They're working feverishly man. They want to start the old censorship routine there too. So pretty soon unless it's actually like a pay per view. You won't be able to see squar. In fact, you won't be able to squar. Or if it's satellite for another country. No, it can't see that. Could be propaganda. 1256 in 560 WQA. And last week we also had something nasty. Invasion of the Asian Subturbanian Turmites in Palm Beach County. And review or beach. And of course once they review or beach they're going to be everywhere over date, route in Palm Beach. So not only we have you regular pedestrian turmites. I come around every year. But now we got the Asian. What is it again? The Asian Subturbanian Turmite. For make a long story short. Also, it's termites getting into your house. They started eating and chewing like crazy. Uh, if you don't do something right away, you got real problems. In fact, you have no house left. So if you think you might have termites in your home, do the smart thing. Call our friends at Riddit, our IDIT, two words. Riddit test control today for the free termite inspection. Riddit test control doesn't sense your house. They don't make you move out to hotels or motels for days or weekend. What they do is use an amazing orange road treatment. The kills termites and the raised 100% on contact. They are gone immediately. If not sooner. You don't have to worry about poisonous gas. No worrying about food to your pets. And like I said, no tent. No moving out. And you don't have to worry about your health either. They treat your home with this amazing orange oil. And you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when Riddit is done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the team set of oranges for just a few days. So whether you have a private home, a farm and building condo townhouse, whatever it is, they'll do it all for you. If you have a termite problem, make that one easy call to Riddit test control and find out about the amazing orange oil treatment that killed termites and the wigs 100% on contact. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection. 12 free it's 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447-4348. No tenting, no BS, no kidding. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 2-800-447. 2-800-447. 1-800-447. 2-800-447. Well, step on it before it multiplies. All right, you did. 799 hosts were just one child, 8100. We got one hour to go until the day. Think we'll make the thousand? No. Everybody. Hop on that website. Okay, vote on everybody. Here we are. Suncentals.com, Auditors and State National Journalism contest. In that day, they had a pretty, allows you to be able to go to the website. I've been telling you that. You mentioned it. Harold sucks. The hell website is an embarrassment. It's the greatest humiliating, even worse than their newspaper. Which is saying a lot. Some, let me give you an example. I'm going to click on right now. Mommy, hello. And it's only a minor mistake. But it's so typical of what is schluck, a thing they put out. Here's Harold.com. I heard a headlines. One of them had latest headlines. My name is Dave police. I desuspect. Fadly shoot by officer. Not shot. Yeah. Fadly shoot. I mean, it's just a typo. They don't prove for each kind of like our salespeople, the copy. You know? I'm sorry. What copy? Suncental.com was awarded first place in two journalism. Come on. One one has to do with some features, some silly, I think. But on Friday, the website was named the best newspaper sign in the state by the Florida Society of Newspaper editors. Which I'm sure you have lunch with them every month. Oh, sure. Second place. One to the Orlando Sentinel. Suncental.com also won first place the competition last year. They do a fine job on their website. They keep giving you breaking stories. In fact, you're almost every day. There's stuff that I put on here that I get off their website. Thank you Suncental, even though that the yada check out their gin sarni, okay? Yada check that whole deal out when it Foxy rocksy pool and at which walls pool would suddenly disappear. Wow. In Burieson. Anyway. Gary Steve, and not really the Gary Stevenson Jockey. Gary Steven Corsairi writes in the Palestine Chronicle. By the way, he's published two novels, two poetry collections. His work is appeared in counter punch, common green, New York Times village voice, and the visiting voice lot of other places. His drama has been presented at PBS Online and elsewhere. Anyway. He says, among other things, the West Archivore used to be depended on a lengthy bill of particulars against the abuses that Usor patients of King George III. If the revolutionary fathers had their own government, Jefferson would have used his writing skills to Femin and Peachman Bill. Among the abuses T.J. said it was the King's name. The King's refusal to do a central law is the most full-someness necessary for the public good. If the columnists were wild enough over taxes on stamps and T.J. The World would have revolution, while their inheritors do with the use of our presencey executive. As Jefferson wrote, left Fants me submitted away candid world. One. He lied us into war in Iraq. According to the US media, ignored Bush, let me try again. According to the US media, ignored British Downing Street memo. He faced intelligence around predetermined policy of preemptive war. Results of 100,000 Iraqi civilian deaths, about 1800 US soldiers dead in two wars, hundreds of thousands wounded and traumatized. Two. Under his watch, US subreddit's worst terrorist attack on its soil, he opposed an official investigation, then stalled for months on testifying before a hand-pictimity, finally testified behind closed doors. Three. He was elected under dubious circumstances in 2005, four. Five. He is approved as the attorney to the court. Five. He is approved as the attorney general Gonzalo says we defined torture at Guantanamo at Aburgar Red, the Guam and elsewhere, while simultaneously opposing the international criminal court established to check such abuses. According to Anastine International, US has established a Soviet-style Gulag of torture around the world. Six. He failed a support to Kyoto protocols reducing greenhouse gases, but worked to open up Alaska's land. Seven. He chose Haliburton today to continue to totally continue to be his running mate twice. Eight. He is the same front of me this too fast. So don't please. Well, I don't know. We got plenty of time. Eighties attempted to pack the courts with ideal log judges in ten and overthrowing Roe V. Wade, an institutionalizing pleast, there abuses of Patriot X1 and 2. Nine. His no child left behind education policies have replaced learning with testing and laboratory recruiters to access to our schools, controlling our children with military options before their minds of at a chance to open question and challenge. Ten. He is attempting to dismantle social security system that's ensured peace and freedom for tens of millions of working Americans for seven decades, peace of mind and freedom for mecanomic crises, rights won hard by libertine progressives and decades-long struggles. 11. He's aligned himself with robbing ideal logs to prepare our abolish stem cell research vital to the conclusive pre-locating and fatal diseases. 12. He espoused a devalpic coherent energy policy except for pressing and worse rather people's resources. He fails to acknowledge the reality and pending disasters of global warming. 13. He is continued to be globalization project of his predecessors outstressing jobs following our middle class. 14. He is undermined the legitimate protector protocols of the CIA politicizing the agency awarding positions on the basis of anyological orthodoxy rather than mirrored in a stupid analysis. 13. He has submitted his administration to Nia Kai, the laws are grittard for a willing, crystal and Douglas Fife, and it will endorse the settlement expansionist and wall of him in policies of aeroscior role. So when the seeds of anti-airabracism were in discussion in the Middle East for generations to come. 16. He is quite of his rhetoric about freedom and democracy he's allied himself with dictators and Pakistan, whose bucket stand Egypt and elsewhere, he has increased the flow of arm to these states and others, formatting instability for more than war. 17. He chose down the rum spell to the Department of Defense Secretary twice, and despite a rum spell's obvious failure to adequately plan for the post-Satum era in Iraq, inducing massive, collateral damage, the looming of ancient treasures, and infrastructure disruption to country we were legally and morally boundaryability. 18. He endorses the weaponization of space, rods from gods and other exotic star wars technology to establish a 21st century American global empire that's doomed to create an arms race with China and other opposing coalition, so in discord and wasting resources of the world. 19. He is presented over the most egregious media consolidation in our nation's history, while we have had yellow journalism and other media abuses throughout our two centuries of the Republic Empire, we've never suffered the consolidation of power that we have today. He is presented over the amassed relation and towering of PBS, while his disinformation troops have pedal fraudulent stories and comments to so-called reporters like Judith Miller, Armstrong Williams and Jeff Guffard Gannon, poisoning the well of information, and into the general confusion and globalization of our news. That's his in Joseph Gervils, I say. Not George Gervil. 20. He lied about misled and understood the astronomical causes of a lack of Afghanistan wars, it continues to do so that burning tax money for education, health care, the EPA transportation, and social infrastructure in a warmaking industry. 21. I'm getting to the end of this I hope. He is considered in largely depraved foot in policy of using the pleaded uranium on the battlefield, a policy bound to cause massive suffering and deaths to Americans and others for generations to come. 22. He is alienated our traditional allies and more than a big embuzzles around the world. He's ransacked the good willest in its international effortly and unloved attacks, leaving a crusade of vengeance and reprisal, most often against innocent people judging without sufficient evidence, investigating himself to a crooked self-righteous, sexually-sharves-powered wester-cube without justice. 23. Under his watch, Mignan's Warmer can devenend to the ranks of the uninsured while healthcare costs have exploded. His answer to these not depressing social problems appears to be faith-based charities, in other words preaching the choir while stealing from the fuse. 24. Under his watch, North Koreans have apparently developed eight nuclear weapons and his relics continue to increase in refining its arsenal, now estimated as high as 500 nuclear weapons. 25. Last but not least, he has murdered the English language. Oh, yes. How do you like that pretty good, huh? Very good. In Pichum now. Anyway, let's see. Oh, here you go. Here's one. How about Rick from the Rick and Sajjo? For our pool. Okay. Rick, right. Somebody, I try. Somebody you like a lot, but that's right. It's his way briefcase. I guess they wanted to play anything. And then, of course, at the end of it, guitar man says Rick while you're, you're a... ...a navel. Yeah. I don't see a like, I'm sleeping, you know? We can watch. Sing it to yourself. Like some bleep and idiot. They were there, were they? Here's what I'd say. I'm sitting in. What kind of an exam? Black. So they like that. Will Smith, who list that thing is very good performer. Okay. I hate him like poison. Put him on there. Why is it that Democrats in Congress are so sphineless, he is. Howardine is absolutely right in saying he is... I want them to fight. We want to know that they have a set of gonaids. These other members of Congress want to prove that to it's tougher than Howard. Let them go and spend that night with Dr. Judy. And after they see her first thing in the morning, if they're not running and screaming from the house, they cannot call it. There you go. That's a good point. Yeah. I guess he wants me to play that too. Dr. Judy Dean. She's a little bit on me. Potentic side. Here's a fact from Bill and Fort Lauderdale. I knew it wouldn't be long before we be here from Old Bill. The caller with thanks to the Channel 7's Belki's bitches, Hot has got to be either on crack or a flaming home-o with severe side problem. It says, Jesus, you look like an alien. T.S. by the way, the food company can always read you for now's canor. Trust me. No, it's not. It is. What the hell is it, man? Who cares how you pronounce it? Come on here. I passed along a really good line of fraud or tear. That might actually benefit somebody. It might like, why keep you alive. And they're like nitpicking again. Even Bill of Fort Lauderdale canor my ass. Who could that? And here's what it says. Thanks for the tip for the Belmont. I put plenty across the board on the 7 horse and dromony. He wrote 140 pay up. Went to biggest last weekend to play TV poker your favorite at a great time. Love that city. If we can only get casinos in Miami, well, I was just reading it. We're going back next week for more TV poker. He says. I say. Oh, right. See a few of it's smart. See, you're going to take the favorite. They're heavy duty favorite. I'll sleep now. And you put him on top there. Or you like to do an exacto box. The exacto paid 44 bucks. Not bad with a heavy favorite on top. And you like a, you know, like a $100 exacto box. You get $20 to back, right? Okay. And it's like the triple. You bet 97 all 7 9 all 7 9 7 9 and you get a 12 dollar triple. But nevertheless, it's a good score. So I pulled that one right out of my way. Right. And what about the worst of date, because he do it? No, no. Sorry, Dave. And also, sir, about our little phone problem. I can't print a told you. I'm going to call it a clock. And he said, nice. I'm going to call it new. When you get telling me, when you can't tell him, you know, not, not, not We're even. He kept saying, oh, that wasn't Dave on a battle. I know somebody else. How often does that line ring? Well, previously, we were getting some, like, a fax or, you know, are a couple of my calls. That's why I'm making this give it up. Why? Why seems to give that up. Kind of loose. Give it up. Yeah. Kind of loose. If you'll produce. One third thing that finds 60WQM-1. If you're looking for a high speed internet service, you want one that's fast, reliable, easy news. And short, you want the best. You want the number one high speed internet service provider in the USA. Comcast high speed internet. It's 100% fewer broadband network. Absolutely blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster than DSL Light. You can download music, photos, streaming video online games faster than ever before. Simply put, Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around. And with features like the fan, video emails, security manager and radio plus, it's even more intense than ever before. And right now, you can get yourself Comcast high speed internet for just 9.95 1% for the first two months. That's 9.95. Call 1800 Comcast and get you the number one high speed internet service in the company today. Certain restrictions apply, call that 123 number for details. 1800 Comcast. What a come to score. What a score. We are scoring. How about score 315? Who can win? No. A word from Howard Deen's wife. Hey, tell her. And that the Jewish spy burns. Why, for presidential candidate Howard Deen? You can call me Judy. Not judge Judy. That's the different research. People have the low. Why am I the ever on campaign for Howard? Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I need proper bits and I look like a chain of pull-ups. Stop me from bombarding you with too much leadership. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of Michigan. For those of you who don't take a piece, the Jewish that means crap. How he could go? Do he's what you might call a loose cannon? Because a pretty bad temper, I didn't. I remember one time on the right kid left a cat off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. His veins tapped out in his head and had white spit strings. What more than the corners of his mouth? Even for sure, I spent 23 years with his shagots. Both of the time he's a mench. But that occasion, I hate him. I think why he's been how he would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peer all about is that Howard doesn't let us have a TV. I've got my special city. I got to shut down the campaign headquarters. What are the progress for lunch on some tiny black and white set? I have never seen any program in color. So I know Jacky Kennedy. Hell if you look at me, I'm a little tenterity. I don't wear makeup. I like a list of our way for being Irish. Don't expect too much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to choose who my was straight. Anyway, as I was on that year, the Jewish flag like over and out. T4, but the committee's will let John Kerry press it. One I'd see, if you were, I am. I almost got it done. Down and four louder, Dail says, and she's got a good choice here. If I was boy, why we're coming to ask him to do it really so. I were a win bag. She says, Sun sent also in frequent gifts of Hank and Dad. Dog who knows the crap about a new, but I enjoy as long as it can be a fact. And that's his dad's name. I were a win bag from the Sun sent. He's also, see, somebody told me that before. He's also mom and a man dog. Who I thought didn't have guests. Remember we had that call? That's correct. And he is actually on his show as well. It's not enough that he gets it during basketball season. He gets it when our sixth day is weak with Hank. That's what we're told. What is it that he gets you to get three hours, seven days a week on a Hank show and three hours, two days a week on with Mad Dog. I were win bag. Put his ass on the table and he's in danger that too. That's really sad. See, he may be the greatest, basically ball right to go into the country. I don't know because I don't care about the NBA. Hey, don't care about crap about it. So I don't need to just calm. But on the air, I mean, we got enough squeaky people on our way. The plus is, oh, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, who, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, tha story is the sunshine today or not I doubt it was this morning who knows what it's doing and all you know I got it because actually I see like a little puppy cub of the loose guy and son here's supposed to be raining like crazy I want the rain this is not like Michael said this is not what I wanted let me take a puke at what the temperature is here right now kiss Paul and Ron are listening twenty seven it's like anyone I believe and it keeps showing on there to keep on city pulse clouds and thunderstorms and I think for the way like like hell nothing going on yet I'll sit and I think about the window see if it gets wet anyway with best this is script and somebody kneel trash is like a lot bill mar 148 and a corner call was out 130 steve man 84 George W 65 when that's got that sound a 7.6% good keep driving at number down miss me feel better about life and about his audience how could anybody be so stupid seriously I feel like some of the came to your home and shot your kids in your wife and then said oh by the way I got a hell of a deal for an old wolf flag and you bought it that would be the worst part of course we like wolf sweat like it's a good deal Randy rose 53 how much else in the world we love the god this in fact I'm a one at the and I'm gonna go inside of the world wasting my time you know because the Randy her sick of fans are just like she is you know if you ever like there's any knock it off oh to you turn on Randy okay whatever you say can't stand if you'll be 51 we like you'll be a lot better after Friday's performance he rip-mo and ass you to be really proud okay let's see go 147 okay pink boy 35 well how are David's time with pink boy oh don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't this is a pink outfit you like to wear now Gibson 32 the port 22 your sign-file 19 Tom Hanks 18 Spencer Tracy 15 Paul an old Ron 14 who'll be goldberg 11 all can't look at her what is the tanny I don't feel oh god here I don't feel my as you draft dodging funny I don't have another fart attack how do you like that talking about the battlefield is draft Dodger Al Franken nine James Taylor nine they've been boring nine Joseph Gaki eight okay okay Philharmonie to me buffed seven default five the big oh rock solid five Russell and Buffy miss 9th Rogers got three you're celebrating home or you get far start a pair rich rich walls moved up to a pair he's had a big Clark all boy that's a shy may have a bad voice maybe a horrible answer but don't put him in the same class with the Clark will Smith's got one and that's probably we got a deficit I'm sitting in Stokey's the raise guy one from that blind guy rich Sanchez one and Rick Wally's got the big he'll be in the Saudi Insights Rick that's bad in fact you know something what are we gonna go to say to just had the sunshine once we start talking about the stock market crap he should visit a Rick take that briefcase and go home and uh... so it's gonna be sure yeah what do you think help recovery diunkt laughter too many that's more about title clip here I looked up paintings. And it's almost as good as that. I wasn't going to share this with you, but here's a little tip for these summertime shows on any slow day. This paid back for like 3,4 hour. Oh, you got it. A 30-year easy. 5,6,7,0,5,60, palm 5,60,0 horizon and singular wireless line. You can invite motorcom on a show, really do a little cross over with him and talk about that. An answerless volume is for the elderly. WQA, a little... Not there on two. WQA, I'm hello. Hey, hey, you go another day. OK, sir. I got a couple of questions for you about a couple of drops that you play. OK. Where does the fairy thing come from? Do fairy. It comes from the movie. Here it is. And here's the whole dialogue. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Where does he come from? He's a man who's trying. You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? This helps us. Does that seem clear to you to help us? To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living. You company man. You're fairy. There you go. You, Eric. Any other one is you play one once in a while. Whether a guy who says, always just a little bit of guy about so tall or something. That's a little more go. That's from Fawke. And the best is going on. Handshoff. I don't think he drives the way the audience nearly much as that old fart. We know does when he's on there. OK. Good point. That's a lot of value. All of that. Accidents. All of this is old be know. The numbers are way up when being was on. Oh, he's a little guy. He's trying to find a little thing. Now speaking of which he may see. Is it the core? Was that the name of the movie? There was a movie called The Cooler that he's in. Oh. Did you see that? No. I saw most of it over the weekend. It's a casino movie. That's what I understand. And it's pretty good. Did the ending though is so. I've got to not tell you. All right. Don't tell me. I wanted to tell you. You're one of those people who's really picky about endings. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's just so ridiculous. But it's a good movie. You'd like it. I'll give it a watch. And he's working for this guy in a casino. And the guy is just crazy guy. This is beats the crap out everybody. And I don't want to spoil it. But it's good. And when he makes me see his great in the movie. He's so good. He's good. He's very good. 27. Oh, the other piece of the news is I watched Oni Mahoney speaking of gambling movies. And it was excellent. Oh, what a tell you. And of course, it had like extra significance because it's a true story that happened in the World of Eighty series of auto. Right. That's what I was trying to tell you. The guy that he played was a Torontoian banker and he got a good gambling from and stole $10.2 million in the, and I'm not being able to. As you know, but I thought it was really fascinating. The whole psychology of everything. Yeah. Yeah. And of course, the Lotus in a whole movie. He never breaks out of that sweat. He's always in the earthy. They're all. They're all. They're all. They're all. Right. I see some of those people are woodbind. I don't want to mention that. You brought a curse to that table. Right. I love it. I don't know. Anyway. Yeah. In fact, the movie with William H. Macy. The coolers. Look up the right name of that. It's the coolers. It's got some similarities. And sure you're familiar with Anthony Kelly and with the main man of acceptance cattle mortgages. So speaking of gambling. If you want to gamble on your mortgage, call somebody else. If you want to best deal. Let the main man say it. The right. They get letting you be the straight poop. And let him tell you what maybe you didn't know. And that is that most banks only work with three different mortgage products. You haven't got much choice. And if you're credit is less than 100% perfect. You're going to get turned down. The old N.O. If you're not working with the right lender chances are getting improved. Or maybe you 50 50. So if you want to increase your chances, if you want to get exactly the earlier hoping for doing this of a humongous favor. Call right now. Anthony Kelly and the whole free. And one triple eight for eight three loan. And let the main man and the same puts you in a mortgage and meets exactly what you be looking for. A boy daughter of the rock lender. Maybe being turned down because you call the rock number. Call the main man. And acceptance capital mortgage toll free. One eight eight eight four eight three loan. And don't forget every time they close alone. A portion is donated to kids in distress. So I call anybody else. Avoid the bait and switch avoid paying a lot more than need to on your mortgage payments every month. Call the main man. Anthony Kelly and the whole day. One. Two. Avenue education. Yeah. Okay. Wake up. And one that. On next. Leonard. Garen. And it's a lunch ban. Mhm. Yeah. And. You can learn more out of your support. Yeah. This weekend we are giving away It's cool. So make it cool. Congratulations. What's the issue? It's this. It's not cool. Now I'm going to say something without anything behind my voice. What's your matter, Gaffet? This weekend we're trying something could be the same. What's your name? Oh, no. I'm going to tell you 0.055.512 for more info. This weekend we're really rocking with a table in the rest of you so are. You'll say. Huh? Hmm? Huh? Hey! Hey! We can't just listen. We can't. We can't. We can't listen. We can't. We can't. We can't. We can't. Look at that 144 people arrested in Tennessee, cockfighting rage. Just wait till they get to highly and sweet water, man. We ain't seen nothing yet. We might get tonight and report by the LDR, you know? Okay. Well, I think I'm going to give up. I've just not going to have a chance. They just slowed down. Just want to get us like a follower of the 194. That's really spawns. We got like 26 minutes and we're going to give like 80, uh, 100 and 6 votes and 5. I don't think so. I don't think so. Now. The heavier shot there, you had a chance for great in the championship. We didn't put that together right in our old camp there. And we feel like whistle the Yankee doodle behind me at the same time. Didn't get it. Tom Riz and make his cyclists road pass big been and the US Embassy in London Saturday approached us to West defense on gas gradually and cars and to push for the more use of bicycles. They were right in neck of the southern. The organizers of the World naked by cried 2005 said protests were expected in number of conference including Australia, Canada, the US, Ireland, and Italy, Latvia and Israel. In London crowds lost about 100 cyclists leave hide for a corner on a journey that took them past some of the capital's most famous landmarks. Most of the riders trip naked for the 6 mile ride pass pick Italy surface, big been, Covent Garden, Oxford Street and US Embassy, somebody's scary banning reading or else not a bare necessity but a crew of session and support to trade just as movement. It's a protest against all the penalty and car culture for the and the overuse of cars for unnecessary reasons that one of the organizers, Chanielson, 24 from North London. There's too much pollution that stinks in London and we use too much fossil fuel. And the Spanish capital of Madrid dozens of new cyclists peddle along major thermophers past famous landmarks drawing surprise looks. Most were men naked except for shoes and helmets or caps to fend off the hot Spanish sun. What we clearly want is to show that we feel naked against the traffic said one organizer who only gave his first name, Haviyer. Well, I wonder if he's the Haviyer from Gampav, as I doubt it. Every day we have to put up with the traffic the aggression of the drivers for speeding bad manners he said. So we're right and naked. I wouldn't be doing that in the states if I were you. Another good idea. 560560, pound 560 and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Who best fits this description? Somebody kneel, crashes all the time and you like a line. Got a good list of names on here. I know this. Fill Mar 151 in a corner, cove 131, steady van 85, George W. 71, 720, percent. You see, the Bushwitchers they put their goose and upper gear in the freedom. All of you don't care because at least that adds to the total of votes, right? Randy Rhodes 58, guilty 51, Phil Henry's got 15. Thanks, Lloyd 37, more Howard David at 35. Mel Gibson 33, Jerry Sanfield 25. The Pope, 22, Tom Hayes 21, Paul at Old Ron 15, Spencer Tracy 15, I'll say mayors then. Alfred from 13, Wipigold from 11 James Taylor 10, Jimmy Buffett 9, V.o. 9, Dave and Boring 9, Joseph Gekke 8, Bill O'Reilly 8, The Big O'S got 5, Russell and Baw 5. Belky's, Skookies narrate, the lovely and touted Skookies narrate, is got 3. She is smoking. Miss Matt Rudge, talk about smoking. Two fairies. Three. I were one bag to Wilson's two, the Clark two, which was two, for Sanchez one and Rick Roddy's got the big two. I had to continue to fight you and the one, Hayden Lloyd, for sure was the audience. That's what it was. All these years, I had it all screwed up. I was getting these vibes. I thought somebody just tasted Lloyd poison and of course it would have been a lot better for us only you, but it was the audience that just hated him like arsenic. Man. Somebody QA and hello. Hey, now. I was wondering if you had that, is it the guy, the Anatra for Pittsburgh, the famous, like, really calls the goal. Like a line about it. Sorry? If we had it? Yeah, you may say it sometimes because the goal. Michael Lane, yeah. Yeah, the other piece of the place? No. These people crazy, you see, I finally learned my lesson. How did I, oh, G, I mean there's no point looking back. You can't undo the place. There's so many stupid things in my life including on this show. Have a look at it. Not just the hockey shows, but playing those hockey highlights. What am I thinking about? No. Oh, I must be a crazy guy. You must admit now we didn't have the one year and the Panthers made the big run and went to the Stanley Cup. But everybody was on a, I jumping on a band where you knew that. And that was it. That was the beginning and that was the end of the rat. That was it. That was the end. Okay, don't try to milk it. Okay, this is a dead cow. You can milk it or cow. So, and boy, did I make a bad mistake? Yeah, I got all that stuff right in here. Am I going to play it? No. Do I need to hear it? I want to hear hockey stuff. I can go right on here now. This is hockey country, baby. But stop. Oh, I'm trying to get out of the way. There he is. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? There's one. There's one. And here's another one. Another one. Another one. And let's see if we got the least lunch. I decided by shooting. Yes. And as much as I've ever been a great believer in a great believer. There's that Yahoo Dennis V.A. who does least schemes on video, which I have no idea how because he's all or a fail does come back. And there you go. So, there's three hockey disagreements for. How do you like that? Am I playing the... Oh, is this guy crazy or what? I mean, I may be stupid, but she's like the president says, fool me once. Can't fool me. Get fooling again. Nobody says. There was something like that. That's not a bit of a way. I'm going to go here. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, gosh. Maybe he got it. Man, he is just... You see, what is it percent on the pull again? The George River. But 7.9 percent actually went up again. 7.9 percent are upset because they're not upset. But they're what it maybe they are upset. Somebody I trust a day like a lot. They like him a lot. Okay? Which means I think that the fact that he's possibly done with the mayor makes them feel better with both of themselves. I'm sorry. Come swing. You're a little bit easier. You're a little bit easier by just thinking. That's just a good one. Who's really a guy? You're a good one. You're a good one. I'm sixy. Oh, how are you David? Oh, man. I'm here. And you're dead. It died. I did die off phrase. And the driver around with your pants down in the radio land is a bit. I mean, whatever they shiny feet isn't caution any. Yeah. Do always have a good boy. Well, I'm writing down the law. What's it for? From just going on? I don't bet. They would pay by the boy. And they're going to capitalize on my quick thing. They can never get in. I brought up a reaction. See? It's like figure out who you're so. You're going to have a son. Excuse me. I'm in the middle of a show here. Go. What a wonderful show it is. What did I just want to get in? Oh, the payroll has authorized payments by the boy. Who is this? The rest of each reason. Yeah. It was every boy. You get an entire book. It's a wonderful value. A really cool part. You know, we couldn't get those. You know, my uncle collected Raleigh, 2000s entire life. And what do you get with him? And I earn love. No. There's a math and location to each redemption center in the back of these books. Okay. And you'll excuse me for a moment. I'm going to put my fist through the wall. Oh, my guess. Yeah. You're a hell. Well, go be here. Here we are. Me has some age-free, Stanford Diction Center. You got to read out. Oh, you know what? It didn't like to come to me. That's the deal. Why did you get out of the house? I'm going to sit on a map. Just bug me in a place. Just like you can't have been in this place. And how many years might that be? I think it's a double-shadow. I thought that was a double-shadow. I thought that was a double-shadow. You can see everybody's in there. You can see it's a little bit strange. It's not that big. But it's a double-shadow. Everybody home. Everybody in there. You know who I am? I'm a little bit patient and close to the glass door. See everybody's in sight. No. Close to the glass door. I was a little close. I did like that. I thought that was a double-shadow. I thought that was a double-shadow. It's so close. But I don't see where I think that. I'm 33 for both. We got 13 minutes. Can we do it? It's 6.6 and 13 minutes. It's like 5 minutes. That's no one. That could be done. If they hop on that pull real quick. Hop on our pull please. This guy's dead. The US Supreme Court overturned the convention. And let me just also say this. Are you looking at that green thing on our web page there? I'm looking at it on our homepage. And under Dropbox. You see what it says? It says zero. Now Josh Converify. He can back me up on this. Last week we were getting like especially toward the end of the week. But we had the real big problems. Facts is up the Ying Ying. Oh, gee. This is a think he's dropping out. We're getting calls about it. We get to the, we're going to get to the entire show today. We know Dropbox. Thanks again to our engineering staff and the past training people over there. And we had any facts in. But we're listening online and sure is a pleasant release. No one drop us. And we had that. No. See? See what I mean. Well, something good happens. Well, we give it to you for free. Nothing. Just take it for granted. Anyway, the US Supreme Court is over to the Congress of Black Deaths or when made. Who said Texas prosecutors unfairly status you were with whites. Usually, you know, harsh reviews of the state that actually used more people than any other. That's because they like to choose life as their former governor. And her president says in our fat as governor, always choose life. Right. Except when we're talking about Terry and her. What did that call up in her face or what? They six to three ruling Monday or today new trial for Thomas Miller L. That's Miller. That's Miller. Miller L. Who challenges this conviction for the 85 murder of a 25 year old Dallas, one tell curve. It was the second time. Just as we view the case after a lower court refuse to reconsider Miller L's claims. The 50 West Circuit Court of Appeals and the Worldings was wrong to be a convicted by a state court and led to the strong evidence of prejudice during Joyce selection. Justice said the state courts conclusion that the prosecutors Bracks of people from the jury pool was not originally determined as shown up as wrong to a clear and convincing degree. The state courts conclusion was unreasonable as well as a Roni is just a state of suit of work for the majority. He noted that the blackress were questioned more aggressively about the death penalty. And the pool was shuffled at least twice by prosecutors. Apparently to increase the chances whites would be selected. They were shuffled on it. If we join by Justice's Stevens, O'Connor, can it be with Bitter Ginsburg and Stephen Fryer, who is still much of a lot of a nice cream? The prosecutors chosen reasonable reasons for the strikes do not hold up and are so far at odds with the evidence that pretext is the fair conclusion indicating verdicts from ladies and gentlemen, the police were meant to deny, wrote, at least two of the jury shovels conducted by the state make no sense except as efforts to delay consideration of black jury panelists suit a reddit, saying that it blinks reality to deny jurors were struck because they were black. Since capital punishment was reinstated in compassionate conservative Texas in 1976, Texas is executed over one through to the more than 900 people put it up in the whole country in the USA. How do you like that? That's a compassionate conservatism again. Yeah. Yeah. Choose life. Choose life, especially Terry Andrew. Here, other than that, let's start frying, let's spring them up. Speaking of the string, college park moral and this is kind of bizarre. School officials are withholding a 17 year old voice diploma for wearing a Bolo tie under his graduation grant a gown. Do you fairly? Are you like that? Okay. I don't get it. Thomas, being a city prefers the string Bolo ties over traditional not-advised to reflect his American Indian heritage. But officials from a racejamer done a high school in silverware Washington said they weren't to beforehand that a Bolo violated the dress code for the event held Wednesday, last Wednesday, for about 250 students. The Bolo was not considered by the staff to be a tie, so Katie O'Malley Simpson, a spokesman for the Charles County Schools. We have many opportunities throughout the U.S. press cultural heritage, but we don't do that at graduation. But in the city, never thought as the plum was at stake and were a Bolo anyway. I didn't feel that I should change my heritage for an hour and a half to wear an actual tie to show respect for an amateur when any respect to me. He said, these spokeswoman said the school will give them his diploma, but they hasn't set up a meeting to receive it. They're going to give it to them. That's what he's afraid of. The boys' parents said they're considering legal action. Good. So they're asked, his mother, Marsha Benja, can you believe it? Said to the long history of the news being pushed around and added, if the edges stood up for himself, he would have been part of the problem of native Americans between this place. You go, guys. Now, what do we go so far? We've got a shot, you think? We've got a shot, give me a second. Can you concentrate just called it on the bad line? Said we've got a shot. 958 and we got 9 minutes. I got a good one. Well, you got a 96, you want already? Can we do it? Put your pedal to the metal, baby. We need 39 votes in 9 minutes. And of course, if we don't get it, we'll just carry over in so midnight. What do you try to support? It's really a support. It's a boost when you find something to control your domain. This is G Gordon Littie, and they don't come any worse than new Roger. It's 30 a.m. Yes, well, I ran in Lincoln, gasor credit, I drove up in the hill. And one of these shirts, and it recalls how, if that been well, it's the longest, it's me chea-ed. And what a weirdo, followed my map of Starhouse, and it's a nice sandwich, I'm just seeing me. Sitting on her front porch was, mentally and a darling. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I walked up like a mule heard. Hey, do I know you? And I saw her hesitate. Hey! But the cold thorns started working, and for her, it was too late. For her in my car, and for the rollover with no down. Now she watched my queen and her, and I gave her crown. Took the stupid crown off me. And I've got Angelina to me, and my basement. I've been busy, and I think I'd keep her there with me. And she'll catch her red hand. And I can't wait for her to keep her mind. I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement. And I think that's a thing, but how long does for life is with Angelina Joly and my basement? Let's keep her with her. Watch it, surprise. And I'll call her and man in, but I bet you give your message. And her, and her hand, her hand, her hand, her hand. You'll need a chony locked down in your basement. I don't have a question for my dog. I don't have a question for my dog. I'm done with this. Don't hurt pressure. I've heard your dog, but I've got a question. I've got a question for no one in the basket. OK, once or few, another video is, I'm a cook in my lunch already, and my flavor wave I've all tried to look to my quote, am I oven? All right. I'm going to be a halogen heating. Here's the thing, because I'm pretty sure you're going to grab guys, things are going to show up today and Reven's too. OK. Let me just get it's important. Anybody answer who buys one? Two things go discover. As you use it, number one, be sure and turn it in the off position before you list the cooking part of it up off the rack, otherwise it burns. Otherwise you're going to get burned. I don't want to get blamed for like first-second-four-fifth and eight-oh-reburns. And the number two, when you've done using it, pull off that plug. Because when you hear the beep, you set it and forget it. I mean, I'm sorry, Ron. I'm sorry Ron. Send it and walk away. And it means it's done. It's written down. But it stays in like a warming position. So I say it's continuing to cook while I even have to the beep. I say, got it? Just explain it actually, because the directions like a lot of these things you buy off TV directions are not, could be better. See what I'm saying? I say it. But the unit itself could not be better. I'm making my burger on there right now. My Chee burger. I'm not a robo, Jimmy Buffett. Jimmy Buffet. I'm having a burger buffet, which is kind of like a... Anyway, who buys bits this thing? Somebody on the O'Presis who I like a lot? Go Mar 165. And you know what? I still don't like him. How do you like that? Nured. Trophy, little mirror. I... I... I just don't like those kind of people, you know? I mean, not personal, but I just can't stand him. And of course, a couple of 137. Steve at Andy 87, George W. 78, 7.8 percent. Randy Roast 64, 455, Charlie 52, 10 Floyd, 45. Mohour David in 38. Mel Gibson 34. Jerry Sanfield 31. A Tom Hanks 28. The Pope 22. Paul and O'Donnell are on 20. Alfredton got 16. Spencer Christy 16. Defoe 14. And everybody else they don't come. Bye bye. What a toast to the inter-teen. He's the real Rogers mid-day. I don't know how it's portraying with my... He's got a thousand four bucks. I don't know what's on his hand. Guys, I'm coconut.