But Paul number. Yes, now. Yes. Hello, we said again. Terry Shavos did. She died. I had the other. I had the over. Just this moment. I'm dying on the hands. That was our poll today. The poll is other than politicians who's death. You most eagerly await. Yeah. And interesting. Well, actually we just edging our jury. Follow us and proving who said that. He is condition went from critical to serious. Well, guess what? When you don't mess with our poll, man. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, she was leading the poll and all of a sudden that was it. They only have to worry about that. You. Any more. And I'll follow. Well, he's invited a fault. He's moved to the time. Don't mess without a jury. And don't mess with. No, no, no, no. Who? No. Now, well, what's that story all about? I had a couple of sparring for it. Of course, it's good cause personal buddy. The Greek man continuing to run around the building and spreading this content and crap everywhere he goes. But the stories are all of it. A building that there was kind of a tie rate. I didn't hear it because I raised out of here to go to Woodline right at two yesterday. Yeah, that a good day. I am here at either. But, evidently, there was quite a tie rate about the man thing to be called by my real name. My name is Howard David L. You see, it's one thing to get along and try to coexist in that spine. And that's what we ought to be doing. But the fact that a matter is that when you had this selective sense of humor, or one day it's okay and it's amusing and then, actually, it's not. And it's just too much of a hard ass man. Let's hear her down. It's one thing to take it off, but let it down. I don't really pay much attention. Whatever the other crap don't pay much attention. I thought I blew that on there. You kidding me? Oh, that. Yeah. Or are you kidding? I'm just trying to fight this. I got the crud. Yeah, me too. So, only I'm successfully. You see how much better I surrounded him get my voice back. I've got it today. You know what it is? Well, I don't know what it is there, but here it's a change of season. I can say what it is. Here, the beast came in two days ago with it. No, yeah. He likes to spread it around. Yeah. That's what clearance told me. So, there was a tie raider yesterday. I'm an L.A. About, uh, I didn't hear it. I'm just piecing together the, maybe we would be the spiral port when we started taking our calls. I have no idea. I came in your so early that I didn't see anybody today. So, you know, I mean, you know, as far as cold is this thing, that's fine. I promote everybody's show and I know you do, but I don't know if you do. I guess you do. Yeah, well, there you go. I'll try to let it go. That doesn't mean we all love each other like crazy. All of my thinking most cases, we all like each other a lot. But in most cases, but not necessarily. I mean, when you do evil things to people, I mean just evil nasty, hateful, rotten, non-execable things. And then, expect everybody just to forget about it. Just, is that going to happen? Is this, you know, this isn't going to happen. Be like, Scott Peterson's wife of Lacy came back now. She could just come back for a day and he would expect her to like embrace and love him. You know, probably wouldn't happen. Well, now he's gone to the slam. Robert Blake is out. Michael Jackson, I guess that'll surface back to the top again. What are the media going to go nuts about now? I don't know. Well, I guess they'll go nuts about whether she's cremated or not. That's the next big story. Yeah, nobody cares about that. That's what I mean. It's all we're not suggesting to say. And Jesse Jackson couldn't say her. You know, what's he going to do now? Well, he, I guess he'll go nuts about that. I have a question. I always have a question for you. Yeah, I notice. Do you think they paid to him to come in? They usually get to an honor area more every week. I wouldn't surprise me, release paid as expenses. It kind of reminds me of O.J. and I got a term at that time. We're certain people paid for his expenses to come in even though I demanded that he not be anywhere near there and not to have anything to do with it. And I was lying to him. And they paid his expenses. They threw him in from California. And evidently, no, blind and dying and put him up to the whole deal. That was a really like that. Yeah. Well, maybe I'm, and you're on the way to your mind to me, as to because, you know, it's more up your alley anyway with the sports thing, but a bunch of on the cockman and the black coaches who are having, he became a professional, militant black is what he became. I suppose to a real, you know, all around the tournament. He became just a professional black. Everything he turned into a black and white issue, including the O.J. trial and including Michael and everything else. That's the one thing I had against him. Or he defended P. Diddy. Diddy. Diddy. Now that's two things I have against. P. Diddy. Yeah. Now just P. Diddy. Don't forget what he said. If it doesn't fit your full of shmit. All right. Well, so it's very high. I was gone. And let me ask you this. What happened to Marsha Clark? I was channel surfing last night in our close personal friend. Uh-huh. Lonely $50. He, uh, he had his second Johnny cockman panel on here. And he had Chris Darden and Marsha Clark on there. What the hell did he even have a makeover? She had a miracle. I haven't seen her. All of a sudden, she's a blind. She's got a different head of different ways of different bodies. He's like, uh, I don't know what that's all about. Maybe she's trying to score. Oh, Chris Darden was on there. That was the rumor. Don't you remember? Yep. Chris Darden now lives and I just read an article about him about two weeks ago. I think he lives in North Carolina someplace and, yeah. He kind of walked away from that trial or ruined man. Now I can't imagine why they should get a really effective job on that. Yeah. They did great job. There wasn't all day head was the DNA evidence and the glove and the witnesses. Everything else. But, uh, you know, don't confuse him with the facts. Hey, they never write your read. Sometimes that happens. Mm-hmm. It's always a good sign when somebody gives the black power salute at the end of evening the verdict. That's always a good sign. That trust is his own job. Fuck up one for our side. Absolutely. Well, so you went to, uh, wood vine yesterday and yesterday and a good time we said by all. I was going to number four digits. It was just fine. Okay. Yeah. Four digits is always a good day. Yeah. And I almost didn't even grant. I usually don't like to talk about a mouse. But, yeah, that's a nice number. Do you get the black spray clippin up there? What do you mean by that? No. No, but they didn't see they don't tax winnings here. Lottery winnings. Yeah. I don't know. There's no taxes. You just get a lump sum they pay you can't. You mean if the lottery is 2 million dollars, you get 2 million dollars? That is absolutely correct. And by the way, a lot of was 9 million. The last night I got 65 bucks. But anyway, uh, yeah, you get the whole amount. There's no-no-no-no games, no taxes. If it's 15 million, you get a check for 15 million. Of course it's Canadian, so it's only 83 cents an hour. But you know what I'd say good. Yeah, it's better than being taxed. Right. It's very 40% getting the ink down. Yeah. I, uh, think that I'm looking at a poster my retirement. There you go. And I've been the wizard of the other man. I've been the wood vine I did like it. And the very soon within the next few months, they're going to have full gaming there too. They're going to have, you know, crafts and blackjack and wood, like the whole deal. I've actually been there a couple of times. So one time I was there for the breederscuffs. And I'd like to. I'd like to. I'd like to. Of course, you don't think they're going to get it. But if the tracks there and Broward. Oh, and how about this thing? And did county would a miscrewive the vote count again, huh? On that? On the last five elections, voting is six. I'm sorry. I voted. Let's just found in six recent elections. And now they, the pro, slot people are demanding a re-election, a new election in the day county. Because it's usually screwed up. Yeah, you were around when a metro rail thing was going on. You know the basics. I mean, usually in the election in day county that wasn't fixed. And I'll show you a miracle and aberration. Well, there's never anything in day county that hasn't been there. Okay, it's going on in the York too. I've been reading about having, you know, the mayor there is trying to push through the West Side Stadium. And they had a bidding process where the goons who won't mass and square garden outbid the jets. And yet they were saying that the jets are going to get it anyway because the mayor, you know, wants this and the people don't want it. He's going to do it anywhere. Anyway, so it doesn't matter where you live. That's very follow. Just pass carry on our pool. I guess it's probably a reason for that. I guess well, we don't have to end. And of course, this wasn't a cool thing. I'm assuming that we're eagerly awaiting it. So we can get it over with already in stopping bomb barter with this madness. Jesus enough is enough for that. You crap already. Yeah. Well, it's something to have a nice queue of toothpaste. But that's probably the only queue concerned about it. This point. Although in England, they do call the, they call the subway. You don't say in London. They have the tubes and the good go from New Jersey to Manhattan. Well, how do you like that? The tube. Tube. Everybody's got them. Tube. The Hudson tube. Is that what they call the Hudson tube? Yeah. We'll be doing a little bit of a big for Terry. You know, something to say to brought here just a couple of water from the Hudson River where they have the best water in America. Maybe in the world. Yeah. Hudson River. I wonder why that is? Why the Hudson River has the best water in the world. Yeah. Why do water is so fuel and clean there. You think what all they've eaten generates around there? I don't know what that's all about. I don't know what that's all about. So, it's a little bit of water in the canals and ants. I guess it would be pure with all those ships coming in and out of there. You ever see the canals in the, the, the water is pure, the earth's brown. Yep. Ooh, it is lovely. Yeah. All the weed goes in there. Yeah, it must be it. Or something. Yep. Well, listen, have a great day now. What are you going to do this afternoon? You're going to go out in the wind couple of hours and one. I'm going actually going out there today for production meeting because I'm doing a little bit of a sudden. But I don't think I'm going to play the horses there. I'm just going to be, yeah, right. I'm not kidding. I don't have any interest. Right. I believe you. In fact, I've kind of whizz off horse betting. Yeah, me too. I don't, I don't play the horses when I go out there. I'm going to get into healthier pursuits. Yeah. Slots. Have a great day. You too. Very shallow dead. She got me. She got me. I'm going to play the horses. I'm going to go with her. But you ain't let go again. I get down the heat. But you'll be better when I see her back in front of the heat. But you'll let go again. For the generation's lead. We're all in happy, happy, happy, happy, happy. We're all in happy. True with us won't be alone. And that's we for all. We're all in happy. They're dangling the time of time. But no net for the end. They're the top of the beautiful sea. We're all in the net for the end. But we need to pay the day to day. We're all in happy, happy, happy, happy, happy. Let's happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy. Don't let the show go. We're all in happy, happy, happy, happy, happy. We need to pay the day to day. We need to pay the day to day. We need to pay the day to day. We need to pay the day to day. We need to pay the day to day, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy. Last day of March. Terry Chavo went ahead and screwed up all our plans. Now I'm going to leave around there though. Just for kicks. What? Did you kick it? No. Terry Chavo has died. Look at these people did you see that in the end of the guy with a beard hold them up the sign look like he just came down the river from Aintree I'll scroll down in chapter Obo Dane handwriting. Oh man, and now look look at this Yeah, I got the first thing in there reading from the Bible and they're having nervous breakdown all Six them those looks like Gideon Bible, and they're all matching Oh, they're lonely. They got those nice red Cubs right blood red. Yeah blood red. Well, there's a lot of blood in that book. I'll tell you that A lot of sickness and murder and mayhem and intolerance and hate look at these people They look like they look like and the wall is on passions like that's or lady Wow So Terry Shavos did and I'm sure a lot of you people are just as relieved as all the rest of a same people are See this this could have this is the way to go on without all the media hysteria And then they could have just put this thing on there right now. She died and that would have been it And you notice what's the public opinion poll start to come out with 82 and 85% of American public Saying hey you idiots in Congress and fat ass governor and all these other people and and you're a nut-job president You made a bad mistake all of a sudden they said oh, well, I would know more we can do. Yeah, right right now I had these stories and the story I'll set here Supreme Court again We just please we story Terry's feeding Chew but I guess it's kind of a mood point now isn't it I don't even know those right no more Terry stories. Thank God boy The hospice for oh half an hour here and there and And so as a result Jerry Falwell's moved at the top of our list let's get to yesterday's poll first why and maybe we'll get a sparring port on that Mo business because like I said I got into my cab my regular driver wished me out of here right at two yesterday Not that would have been anyway, but evidently there was quite a tie rate there at least that's the report We're getting from some of these super trouble making yenthis in the building out of one of my chin Robert and the beast by name But that seems to have occurred yesterday right at two o'clock about my real name is Howard David and you see on the one who suggested that we try You know as soon as I heard that crap about three weeks ago about the train monkeys and all this crap Starting all over again like it wasn't the beginning when he first came on a station being at war with me and everybody else And I suggested to some of the intermediate plenkeys at V that that probably wasn't really a good idea That especially after all the trauma that the station has been true because I envisioned a repeat of all that crap again And I just I just don't have the appetite for it. I don't think you I don't know But I don't think the audience does either enough enough of that crap already But I mean, you know to get curious to such a degree that all of a sudden now we're on I'm very formal notice and we're gonna call by your real You know How you like this I want to be called Nelson from L on how do you like that? Mo I want to be called by my real name not yeah You're probably not kind of crap as you know crushed the old temper metal cranky I'm tired of them. I'm really sick and tear and I've been out of people out there too Because when we get to the result from yesterday is cool It's not a very pretty picture made that's what said him off the deep in him and you know the day before we took to pull about the morning Who did this pull had nothing to specifically with him in fact that had more to do with the mad dog You know when that four to seven but the whole afternoon I didn't hear Hank it no, I'm not a shape. I mean who knows your rose could have done very very well I'll wait didn't Hank the pants off of him and mow could not great on here But he didn't that's the point it wasn't personal it was business and you're taking it personal No, so while I can say is go go go go go yeah, grow up already cranky old child Give us spoons so it give my rattle and a spoon so you can bang the spoon on top of the top of the board there all the time You know I mean right over little kid Little nasty he full rotten little spoiled brat kid And like that kind of like yeah like that Oh, he doesn't want that either I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. What is I don't want I got a fork here Hey, we're gonna eat well for him WKWA is fine line. Hello Well, I probably got through yes, sir Neol God let me ask you the question how sorry do one of them yes. He's dying over there He'll die You know one of the things that I wanted to try to get through to you on over the last month of this or deal on all the talking head shows Yeah, not once did I ever hear somebody ask a panel by the way guys What would you want in this condition? Would you want to say a life to 30 years or 20 years or whatever? They never answer the question. No, you're wrong. I did hear that ask you get your ass Yeah, I do have to connect this to This something has to seem a little bit ridiculous and for you Yeah, I know that you love ice cream. Have you seen these gov ice cream pints? Yes, that had the chalk on our top. I'm not I'm a true with ice cream I'm done. I'm all real it because I was gonna say you know the one way to prove where the theory was a conscious And I just just stick a pint of agave those in front of a thing Yeah, you know something I think I'm gonna put that in my will I'm gonna my own living will and if they hold up a leader of nestle's turtle in front of my face And I don't respond at that point they can go to excellent Okay, thanks, paling that's the test good idea Ten 14 I'm undone because I was back to 1992 I lost their four pounds. I actually good doctor 196 at one point there a couple days ago And that's probably why I like where can't talk and I'm like definitely ill l and peon bugger name But that's what I see I'm beyond my plane weight when you're giving over a certain way that can't fun I see no seriously. I know I've seen it happen over the years. I can't I function if I get a Zero I like my body starts shutting down so as much as I love ice cream I love life a little bit better I don't want those people on the pole who sing my own life from Moe don't turn back enough again. Yeah, just relax Moe. Okay. We were happy to have you as part of the family if we must you know And yeah now promote the hell out of your show But just relax Moe is not a I don't see anything wrong with us humorous. It's amusing using the music. Can't. What is wrong with that child? But some would yell at you. I'm dying out of here. You're fair. Goodbye, Shavo. It's about time you go in. I'll believe you will have to find more subjects for their BIMBOA for this history. Instead of you that we can use. They'll find a new rule they find. Like the one about the naked man who was a military and refuse to ever come back down. HOO! That diet's really worked great. You lost a lot of weight. But had me threshold tea. But that's a terrible thing. I'll put you kiss your boo boo. That's all I'm waiting for. There's a bottle of fresh red blood. Let's give those a few. They'd like to make your battle day wild. They'd be dead. They'd be dead. Of a... It's 10. That's 5. It's 16. It's 12. Anyway, we got BIMBOA number one on our BB curtain today. That's what I'm saying. That's not a name. We don't have a name. What do you mean? It's a make right. It's pretty amazing to me. BIMBOA number one. And also the boo in the box. They're a pack of food and his package. And a package. Right. So you got the bonus boo and you got the bonus BIMBOA. And yeah, I see what I'm thinking. And I could be wrong because I know there are a lot of people. They're just obsessed with celebrity. But if I see somebody that I think is really great. Look, and I don't think if their famous or not, it makes any difference. You all know what I know you're saying. If I'm not a Uber over somebody, it doesn't make a bit of difference. If anybody knows who they are or their name or shoe size, it's of no consequence. So I think it's a really great idea that we all kind of put our heads together. And also right now to other pictures. To put a bunch of no name BIMBOA's on here who look really sensational. I think audience will drew and, of course, pretty odd. And as we come across new pressure to look right, as we can. But it's got to be something really good. Yes, there's a slight somebody on your because their famous, even though they look like crap. Yeah, it's not a really pubic service. Here's the results. The yesterday's pool, 1767 votes, which at ease applies to your afternoon listening habits. Radio listening to the seven and a PM. I listen to Mad Dog, not Mo. 478. Don't listen to QM after 230. 3O. I listen to era america, and he had 229. But that's just, oh, that leaves me limp. Oh, I listen to Mo and Mad Dog, 198. I like her good BIM and a PM, 127, and of course, what rational person would not. Don't listen to radio after 210. I listen to NPR and a PM, 96. Listen to something else in a PM, 91. I listen to 7ID and a PM, 83, how's that? I listen to music radio and a PM, 81. I listen to Rush in a PM. 23. Rush. And I listen to Mo, not Mad Dog, 21. So it's kind of interesting. If you're looking at the bookings of the pool, I listen to Mad Dog, not Mo, 478. I listen to Mo and not Mad Dog, 21. Although listening to both of them, 198, which is a number we're grateful for. That's this point. You know what I'm saying? Don't go, don't go, don't go. I'm sure you do. So that's that. I wonder if we're going to get any scary ports on that or not. I mean, I could, you know, kill some time and see if we will or not. And I noticed that somebody who always claims to be right on top of everything, he's got the flashing lights. How come the Fudge Report don't even have the story? Huh? A lot of no. No, listen. Miss Fudge, you must be busy. Okay. She must be having a few of her boyfriend's over for a little team. Trumpets. But praying for time and it shows the picture again, a little kid there with his big fat parents. A court reject Shabbos' parents last at your appeal in the praying for time. There is absolutely nothing here about the fact that she died, which is over half an hour ago. And this guy that always claims to be, you know, on top of all of the stories and John Kerry's girlfriend and Bill Clinton and Monica, you know, all the other crap, you know, some of it. A little bit of a true and a lot of it often just be yes. But here's a, probably, but the number one story in the world right now when you think of the New Year earthquake, you think, right? When you think, you would think, at least in the US, a, at least in North America, number one story with all the media hype and his story. It's been going on day after day after day about portarian her. And her. Yeah. And I'm looking here. I'm refreshing it. I'm clicking it. She must be taking a cat nap. That embarrassing. I mean, if you're, if you claim to be like the number one source for all the hot information on the inside, scoop it all the number one hot, I don't care if he gets 80 billion hits on that website. It's, you know, you're full of crap, Miss Fudge. And even if he did put it on, or he'd probably be fudge and so on. But anyway. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy? Pretty good, pal. Hey, we all knew a Shribo or Shribo. Shribo? Yeah. I was wondering if George can check something out for me. I heard in Mitch Heckberg, Dyeblatt. He died. He's a great comedian. Josh told me. Oh, he, he, he, yeah. Oh, dad. Yeah, friend of mine called me. He was actually going to play it or wedding. Leave it or not. No, I guess I got no. Unless I can't really die in wedding. Q. I have to get red button. There you go. I will thank Neil. I just wanted to check. Maybe I'm trying to do anything on that day. Give me the hat off somewhere. Okay. I'm tapping. Green Jackie, please. What do you think? Yeah. I don't know how to go around. So our poll today other than politicians. Because if I put the politician on there, you know, we know what you'd be doing. And it's just, you know, we don't need any of that. Other than politicians who's death, you most eagerly await. Now Terry was in the lead there for quite a while. The Terry and Jerry show. But now of course, now how the mighty a fallen. She's kind of slid down. Is that important for taste to say that she's slid down? Yes, for taste. Well, like I said, she's kind of slid down. Because he's already dead. And the poll says other than politicians who've death, you most eagerly await. Now I grant you that's in very poor taste. And that's why it belongs and they show. Because this show is we got our way to be in poor taste. Let's see. 292 votes. Jerry fall. Well, once we announced that Terry had died and she has. Jerry passed her like she was laid down. All right, you're. I was going to say standing still, but she was not seeing an am still standing in that case. Jerry 125, very fall. Well, now we've got to work on him. Although Hank has some very depressing news there that he's been upgraded from critical to serious fall well. But one never knows. Especially with all of him heavy rings of fat in or around his head and around cattle and can imagine everywhere else. Yeah, nice fat board. Looks like a little miss muffet. Follow 125. Terry, shy of 83 recipes are IP. I wonder if they're going to bury her. You. And the box, you think? They're going to clean me to two. That's Michael wants your clemenet, which I think is a fine way to do it. And then, of course, these getch fees, they keep sticking their nose in there. Don't they understand? Don't think it's a message. They aren't in control of her. See, your parents don't own you. I know that comes as a shock to the shindlers. Your parents don't own you. You're not a position. Once you get to be 18 and you're in adult, you go out on your own and you live your life. And if you have to get married, your spouse has the legal rights to make these decisions. But not in their family. But in any rate, that's a deal. So she's going to be cremated. You can bet somebody's life on it. Terry says, you are the trouble. Make your if I had a large bulging. Oh, this is from Robert Gruper. What is? If I had a large bulging eyes like you, I'd come in and do my show. I'll leave the people on your station off your poles. Why do this? You're constantly doing this mean spirit and pull on. Well, what's mean spirit about the pole? We did the pole yesterday or the day before and then Hank beat the crap off of Joe Rose. We put everybody on there from all the station. What's mean spirit about it? It's a very, they'll be like saying the arbitron. What do you keep taking these surveys? It's mean spirit. Because some people come out not doing so well. I'd dearly agree this on here because the truth is. Oh, sign, Gary, maybe it's Gary Sarner. Every single day you have something mean to say about Howard. Why can't all I see? Why can't you do you show without him? I guess Howard is you show. He had no show without Howard. Yeah, that's true. No show before he came to Tom. How did I ever get to those other 26 years without that? He just crawled and scraped and you know. Oh, I see. It says, Mo is a big time. The devil is what this one says. He was complaining yesterday about his back pain. In one instance, he said maybe his back pain was from carrying dead weight on his morning show. Are you serious? Well, he, well, the back pain must have been why he was in a sorely mood. I'm sure we just, the temporary aberration. Right. But how did he be between him and guilty? Well, and other than to say that he said, the like poison, I think that kind of sums it up. The guilty will not say anything about Mo on the year. It seems as if sooner or later, everyone is affalling out with the moment. That's correct. Why is greed for the only one that Mo has no problem with? That's not true either. It's just that no one wants to be the one who inherited that spot. And he stuck there. By the way, something was. Yes. By the time we come back from this break, I will have to begin the show. Cute up for you. Oh, hey, show? Yeah, yes. Also, the level when you rip Mo, bring back scurly Mo. Okay. I said, I'm from Brooklyn. I'm from the street. I come from where we fight or turn our backs. Oh, that's what Mo Howard said. Where have you seen you? Oh, reference to my poli yesterday. Well, what does that mean? It says the best 20 minutes of radio I've heard in a long time. Thanks Mo. And then it says, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Michael from Davy. I have no idea what that means. It's a poll. Okay. How do we know how it was going to come out? You idiot? Good. God. I mean, I was just started a fight over a poll because he came out. Look at him like crap. Like that's my fault. Oh, those are your people. Man, I must be at my train monkeys. I forgot about that. You clown. You civil the new. Don't do it. He just had his back was acting up. But we'll hear what he had to say. Rogers got a call here. No, but one of the rated didn't know how it had happened. It is home. He's the good and my ass for a hint. Oh, no. I don't even know how you have children. They're above. Hello. I want your take on J.P. Oh, J.P. J.P. Is a great court of I cannot good you. I like J.P. J.P. Oh, well, not to mention he's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah. He's got to be careful with you. See you. Oh, J.P. Thank you, Ma. No, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. I have nothing else to say. How about this? I was going down there in the mirror, Ma. I'm the right and the street, Ma'am. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, wait. By the way, sir. No, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over. I'll break. How's that, man? Hold the tank, Peter. Tell us that. Wait, wait. Wait, wait. Wait, wait. The only call we have is- The same sign you know. There's growing again. Oh, go, go, go. I'm going. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Oh, God. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Or, oh, God. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Oh, God. God, God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. My mouth will walk high and I want to know the truth And I'm here at the sea A road map of Yipza land sea Yipza land sea I'm waiting for my shi-yai I know clothes once I'm this steep Almost every day I die And my veins suddenly start to go I had to know it and I enjoyed the story Yeah I've got my top all the back And I've got my top all the way to the old barn And I know clothes once I'm this steep And I'm this steep And I'm top all the way to the sea And I'm trying to understand what we're doing I know you're not having a sea Boy boy boy You're fair man Boy boy Boy boy Boy boy What up What up Okay 26 to 11 at 5, 16, every queue Let's add the summer a name to that pool by the way I got one for you What about him? Hey now, see how you pile on? Good, oh yeah listen I changed my whole attitude And I haven't even heard that tapioid that we're going to play I haven't even heard it yet But if that's what this man wants If that's all he can assist of Is that every time somebody calls him Or looks at him cross We're going to go back into open warfare again Hey I have no problem with that bring it on Say whatever to anyone Okay about the train monkeys And about everybody else is responsible for Every time you get a crane call or about your favorite Or whatever it's going to be But I'm a street fighter And then we already go through that crap It's interesting that all the numbers Street fighter from a flat Fighting what? Because we took a pool and you don't like a way to turn out See I got to be honest with you I'm the one that's really sick and tear to be And playing for everybody else's figures But there was on Zeta What are with the Chuck Meyer Voring Morning News Show Every time somebody fails somehow it's my fault That's the thing that's amazing to me Where are you going to accept it? In about five minutes I'm not I'm not going to accept it It's much a crap because Nothing I have learned in this business If people like your show If they like the music this station is playing They're going to listen Or they don't care what anybody else says about it They don't look to me to tell them where to listen No no no they'll do what you say They'll like what you tell them Right And like I just said the other day We'd like to have you listen 24 or seven Because it means more ratings bonus money for all of us And that's what we would really like in an ideal situation for us But obviously it doesn't work that way That's what we would like put them on there Put him on a pool I'm going to put this thing in Oh sorry What was that? That's the audio that Well, let's hear it Ready for it. Okay, I'm ready for it Machine and it's like this is feeling like You're feeling vibration Now I know what you're doing with the vibration I know this is what I'm laying face down Right Right Right It's not just feel like better And so I got the pain out of my back Then the pain in the next starting All over again I'm driving here listening to meals poll And I'm thinking myself this is curious Because what was it about a month ago Manage been said you know we want everybody in a nice arm Moody is Atmospheric I'm here And I'm not figuring Okay I'm game I think it's a good idea Think we should Respect one another I think we should promote one another I think we should do what's right From a team standpoint for the station Because you are right in the right Then I hear about meals poll And I'm thinking of myself Hmm This is how we're going to unite By wondering which applies here Afternoon listening habits Listening to Mad Gorgon Mall Now he is the beginning If you want to start Then you would dress me by my actual name That's some other fictitious name That's the key to that Fee team guy First of all not addressing you How do you like that? So envelope Here's the pitest So you pick headed train monkeys That don't understand There we go Maybe percent of you don't have enough of a brain Because you listen to what somebody else tells you How to think You drink the cool lady Because you're not very smart Thank you Jim Jones The only people in the problems of people You're not going to learn your brain And the poll The way you want it to come out You're arranging in order of the way you want to see I think you do listening to anything Oh that is easy And the one you don't want to come out of you is read the bottom Sounds like my favorite book How do I assist it? Exactly So it's called mental menipulation Really And the more things change The more they stay the same I think your income plays about the more And the more you even say Of management to what this kind of an arrangement You are kidding yourself Right It could happen from here Out But it ain't never going to happen from out in It ain't never going to happen You are kidding yourself Not upset about it Because I've long passed the being And said it I know he because I'm cranky today And backers That must be You've decided to even go on this direct I've got a little less direction Because One of those that doesn't believe You're your laundry out on the radio Yeah That doesn't seem to be the way you do things around here You're your laundry out on the radio That's why we have a dryer Exactly Big dryer too And a lot of paper on the floor To catch all the cracked falls on the floor So having gotten through this And this isn't a rant You notice that I'm not a stericol I'm not upset No, not even yelling But this is Today's another one of those days We are a city itself Why Bible listening You should be saying You should be listening To the guy that follows me Because we want to get good ratings Like I'm supposed to say Who the guy that follows me Mad dog Because we want good ratings Oh, right And I believe in it I sincerely do Because Oh, no, that's why you would mention my name on a year What? We're a team here tonight Continues Yeah Man says Nothing Then you let go back You're very way Enough I see we're a bunch of the Caroline of Panthers Now he's in joke about this thing Great to be out of this video Todd Salbron is a puntar That's it Okay, I think that's it I think we want to talk about Todd Salbron All of us at a similar point I think we're going to have a break Are you putting all this away Here's another insight Fast that we just got from inside the station From a allegedly Danny It says your pulls are set up to make Howard look bad You're listening to a lot of them Follow you in the same thoughts Now listen to the wording of this Mr. Rogers What makes you think that you were like so much At this station You have a lot of the employees We're afraid of you Pretend to like you But they hate you Well, guess what Guess what I'm not on the station to be liked By the people inside the building I'm on the station to be listened to by the people outside the building That's the way the business works And by the way, if you want to have a contest Of who's this like more or hated more by the people inside the building Me or Mo No will contend to re Okay No will contend re I don't have the producers fired I'm going to show the board-ops fired I'm not blaming everybody else If we have a bad trend or a bad book You know you take your responsibility for yourself Or if the pull comes out And how many times let's put me on a pull Put Neo Rogers under to be penny people Vote on that Probably half of the people in the building That's okay, can't wait for me to grow I have no problem with that Because it's a radio show And every single day I sit or I Mo is coming on a two mad dog And for I promote all the shows But if you want me to kiss your ass Or make your cranky because you got a bad back You want to start this train monkey crapp again As if everybody at Gustav's in line The pull wasn't designed to do anything to supply Since the management keeps changing a format every five minutes What the help people are listening to That's all and if you can't take the fact that You know there are a hell of a lot of people that are listening to you But they're two and out for two hours and come back and four Because they want to hear Jim Mandage Hey, I'm sorry, Meddog You're probably gonna be upset I call the Meddog Not that's called a bias real name Jim Mandage I mean what are you gonna grow all the way to with this crankyness in his suck I mean if you want to go back It's strictly up to you sweet heart If you want to go back with a train monkeys And you want to let go of that Yeah because you've already been at war when everybody else in the station From guilty and the beast and even Carolyn got blown off the show and Zack you name it run run down the list try to get George fired Where the hell does it end? And of course we had that we had that convalesive business Which of course is fine finger was deep into that Hey, when I when I released a bomb when I left about you know and and talk about management doing nothing They said back in the along all that take long we almost had a nightmare blow up in our face because of that Because we got a cranky old cool to the man's that he'd be called Guess what your mode that that's the character you become I never heard guilty in fact guilty went to a some club and was singing a song As at least he had a sense of humor about it Give me here and complain about being called guilty. No, no person no in fact I've noticed somebody else is called him then the or a few times now that they're not in lockstep anymore And no, you know, you said here's the fact that says now we have another two watch that's always happened in trees Johnny Terry and question mark L Papa Exclusive This is Randall Terry for the white trash drug addict get me fraud and totally now recognize my Fox news as respect It's both personal and community later. I'd like to say a few words on behalf of my operation rescue you We believe in our rights to take him everybody else is right the way now you accepted Getting these in your heart then you can help with your love give to fifty dollars more I personally send you a list of baby kill and doctors to kill you're free to do so with the law J on your side There was an R news reason Kill him Someone not quite white and rat kill him Hey, I'm feeling one at all in a miserable loser like me You all you got to kill is And do the work of the law once you have accepted jays Hallelujah Terry Shabo dead by the way case you two in a mystery here's a fact that says how about adding Don I'm as please and hopefully he'll take a bodieddle with him Yeah, bodieddle you know who that is I do He's looked to everybody hates about New York is bodieddle anyway. Here's a fact got diamonds Yeah, it says from a while oh I see well thank God for lily says I'm listening to show and loving it I just don't have time to send you a faxes right now. Lyle who's court inside the building also that out of the last four faxes three of them inside the building one of them while So two negative and one positive They hate me and I like that You know what who cares? Hey, because whoever whoever they are guess what the feeding is mutual You know what I mean what do you miss? No, what I'm saying is that the people inside the building that I like I assume like me back And I have a pretty good idea that they do and the people that hate me like poison the feeling like I said is Mutual is used to say when we were king was on over nice. So there's the love there's one there's love Oh, but anyway before you go mo yeah, you know, it's interesting. Remember when we were like in this what? How you doing? What are you talking about there's more stuff on tape? Yeah, yeah, okay, but what I'm gonna let me just say something I'm cool because what's really I'm not because what's really got me frosting is this and he can talk about his bad back And I'm sitting here fighting the larynxitis and getting over this crud from off your all over the weekend But I'm making excuses about that I was prepared to do the show and all of a sudden this blindsided me came out I know we're all this crap about this tire rate and you know, no way It was just fine like I said if he wants to go back to doing that I have no problem with that I think it's really tiresome and old and ponderous, but eventually he wants to play it I have no problem with that But you'll be called very clearly in so well the audience when it came down to like push came to shove And we were going through that whole thing in January for weeks and weeks and weeks when Joyce was terrorizing mad dog And looked like he met go across the street, which would have been the death melt for us believe me And then we're trying to figure out well, let's see we got Hank is in the morning now Neil is back to his old tend to know starting whenever any fear like it and we're trying to get mad dog to do four to seven And who are gonna stick in there two to four remember that right and it came down to like default or Maybe I don't even know who else couple of other names popped up or mo now Who did I suggest? I say ought to be in there doing two to four. No, yeah, I put aside all our personal problems of the past all of this crankiness and his and all the Southern trained monkeys all the Southern insanity all the evil things that he's done so many We become did I couldn't do it between now and midnight because of the fact that I figure well least the guy at that point I've been the door voice of the dolphins He you know have some reasonable not great for reasonable numbers in the morning. He had a couple of pretty good trends and Whatever as opposed to the court ball cracked at default brings to the table, which isn't much I'm just not a big default fan never have been going back to IOD his this stuff on your leaves me really limp Always cornballed humor So I just mentioned that in passing okay because I'm the evil guy I don't want to get along with anybody and I don't promote anybody else if I would have said I guarantee of this even though I don't have much power if I'd have gone to bed for default being in there between two and four guess who it be on between two and four I give up you know damn well who would be? But they're never gonna be any consideration of that It's always and I think that somebody goes up to defend because we're taking a poll and somehow I'm responsible for it I'd pull this turning out how does that work? How does that work? Did I rig it like the big county election did I rig the poll? They know what you want them to though. Oh, yeah, right I forgot to trade and I'm okay How many different times did we take in that kind of pool? What all the four mad changes when stern was on we were taking polls about that? You know it's about the only it's the only browner that we have a fighting out what Dallas going on besides our return Which have they ever given any diaries? Anybody who speaks English and some miracles, so even that doesn't mean too much We like to fight out what Dallas going on with the audience We like to find out if we still got a pulse you know, I mean because we don't have a two now to keep us going Okay, let's hear the rest I can hear back in Marvin Harris and his mentioned in this it's a little fishy Because Marvin Harris and it've been nothing but a model citizen This is up to somebody who are having the lawsuit. I'm hanging this brings me back to my original point that are more you spread Rumors and the more you spread the s Then people that don't have a brain We'll take it and run with it because they're not smart enough to have a opinions of their own Yeah, check with David and Hollywood what do you say David? I'm sorry Yeah, well guess what so do your sister Mmm That's the tackle I'm talking about that's one of the 90% that doesn't have a brain train monkey because they really don't have any brains First of all, dad of brain to be working at two ten in the afternoon 5 670 560 pound 560 on your cell phone question of the day Yeah, a lot of fans of South Florida don't root for the local team. Okay That's it that was worth coming back to that. Oh, it's hard to watch You know something never those calls we had the first hour yesterday We're so sensational we had a whole bunch of them that must have been most thought that must have been most trained pansies Like I call it up with that same you said oh please pull these air. You know if you're gonna do a talk show Especially in this market and on this station and every time you're gonna get a crank call Which we only get about 40,000 every day and I cook like I didn't I just get through saying yes I don't care in the least bit Did I just say that yesterday before I knew all this madness was gonna take place and that's the truth Who cares but you know getting angry and oh my gosh, you're an idiot Yeah, you're so your mama you're just a I it's just to me I just can't deal with it to be honest with I don't know why the man wants to do this I just for the life of me. He had no clue why he wants to do it But it's anyway that's up to him 560 50560 pound five 60 and he Verizon and singular wireless lines in Scating me poor to press an intercomission said that a that America's by agencies were dead wrong A most of their judgments about Iraq's weapons a mass destruction before the war and that the US knows Distribbingly little about the threats posed by many of the nation's most dangerous adversaries The commission called for dramatic change to prevent future failures it outlines 74 recommendations and said Person and push could implement most of them without action by Congress It urged Bush to give broader powers to John Agrapati got forbid the new director of national intelligence They butcher of the Honduras to deal with challenges with authority from the CIA the fence department or other Elements of nations 15s by agencies They call for sweeping changes at the FBI to combine the bureau's counterterrorism and counterintelligence resources in the new office The report implicitly absolves the Bush administration manipulating the intelligence youth for lots of 2003 Iraq war putting the blame for bad intelligence directly on the intelligence community as opposed to the Bush mice To himself totally in conflict with what was said in Richard Clark and any other books that will recall right right So it was the intelligence failure the intelligence agencies and certainly these people the peanut crowd and the Bush mice You're in Rumsfield. They weren't looking just for an excuse to go into a rack and make up all this crap about WMDs and ties to Alkana We all know better, but anyway there it is Sugar coded for you Voting which is found in six recent elections Electronic voting machines tossed out hundreds of ballots that When when how does this ever stop what did he ever gonna stop? Oh, because they ever have a an honest election in Dave County You like trying to voting machines tossed out hundreds of ballots during this month special election on slot machines and Lotion workers have traced the same computer error to five other Municipal elections in the past 12 months raising the red flag and alarmingly high number of so-called Under votes in the March 8 election which only had one end of my no ballot that was a slots at the per Mutuals In parallel day election supervisor Constance Kapplin has said that the incorrectly tabulated under votes would not have affected the outcome of the elections Accounting manager George Burgess wants to review the outcome of five other elections It's disturbing and that's an understatement Burgess told the Harold we have to take our responsibility seriously Every vote needs to be counted adding the Kapplin's woes She faces it in an independent audit of her department demanding from the gambling industry to call a new election And talk that her job may be on the line That's why I played that let's vote again to get a big human to show that let's have another election, okay? Because that had to be bogus Burgess and a blunt member to Mayor Carl Carlos Alvarquez and County Commission has wrote that he found Kapplin's explanation to be inadequate and unacceptable. I'd like that. Unacceptable. It's like most high-rated yesterday But you go, Moe. He said he expects better answers from Kapplin by Friday The problem came glad after review showed a significantly higher proportion of under votes cast on the Ivo-tronic machines that are under votes submitted in Fcd ballots Catholic Road in the memo So it anyway the per mutual people to make a long story short the people behind the slot machine referendum they want a revote in the county But let's let's go for it. Why not not let's vote every day for a couple of months until we get it right Let's see George Steinburner somebody says yeah, we can add a bunch of names on a pool That was originally the idea until we got sidetracked and waited this whole first hour when at Moe on on since I thought there was something really sensational there You know, right now I got into it. Yeah, it's a tough listen. Oh, in other words you went on and on and on Well, you know, he keeps it rejected with all here. We go Danny. Yeah, again just called people by their correct names Who and how do you think you are what George did was worth being disciplined about see this is obviously inside or or Him by should another employee this is from Moe Why should another employee go in another host emails just admit that George was wrong? Okay George didn't go into it somebody gave it to him. It was all over the building or come to everywhere It passed it around all over the building, okay? In fact somebody who thinks that certain people are there allies You just run around a building Robert and the spread hate and the cramless stuff like this Just doesn't get it which by the way it was the shows emails which anyone could get into anyone else's show email That was not good business even George is following your footsteps because he has your backing all you have to Is threatening owners of the station and if they fire George they can fire you also there are afraid of you We're in the world you ever hear employees talk about their employers like you to instill keep their job sign mo. I mean Danny Come on, maybe it's just just like not for couple of shades. What are you pleased? Maybe he needs a wig back on okay? Maybe the maybe the sun I understand we had a lot of really hot humid days already Maybe the sun is getting to them Maybe maybe maybe you could use that musk grant that we got in there on Luis Miguel's head in this studio Maybe you want to load net to him? I mean any so obviously inside I mean why not put your real name why not call in okay? I'm like Joe Rose. I'll take your call call in and we'll discuss it. Okay, because I know you're listening right now Because that seems to be your hobby. I thought they was a golfer. I thought he played a lot of golf But evidently it'd be between all I golf us stuff. He's busy. I have listening. Yeah, I'm top of it Constantly 24 seven. I don't I don't understand that at all No, I mean believe you me a two o'clock when the pot shuts and I play some little drop in there at the end like you're fair That's it. I'm out of here. That's enough for me. Hey, if you think you have termites in your home You need to call rid it pest control today for a free termite inspectant. What I just say inspect it and that's right Ritted pest control uses an amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact I mean they are gone as and right now if not sooner if you have termites this is the best possible way to eliminate them and The best part of the deal is you don't have to attend your home ever see a house. I'm sure you have with it Tending on it looks like a circus and believe me. It's no picnic But when you use these folks you don't have to attend your home. No worries about poison is gas No moving out no stays in hotels no worrying about food or pets in your health They treat your home into amazing orange oil and you don't even have to leave in fact when they're done treating your property The only thing left is the clean set of oranges for a few days. It's true if you have a termite problem Instead of going through that tending and that whole circus like routine call riddit pest control right now And find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites one hundred percent on contact No tending no kidding Carried now for free inspection toll free 1 800 4 4 7 43 48 that's 800 4 4 7 43 48 like I said forget about the tending all the other treatments. This is the smart way to do it call riddit today 1 800 4 4 7 43 48 Real Roger Unfive Please wait here you fact I actually sent me a sign it mark on the right but all and the level you can do I can be two years maybe maybe it's getting maybe somebody telling you Come on come on The interviews lecture But ID Come on, the knocking at the door at all We're engaging with men The bag is eway, it's a don't-per-file The reason us today Around us men of God Hold it side with me Don't you know what we're doing Just do what we say We're pictorial To live and end down here And down to the moon Why are we wild? We're getting lit all With bristening of cards That are so undersized That it's almost gone The week will blow to the river Let's twist you And the closet made of fresh gin balls We count the boulder round We get to clear the cool things When we wag us in green tea No days We're out and men of God But it's sad to win games Don't you know what we're doing Just do what we say Hey, father And up and on, don't you know what we're doing We're doing Yes We're doing Hey Hey You're fair Lebanon 356WQ And the home of Harmony Baby We want a harmonious atmosphere And that's what Joyce said And I can trade anyway Harmony is atmosphere And we want you to put your little bit sweetheart Here's a fact Another Oshan provocative tour It says just keep listening to the tape George a violator and response to a phone call Mow was back to talking about the stations of Neil et cetera Actually and frizzy would think about leaving I'm going to tell you something Maybe his back was really bad We all have bad days My throat is scratching I'm not telling you I'm sick or anything Just scratching But the idea that somebody would think of leaving Because we took a poll That they didn't like Or they think that the poll was geared Or manipulated in some way to make them look bad If he would've gotten 5,000 votes How could I stop that? I had no idea how it was going to come out I mean, of course, man It's his the most popular guy we got on the afternoon He's probably even more popular than me He's beloved He's an institution So we knew he was going to do great So when I took the poll the previous day about Hank and Joe Rosen So on suppose Joe Rosen would have come out And beaten Hank 3 to 1 or something like that Which I didn't think would happen But it could have happened We don't know what's going on out there That's why we take the polls You idiot, you hard to ask And then probably on Friday tomorrow When the numbers come out I'll let me don't give the hour by hour So we have no idea what we are But next week we'll give the hour by hours Haven't we eaten the numbers long before You ever came to a townmo It's just a thing I've done on the year ratings Because people who are in the business Listen to this show There's a lot of people who work on stations Where they don't tell the main thing about the ratings Everything's in the dark until they get canned Like I'll be still kind of kind of power 96 this morning We don't know what that's all about to me No doubt it I'll be still fired at power 96 I just mentioned that See all of the stuff even that could be a million miles away And it's still all filters back We get these little notes under the door So when ratings come out tomorrow If the hour by hours come out And if certain people don't do all that great If I don't do all that great Do I stop reading the numbers on the air? No It's called being an adult It's called growing up It's called called taking responsibility for your own success Or failures or anything in between That's all Always lashing out Whether it's the producer Rits the born-off It's the bad guest It's somebody else's fault It was the beast It was Caroline It was the Kent Moldin Who got only knows who else could be The dog done it And I would like to point out As far as calling somebody by the right name Or Lyle says I will reveal my true self But only if you promise not to be mad And not seek for retribution And you shape or form Because now I'm nervous Lyle, PS1B today Oh, come on Lyle What a pleasure Yeah, come on the closet Wherever you are Come on come on Seek rip for abusive If you promise not to be mad And seek rip for abusive First of all Did I say He knew you acted like Mow Didn't I say that I love Lyle Right That he's one of the best classes We've had that I wish we could contribute every day Even though he was giving me some good shots And by the way When we got those classes And it was ripping me in ass Did I get all done out of shape Oh, it's good fun By the way, what retribution you're going to hire Hitman Possibly Infants Yuri Sarner Oh No, I see, and I know it's not Yuri Sarner Because it's his, you know, he was Fast before city even enjoyed the show That wouldn't be hit That was a good tip Gary's to visit running around a building Telling everybody that my TV set is a pass a Howcated You know my Samsung 46 HD Outdated No, I guess what Yuri You're outdated See there you go again Take it on the poor people in the radio station You know what to bet When you work for people for a long time Or some people are really likeable people They do their job They're easy to get along with And there's some people who are just taking their way through Life or just there Because they got their head deep inside the boss's Back to somebody's, you know Somebody's orifice They spent a lot of time with their head in the orifice You know And that's why certain people are in there Maddie But that's beside the point I mean, yeah This is just shocking to me Just out of nowhere How could anybody react so hysterically And like I said, whatever the arbitrage numbers are in the Transtomarn I think they're going to be awful And not because of more anybody else Specifically, but because management keeps changing A format every five minutes and keeps jerking the audience around Nobody has any idea who else on the air I got we went through two months of one day It's a moto to four and it's mad dog And mad dogs back to the four and in as you Leaving as you stay Nobody know what's out was going on Including us How can there be any argument about that I don't think so We all survive through that But I don't need to hear any more of that crap I heard enough And I'll chalk it up to his bad back Okay, to the fact he was in an extra Sirly mood I'll show the next week when I'm in town He'll be going to lunch together Where we did it You know, bonding probably have to go out Go out for a couple of times Have dinner at Morton's stay house You drink as long as I pick up the temp So anyway, this give you thing I don't win in your The facts is Jerry Used to be Jerry and then he was somebody else For years and years and years Another one inside the building But well, I said to that The facts machine inside the building is just on its smoking It is on fire I think we've had about eight Facts is so far and by my best estimate About five or six are from inside the building They hate you and they are you know what? Who cares? Screw them I've been making a lot of people there a lot of money for a long time You know what? And it's going to continue another three and three quarters years If they're about some of us I quote first Now let's see how that pulls coming Maybe I'll go zooming up the ladder Maybe I can be a top Terry and ever know Other than politicians Who's death you most equally away? Now I realize that's a, you know it's in poor taste And who cares? Right just for fun 432 votes So far we got Jerry Falwell leading 180 Terry Shaw's track most still 160 still equally away And she's dead The kids they're waiting They're just over the well with the whole concept You know they just want to make sure Because they can't handle one more And guess what they're doing on CNN Do they? I know Beth That's going to become a point Jump in here Interesting and your thoughts Of course we have a lot of them coming in at one time So I'm going to give back to you in just a moment Want to bring our viewers attention Any minute now expecting some videos Hey then from Governor Jeb Bush Upfloor to come I can't wait for Fennast else to go away Terry Falwell is leading They can't wait And either can I 180 180 40 got my vote Although I might change it Terry Shaw 007 The Pope 66 This respectful The Pope 35 35 people out there say they can't wait for their own demise More Howard David in 14 My mother in law 14 Don Agnes 9 My spouse 8 The O'Rodges 4 And George Steinburn in 9 This was a very very emotional There's your fat ass governor A couple of weeks And I hope that from this All of us Can grow as people in terms of our appreciation for in the life issues Right Just get a living will and keep together And the other hand is brother out of it That's my suggestion You're fairer You're listening to me You're not just as gloomly On five You're a human And I'm CVS Don't miss on very special CSI Dublin Some of them are done up a thorough bit Some flying in the rest of the day Here's self-alcohol laws What do you say we find the murderer I'm right after we finish these things Pipe I'm safe I'm safe average state Every one's Irish And on CSI Dublin Every one's a suspect Okay Herlady We pick up poison The victim with their farm beef And addicts don't have proven it's I know Grisselp We're still going to take it out of the pub So question CSI Dublin It's one heavy hour of television There's a fine job Kitchen's those murderers Murderers But we own this up one of us And the garal oils I'm off to see him Gobble again I'm drinking to that With CSI Dublin Dublin 15th of QM And by the way Since we're at St. Paul Show As I tried to do with his crap Wasn't there somebody on in the morning Directly preceding us once upon a time Who was on from 6 to 9 When they moved me the 9 to 1 That disastrous experiment Who was urging his audience Not to listen to the show that follows him Direct words I had that on a cassette by the way Somewhere Oh day Yeah Remember those days? I encourage all of my audience Not to listen to the show that follows me Was his direct quote Okay Now that's teamwork man That's really hopper right in there And being part of the game You can be with us five people And that's right Now see there you go again Yes because I've trained you Man you're one of my trained right And you got my back And that's right Great And if you didn't know if I just left them Far you in the beginning When you try to get your ass fired Which you denied and everybody lied See I don't know what kind of deal he's got going He must have the best lawyer in a world His agent must be the best in the universe Makes mind look like some kind of a pansy Well You're fair right Now I'm serious Because the stuff that he has been able to manipulate And pull in there and just and and it's just kind of like slides off Slides away And now hey we're going to re-up for another two years If it's going to be two years more like this I'm going to tell you we're going to need a staff side Chirritis Get one for up here too Wow Over a pool A pool that he didn't come up looking all like Read on and therefore it's my fault A crank call comes in Therefore it's my fault It's one of my trained monkeys who said Go get him And of course this is a guy who can spared behind everybody's back With some of the people who hate my ass like poison Like that we could have used Dr. Jack or working right here in my internalist park That would have salvaged problem along and look who's there again Rans standing now and thank God for the legacy of your daughter Because yeah, I'll be a daughter The what? Yeah The legacy of your daughter That's Jesse, that's Reverend Jesse How about your daughter Jesse? You know the little Jim at one? How about that daughter sweetheart? Grandstander? Fony Lion name is but just frantic here WQAM Hello You'll see QAM See what I meant? Frantic WQAM Hello Yes sir I knew I knew Okay In part of the most rent yesterday Did you hear him say that? He was going to do something He was going to do something He didn't say anything because I wasn't here You know you just reported he said he was going to leave Or he was going to kick your ass Is what he does Or really? I mean, replace He's going to kick my ass He's going to kick my ass He's going to kick my ass because I took a pull and he didn't like Exactly Well screw him, how do you like that? Yeah, everybody is there Okay Yeah Either he's going to quit or he's going to kick my ass Oh God, what am I going to do now? I better not come back That's right Should we hire a bodyguard for you? Yeah, I'm a scared WQAM Hello Good morning, how are you doing? Oh God WQAM Hello I like everybody WQAM Hello There's one for you I like you WQAM How are you doing? Good I got one for the pull Okay I know that because he said one I think he's good Man, I like that a lot He knows seriously he ought to be on death trail right now For ordering Valerie of playman Nobody's talking about that Yeah, he just makes the fuck less than right That's a good idea Excellent choice All right, have a good day You two, pal, thanks Bob, no vacuum, got it? Of course Crospa What are they going to pull the pull the pull the two That's you already They've been canceling that show for three months already Now get it off Get it off of there Man, when they had Like I said, last week Ralph Later on a couple of days I involved no vacuum I'd like to bring in broadcasters That was really something Bumbling and fumbling and stumbling And fumbling and fumbling It was a great WQAM Hello Man, I don't know why this, but happy for him to you man And back to you young See, there's the term guy Why do they stop a thing You know, let's see, we have the things We're calling lady, rest in the house We're just gonna say Happy for him There's the happy for him, guys Okay, for new people Happy for him It's a little bit late, but it's never too late to say happy for him No, even for the glam Or to enjoy the nice home and touch it Right WQAM Bob Who? That might have been mo WQAM Hello Me? Yes sir We need to pick our act For again Howard But he says that Orkin does that position It's just the two sides So you don't need to go all the way to Amsterdam Okay Got it Ah Ha ha ha ha Oh, that was a train monkey That made that kind of colon I know what it was, one of the most train monkeys What are we gonna do about it? I'm gonna quit or go come down to a ticket's hair piece Josh, 10, maybe he needed like Maybe he didn't have a good BM or something like that Maybe it was his back Maybe that's what he's back I don't know, he had a little bit Yeah, what he gets to be I mean, he can't like me and Hank and him We start having our bad days Good days and bad days Whenever his good days are in a start WQAM Hello QAM Hey Leo I heard that the big ghost did that Have the same reaction I'm moked From being left on the call You know that's a good point I don't hear him because he's up Way before I get up in the morning But I guess he wouldn't be Completed upon it right Absolutely All the guys with Joe the cacky And the guy with the grip on the concept They say I mean he's gotten it Realized this guy's got a relaxed Okay, okay, have a right then Yeah, I mean I'm sure that somebody's guys occasionally Oh, gee Neil is just ripping me an ass But you know something it's a radio show I like the big O he's a good guy I have no problem with him Joe's a gacky I like a lot I work with Joe for years and I do the administration Joe's fine I don't seem very often but every time I see him we should He knows that it's a radio show All the way, you know I mean what I say But nevertheless You know, yeah I have never encountered such a cranky Just man Bond, fast, the self-indulgent individual Everything is like a thing that how dare you seem like this And I want to be called by my real name I don't I should have not been called by my real name And then of course there were some people came in this morning I don't want to mention names We're suggesting that maybe that's not somebody's real name I don't know and I really don't care But if somebody wants to make a big fuss about being called by their real name Maybe we ought to know what it is Guess I think that's his real name I don't Josh Yeah, I'm gonna say no Actually didn't say that He said he wants to be called Howard David Mr. Howard David Mr. Howard David His proper name Mr. Howard David, he wants some respect Yeah, you're right about that man You're right about one thing Nothing has changed Not even a little tiny as bit Because just like when you're first a little bit of the market Rippin, you know Bill's in for how dare he say that I blew him out I didn't come looking for his job I don't know what I didn't digmin' hostile As opposed to like him And we just a little bit of graciousness A little bit of like hey You know here I am, I'm here to get along to do the job Yeah, right Exactly It's always this hostility man, it never ever ends WQAM Hello Hello, I'm from Neo Yes You got my vote Yeah A hundred percent You should Okay, thanks WQAM Hello Oh, yeah Yes I call yesterday a full blow-wise thought of backers He told her that he keeps getting raped into this No, that was not for it That's what I was supposed to try to find on that I see Because that's the one that called it set him up I see, I didn't know about that But you know the interesting part of that whole thing I don't think I mentioned it on the area About that CD we came out with his permission Even though we didn't really use permission because it was book of brands material from the show But we did a CD to raise money for abandoned pet rescue And of course he's a dog lover just like I am And he agreed to it He thought it was a good idea With a mold bits That was even the name of it Mold bits And it were all the book of Brian bits about him And Kelly about the picturesque characters And yeah that book of Brian's created after the two of them No problem Now all of a sudden it's disrespectful and about me But I just don't know Like I said, I'll drop it up to a bad back Bein little bit cranky Everything will be fine today My close personal friend, Mohour David I've been at two this afternoon Mad dog, I mean Jim made it before Hurricane hotline of seven Jim, what's it? Steve Gelsky, I go all steam Oh we got a couple people by their proper name It's a guilty at eight and any kid ten Wow Yeah, I don't know if anybody else is ever ever bitched me out Because I took a polly Didn't like the way it came out Is that a little bit on the bizarre sign? Well no No Not for him, is which is it right? Look at that already got 16 votes They wish I would croak next And they're listening right now You're listening Back into good battle We got mold with 20 and I got 16 How many times do you think he's gonna vote for me? But turn man You're listening to Neil Rogers' exclusive Honestly I'm five six Who I'll vote From the producers of Iron Chef It's Iron Bustleye As you model, he's been busking tables At Tokyo's Hokkaido restaurant for seven years Today he takes on Joe Smith Of a sip and bite diner in Cleveland Who will be the first to clear a dirty table I claim the title of Iron Bustleye I am ready I am ready I'm not a fuss off Yeah, bring it up Let the battle begin And as she model takes an early date As he whisks the plates into his bust up in one fluid motion Up Yes, I'm now come The point never gets a little hot I'm not a fuss You'll smooth his yet to clear a single plate Is the pressure getting to him? Wait, he's grabbed the table club And yes, it looks like he's going to And he can write up the table The dishes and all I win Oh, I give up the other stage of my bust point I must commit rituals I'm not clear to him I'm not clear to him I'm a great Iron Bustleye Only on the Kung Fu Network You're fair Twenty-nine till noon at QAIM I was going to read it Even though she died already I'm very shabby You can write this here I'm going to read it The coverage will continue going on And on and on There's President Bush commenting on President W. Hall those who honor Terry Shabbo to Area O.C. But I got a great column at Senator Wefton That various reading because it's right Right on the money Why I don't care about Terry Shabbo by Joyce Marcell Yeah And I wouldn't echo that She's a freelance journalist Listen for my We'll take a bunch of these good calls first W.QAIM Hello See that's pretty good QAIM Hello Can you hear me? Here you are Oh, man I've got a friend I've got a friend That are a whole Yeah, I've got a whole I've got a whole Let me tell you man The only thing that I'm going to say about the I've got cases that I'm reminded Why can't you use this? I've got a whole The way I'm going to go Okay, that's all right Call us back on the wheel Phone Okay, I'm sorry about that Sprint to a payphone or something And get a wheel phone Does that one in the north of Craf? W.QAIM Hello Let me turn the radio off Pull up please Okay, go right ahead Take all the time you want Yes sir I got to tell you the Tell me The Consent Controversy that the Low Guy It does make for some good radio Okay, look If that's the way we want to play it I have no problem It's far beyond for me I thought we were all through with this Grant but if that's what he wants Well, I'll find I don't care Well, it could be that Because I mean, I personally I love the mad dog Joe Rose I could listen to Uh Uh A But I can't listen To low I tried I even tried And guilty for get it I'd rather split my risk Oh I can't believe that guy's on the radio I think at this point They should put what's the Dude who's on it in the morning early The go The go I think that would be good for two to four You know, tolerable No, no wait a minute Wait a minute And that's when our other was replacing Mo is what you're saying He's not going anywhere They just resigned him for two more years Your kid No, I'm not kidding Wow, that management there There are low rides Us That's unbelievable I've never seen anything How they could just screw up such a good thing Yeah I don't know if it's signed and sealed But that was in a newspaper It was, you know But he doesn't get any ratings I don't get it Well, how do we know he didn't get Any ratings? They're not two to four They know that we haven't had a book yet I mean he hasn't been on there for more than five minutes M Oh Oh, and Oh, my gosh They're making a big mistake But what do I know Well, then I have to take part in that Because when Given the options that were available I suggested I suggest I mean I was, I voiced that opinion And they ought to pick him As opposed to a couple of the others I mean, in a perfect world for me as a listener It would be Curtis on here I'm really starting to like Curtis Yeah, well in a perfect world It would have been Mad Dog 2 to 6 No doubt And then the baseball pre-game It's six or whatever They want to put on and know that But he wouldn't do it You know, they're going to try to get him to do that But he didn't want to do the four hours Because he's going to have to do it I can't listen to all of that dog anymore My schedule doesn't permit it Which we really stay No, that's Jim Mandard's No Mad Dog No, yeah, he can't People names Yeah, I'm sure he will take great effects He will be a great effect He will be a great effect He will be a great effect He will be a great effect I have a good day, thanks Well, there you go I just don't know what to say I'm at a loss for words Because I'm so shocked I could understand if it was over Something significant If I said that Yeah, I mean there's a zillion things You could say But over a poll We take a Well, in fact, lately we've been taking two three polls I'm sure we did because it's quite a snick Snick in one and a early in the morning You know, it gets people out of our website It gets them involved with the show It gets them involved with the station And it's the idea getting people involved with a radio station That's the idea As opposed to touring a temper tantrum every time we take one There's a whole bunch of people out there And say, which I would die next Do I give a crap? No, did I expect that of course I don't care What do I care? Do you care? Oh, I don't think I'm going to recover Let's see how it's shaping up right now Forget about the time More how we've been in 28 Neurology 23 I'm right on Mose ass How do you like that? You old cootsie? Maybe we can give one of them twin horror boxes Yeah Maybe they can vary aside by each And you can just visit me for eternity For the rest of the time Oh, why did you say this? So we'd still be alive And I like that I mean What do I care? Is that going to change my line? Oh, am I going to croak sooner Because somebody is going to voodoo dowodot I couldn't care less And of course in South Florida See, here's the guy that's been there three years He still doesn't get it It's the nature of the beast No, not that beast No, it's the nature of the beast in South Florida That's what it is And every time some Jack asked I mean, we're overloaded with Jack asked I don't blame anybody else for it I don't blame anybody for it It's just what's out there Okay, that's what is out there That's the reality of life And if I didn't want to talk to those Jack asked Is what I would do is I would have guessed on everyday That's all I mean, I'm not big on guests I think guest or terminal They're coma inducing to me I don't want to hear them But that's your is how a hell of a lot better than just talking to a bunch of mouth readers every day Anyway, Joyce Marseille writes why I don't care about Terry Shival In Ghoulish anticipation The whole world wakes up each morning and asks is she dead yet I think it's disgusting On by the way, the answer is I'm not a heartless person but I don't care about Terry Shival I don't care about Scott Peterson either I regard Michael Jackson is a freak of plastic surgery But then I regard Arnold Schwarzenegger that way too And he's the governor of California I don't didn't care about OJ He did it he got away with it his kids will pay the price Going back some I didn't care about pan smart either But I love the way Nicole Kidman played her in the film Have I left anybody out? How can I not care because I refuse to have my emotions manipulated by the news media? These are serious times and I guess I'm a serious person From the media I'd like to learn more about America's debt load And whether it's good for China and Japan to own so much of our country I'd like to know about our plans for competing with China and in the for oil and other natural resources Come to think of it I'd like to see a detailed analysis of whether we're really running low on oil Will we run aftering our lifetimes or are the doom prophecy scare tactics Allowing billionaires to make more billions on the backs of the rest of us I'd like to know the implication of the dollar shrinkage against the euro Politically just about everything my government does worries me And then there's the war in Iraq With all of this to think about I'm a Paul that America is spending what's left of its intellectual capital On one unfortunate woman who's been brainded for 15 years And if Terry Shav was been anything other than brainded She would have long grown up and a rage at her parents for allowing those humiliating videos to be shown all over the world The job of the news media is to provide information and allow us to form educated opinions In this case it is seriously failed For example, the root cause of all this is theory is bulimia and negative female body images Why are we hearing more about that? What was Mrs. Shav's relationship with her parents before she became ill? What was Michael Shav's relationship with them? Isn't this really an in laws from a health story? Did Mrs. Shav or really say she didn't want to be a vegetable? How can we know? Why did Michael Shav away so long to try to end his wife's life? If caring for her was too huge a burden and how could it have been anything else? Why would need to turn her guardianship over to her family? Without salad information were trapped in pedabak moral political sinkhole It's like firstly arguing about batting average is about having a statistics book There is no point to it Watching politicians toss you and pose over the sanctity of life inferiorates me Where did this suddenly pro-life George W. Bush come from? This man who used the death penalty to murder around 150 people Including children and the mentally incompetent when he was governor of Texas And who's regard for American and Iraqi lives is so miniscule That he needs their cares about putting them in harm's way And pay attention to the thousands wounded and dead as a result of his arrogant policies One right is he got to be pacificating here And if his brother, Jim, really feel so strongly about Terry Shavoh That he's going to defy the court's intent as goons to kidnap her And let him install her in the master bedroom at the Florida governor's mansion And change her diapers and self In this case, Jesus hit the nail on the head when he said judge not to eat not be judged The truth is though that these glory-eating politicians don't know any more about Terry Shavoh Than the rest of us we are all being manipulated Recent history is full of images that have trumped context to shape public opinion Rights, Jeannie, Bill of Fawty and the New York Times In 1996 for example endless pictures of young javanese ranzi dressed like a hooker Lent an error perversity to the child's parents which focused on the public suspicion exclusively on them However, lie detector test later exonerated them From the birth of photography, social critics have feared the camera's subjectivity And the potential use of pictures to manipulate the emotions of the masses Bill of Fawty said, any Adams picture of the adcon captive at the moment of his execution By a pistol wheeling Vietnamese official became a symbol of the anti-war movement The photo one of Pulitzer Prize The Mr. Adams later disavowed it in part because The executioner claimed to many killed it murdered the family of one of his AIDS hours earlier No, this isn't about news of information anymore. It's only about conveying emotion Terry Shavoh's fate is a tragic private family matter and in her cases in so many others We should refuse to allow our emotions to be manipulated But we are Terry's passing and tells me the entire scene There you go, thought, thought, thought, thought, thought, thought, thought, thought, she's dead already And there's still a hawk in a child, can you like that? Oh, there'll be other for a while Oh, sure they got a look at it for a trolley camp In fact, maybe they'll even show us what's left of that Cute! You are listening to Neil Roger's exclusive lady On five six six six six six Little dog That one should go next to the Bobby with a surfboard Sure, you have a lot of Barbie doll And you ain't seen nothing yet, Greep But you see that one over there? That's Bobby's friend and a mint You don't have any can Ken, what are you? You gay? That would be gay I see here I didn't invite you to see my Bobby's out of the kindness of my Eugene Dr. Mow Oh, no, no, what an old one Eugene Dr. Mow You're needed to revive Terry Shibo Through through time, right? Get the check of pants You can call my Simba's about here She's wet lining again Just got beside your morons up a corner And I got over here All right, you get up And I said get up I don't know you I think broccoli smotted in this bro She's alive I'm glad you In post Bugs You're getting a dog here I'll handle this Say it And show a free either And I come back You too I'm going to go It's just Oh, it's just Oh, it's just It's just It's a lemphorty five I'm getting like a choke-top Maybe it's all this history of the day But maybe it's the sausage temper And looking at this man You sent me from Fritz and Frans Yeah, it's tough to choose But I wasn't brought worse to Yeah, I just can't decide Because they just bring a whole bunch of browners Would it be something wrong with that? No, I just started And And maybe some Hungry in Gulash I'm saying it's the same I'm saying it's the same I'm saying it's the same Maybe they're cooking up special The chef cooked special The girls are incredible What day of the week you want this? I don't care Well, I'm definitely not I don't know I'm a little disgusted to my Before the show I don't want to go and I old thing On a year about eating like some I don't Pull the stray by money Troubles at home Officer Robert C. Winston I'm missing him wrong The 14 year old I don't know Because it's because one day got a dentist I'm doing all my doctoring while I'm there And I certainly don't want to go to the dentist Unless of course I'm bringing along my own shoes Of toothpaste and brush my teeth before I go I mean can you imagine your eating Gulash And then go to the dentist or the worst Like what? Copy, copy, crunch No, no more I had that thing That's what's set me to 196 That was the end That's what got me really sick So those of you who are waiting for me to grow Guess what you got a shot You got to realize give me a shot In fact, let's see how that's coming Other than politicians who are More eager most eagerly await And this of course pull was taken before Terry died Terry died Terry fall well 231 Terry Shival won 13 They're still voting for her and she's dead already The Pope 83 my own 41 41 people out there Well, it's not for what I don't blame it Mohal or David of 32 The arrogance 29 We're in a neck and neck mode Do do do do do do do Right on each other's ass My mother will all 18 Don't I'm a 13 My spouse eight Robert Novak five And George Steinbrit didn't have any I don't even know why he'd be on there Well, I guess somebody hates him Which I understand that But do we want everybody to croak that we hate? Or I see something I forgot it's yeah, I forgot it's so flora Where everybody hates everybody else And we can easily understand Because I've met a lot of those people at you hate 5 6 7 0 5 60 Count 5 60 I'm sure that there are other people that belong on here On this list don't you think? Oh sure Well if I take some calls, maybe we can find out who they are How many QAN? Hello Any other questions? We got into the cherry Shival thing We got to president everybody was all standing up Could he survive conviction? He was a man of principle who took a wrong idea Ran with it he stayed with it And then he got Michael Shival, who did the same thing And there's you know, questions, questions on them And what kind of file names and whatnot Yeah, but when you say they, but yes, all of the same people Right a bush grub, but the fact that it matter is that 85% Amir 82% of public or Michael Shival Side haven't right along and the more they can Or neither. Oh there, yeah It's just that little conservative, that little need How it wants to be able to spin everything and pay everything in their own way Yeah, but don't forget, even when they took these polls last week Among the evangelicals and conservatives, those are good and two Shival, even majority of them were against what the government was doing You know, the bad times, some of them have to wake up with father calling Amen Hey, thank you all, I'll have a good day I'll pray for you. Thank you 5 67056 Baru, hot door Adanoi, kasa hoi Yeah, let's go to the wailing wall and we're a little bit what do you say? I'll pray for you I'll pray for you That's go wailing Go any QAM, hello Yeah, yes sir You love the cock 5 670, that's your money again That's one of your people man put it back on a rubber wrap Put it on energy Oh, way, it's one of you. Wow, hey, so what's the difference? Huh? Yeah You're fairy Like I said, 5 67056 That must have been one of most people That's it, there you go That's right That's crazy Oh, man, let me ask you all the crank calls come from in the 26 years before it was on here in a market I don't know, see, I mean, to say that would be so ass-in-ine Like his arrival on the scene all of a sudden invented this and made the market what it is And listen, nobody would want to take credit for that, you know That would be like, you know, the old Cuban saying, oh, we made 90 what it is today And everybody's saying, oh, yeah Sure WQAM, hello Where they can have an honest election to save their lives You're on your right now sir, just like magic That's 10, how you doing? Pretty well You're going to say it on the top, bad about saying anything bad about how our day was I've been listening down here for years And you know, I was in a business of like 15 or so And I got a trim, I really don't care about how many of you He was doing it off in his games And you know, you know, I had to turn him off Listen to him, but you know, always people call him And once he dead, no That's a bunch of crap, that's why I got to put my vote on him for Howard Because they're going to do the same thing Then you know, what the hell? I mean, listen to him a couple of months ago He's got this issue on steroids And he said, it's trying to bring something to the point of Smoking a J, he's like trying to bring the same thing with you The steroids, you know, if a player goes in the air He thinks a couple of people smoke J Yeah, how much similar to that? Yeah, exactly When you go down the street, you know, when you park your car before you go on the state And if you smoke it, you're not going to hit 70, oh, man And you know, I can come up here the same thing Still, it's like a completely different way He wants to bring it in the same way Well, I'll tell you one thing, speaking to start your car man When I'm in town next week, I'm going to be very careful When I start my car, we'll just have a great day, pal. All right, thanks. See you. Right, don't you think? Yeah, we'll get you one of those mirrors on a stick Yeah, it's good thing I have the keyless entry, you know? Right, but you still got to get in there and press that button Maybe I'll have you do it. So I got to remote car starter. We can have what it's called for you. No. I'd be real careful next time. I'm going to start my car. I'll walk home. Yeah, maybe sad to like give me a ride. He's a good buddy of mine. And now that's an interesting conversation, we ought to have some day. This business is about, well, you know, and of course they come from inside the station That's the best part. It's so obvious. This station and it is just a wording of it. Very clever people. And of course, like I said, I couldn't care less because the people hate me like poison I know who they are, but there's some people like in a grey zone, you know, like the whole sales department hates you like poison. I don't believe that. I don't think Adam hates me. Yeah. Trace, transfer to a man. I love to a treasure. Good guy. We get along great. Even little Todd Dreck. Now he hates me. He hates me. Oh yeah. Yeah, but at least you get some coffee for Todd Todd. Right. A couple of good accounts this week. Coffee is for closures. Okay. Some of the people in there who always are talking a good game. I want you to let me know coffee for Gary Sarner because coffee is for closures. You're fair. Yeah. He hates me. Gary Sarner. Mattie Bill hates me. John Jarris likes me. Yes. This is a good guy. Yes. He likes me. We love kids. Very nice playing a lot of vulgar stuff. I'm part of my mistakes. He's giving his audience what they were. Tough. You used to like me, but now of course he's a dumb like you. Good idea. Okay. And did you notice this morning? And Clarence come in to try to like rekindle the romance. You know what? What was just fine? You know, I don't who it grudge much. But this morning there was no appearance by either one of them. You don't think that. I think Clarence. So the door was closed every time I walked by. I thought I don't know if he's here. Maybe he's not there today. Well, maybe that's why he needed that thing yesterday. Maybe he went off to do some kind of a sport nerd thing. You think? I don't think so. I don't think we have any more UM baseball or any basketball. Do we have anything going on? I don't see it over the weekend. Or you might as well explain the beat of curtain girls. That's the fact. Asking what? Who it is? We don't care. We don't care. It's a lot of guys would like to find out. That's a new deal. We got on the beat of curtain. It's been going number one. I'm just going to call him. Bimbo number. Who will those trace? The bitterness. Because, you know, we ran out of really great pictures of famous celebrity broad. So we got a really great picture. We got his opinions of pictures of really hot looking babes. Who are just anonymous. And you know, and let me ask you this. Would you ask her name? If you found around a beach like that, I don't think so. I've called her name. Yes. Nobody would care what the name was. So that's the deal on the beat of curtain. And we also have that boon in the box. It's called a package within the package. What it is? Even the FedEx is impressed. The pilot that just packed boon in his younger, sillier days in his college days. Showing his goods to the world. WQAM. Hello. Great. WQAM. Hello. Good one. That was Morgan. Here. I can talk about the click. WQAM. WQAM. 560-050-050. 560. 560. I don't know if he's in a single ride this time. This must be a mode plot. WQAM. Hello. I knew. Or maybe it's a family plot. The beast leaves. Yes sir. I'm calling about the bit you play. Sounds like you had a big play with that rubber John's. You're just going to get him on a pool. Who's death's the most eagerly await Reverend Jones. And you know who else you can put on there? Prozac Ron. Not necessarily in that odor. In fact yesterday, I already forgot about with all this stuff you've got that's just bending my brain. Yesterday was reunion week on a show. I don't know where. Out of the blue. That's right. Could you believe that? The only one who was really conspicuous by his absence yesterday. Well, most conspicuous was the god of the fanny bag. Your buddy. Oh yeah. It's conjured her mouth. That creep. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. You got a real caller. Good. I'd just like to begin saying you know, I mean Mr. Rogers man. Mr. Rogers. I'm a Rogers neighbor. Yes. And you know, that helper was overdue and overhype. Yeah. The actresses have been living. And besides that, I've been a graduation split team to be on a great day for your wood bind. What's just managing? You mean yesterday? Yeah. My strategy is called blind luck. Blind luck. So actually I went in there and it were a couple of machines open and that one of the one was playing there and she said, what a machine on the left there, which is my favorite to dollar machine has been hot all day. Because I ask you know, we have a lot of regulators and I'll say, well, is this one paid anything? How's it? Because I like the hot machine. I think they keep paying all day long and they do. And so that machine paid me a thousand and then paid me a 500 and then paid me 600. And I walked away winning a grand and had a good day and smiled on way up. I'm glad I can't seem to get any luck though at the hard rock. I thought you were talking about slot machines. Well, I guess that's what they've got a wood bind that you're going to have. Real slot machines, not those engine killers. Good luck to you, pal. I thought you too. Sounds like you needed. That's my strategy. I mean, you're going to lose your ass. One of my very nice lady friends who plays there a lot heavy set but very sweet lady. She, um, she won 10 grand on some machine yesterday. Josh. That's has to. Because she couldn't get out of the wheel of fortune once it all filled up and I went over there to take a leak and I walked by. And she was and said, hey, how you know, oh, I just hit 10 grand and I'm at, um, flaming blazing sevens or whatever that is. I don't like those flaming sevens. You know what I mean? Because if you're playing flaming slots, they look at you and go, you're fair. Although if you win 10 grand, who cares, right? Right. Even Josh wouldn't care what they said if he won 10 grand. Whatever it takes. You'll see, you'll see once they get this slide and I disagree with Hank. I think they will get him at the Gulf Stream and Papa Owen, the thing you're high lying, where else am I leaving out? How they would dog track. They'll get him. And you'll take Josh over there, you and the crew. Yeah, we're going to live crew. No, go to the morning. Robert. Huh? I beg you pardon. We'll have a party. But when you say you win, go to a horse track. See you don't understand. Like it would bind. Sure there would be people in night. There's harness racing going on outside or in the is in season. There's to a bird racing. But you don't have to even look at it. You don't go anywhere near that because the casino was separate. It's a whole separate enclosed casino with its own restaurant and the whole deal. See. Another thing, uh, your governor doesn't want your finance governor. Not only no ATMs, but no drinks. No free drinks for the patrons. No soda, no nothing, man. I don't want to go to the, uh, watch to make it really appetizingly go there. If I want, I just declare mal bank grumpy for they start you fed ass. Go on. Listen to me. Roger. It's coincidentally on the 565. Or on. This mark. Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q 8. A. A. Ham Lincoln. He held our nation together. He freed the slaves. He may have liked dudes. Now the Franklinman in cooperation with the San Francisco Federal Reserve is issuing a limited edition commemorative Lincoln $3 bill. The front of the bill features the stomach face of our most liberated president in his Snatching stove by pan. On the reverse side, a totally redecorated Lincoln memorial with lovely window treatments and more closet space. Each of these notes is printed in green ink with use of red white and blue and a wonderful Fuchsia. Order now and receive a special edition dollar coin, featuring the image of Eleanor Roosevelt and a rainbow-coded question mark. The Lincoln $3 bill and Eleanor Roosevelt Rainbow coin are available for a limited time. So act now. Before these coveted collector's items return to our vaults never to come out again. You're awesome. There's a picture on the Fudge Report. Miss Fudge finally got around a figuring out the Terry died. You may have to take a look at that picture. She was pretty. I've seen you with all the coverage that we've been having. They showed. She was pretty pretty. She was. Yeah. Not no mole. No. But anyway. Here's some breaking nose. Maybe Ted Coppola is an anchor. Amy sees news nightline since his inception quarter century ago said today. He is leaving the network when his contract expires at the end of this year. He's taking his hair cut with him. He's taking his piece with him. This is how the duty here come with him. And Buffalo Bums body too. Buffalo Bums. All the strings on that show. That was a horrible show. I hated Ted Coppola. Can't stand it. Anyway, Jay says. Moe has evolved into the personification of all the ills that sound so to presents on a daily basis. His personality on a radio is his vibrant and ear catching as nails on a chalkboard. Or you must have him confused with his former partner there. It's our one if they try to present this tough guy from the streets for his Mollas actual appearances closer to Mr. Burns and Mr. T. Oh no. Regardless of his wishes, Moe needs a humor feeding. Too. Of course it will be inserted. Yeah. If we could just get him to lighten up a little bit. Every time you think he got him turned around so to speak, he just starts getting really sour again. It's the old as they say, Fritz and Franz, the old sour brought in. It says, just calm down, Moe. Thank you. Lucky to pay that your lead is a legendary show with huge ratings. You jack as you. Look at the big picture. Since the early J. P. S. Your name is Moe. Got it, Moe. I don't know. I'm just, I'm just going to lost to understand it. You know. And haven't, how many times have I said that I try to find in him? Because every now and then there's like a glimmer of humor, or there's something. I don't know whether it's a Jewish thing. I don't know what it is. You know? And I'm maybe one of the only people in the whole building that tries to find. And you're always like, laughing when I say that because you're not going to say Anyway, I try to be nice to him as much as possible. No, I'm not talking about being nice. I'm talking about, I find partying and that's kind of like, You know, either laugh at you. You know, I agree. Likeable, you know? Right. But then he just turns like a cornered rat in heat like the world is just, like, like, I've just dumped a load of elephant instrument on him or something. You know, it was a pole, okay? Jesus, God Almighty. Anyway, Frank says, I know your audience knows about the ability that Wives inside in Texas, allowing life support to be pulled in hopeless cases. Contrary to his born again, believe in the Terry Shival case, what your audience might not have heard is that the bill gave authority to the doctor to determine whether was hopeless or not. And the case that was the reason for the villain Bob the six year old boy. Apparently, the six year old was terming according to the doctor, but the parents wanted to keep my life support. A lot more similar to the Terry Shival case than even the time to lay dead case. Final result, the doctor, the terming to kid to be terminal and pulled the two. The kid died. The yes is a two-lay to be questioned. Terry Shival want to be the curtain. I don't think we're going to find any of those pictures, but if we show it, wow. Oh, just the anonymous. Right. Would that be in bad taste? I don't know if you why. Yeah, it would be in that taste, but nevertheless. But like I said, in fact, that's all the reason why. Put it on there. Put it on there. It's in bad taste. There's a lot of things that are being incurred in here. You have to swear. You have to play some of these in under God. All of a sudden, you're over the age of 40 and have several adults watching. And we still got John Ashcroft up there looking as you can. I've noticed a new these days. Maybe someday we'll put right there with him. Not in place. But alongside him, Alberto Gonzalez, homie is Jose Aminus. What do you say? It is parking. And Eliana Rosanna Dan also. What is thing is going on and on and on. Free of range. Do you have an autopsy performance? Oh, my God. I mean, granted, nobody's forcing me to watch this, but during the show in case anything meaningful happens. But I mean, yes, it's just a new stop dog. I tried to like be on top of it for you, you know. But it's just so freaking pondress. WKWAM Hello. I know. Yes, sir. You sure you want to turn off all the loud? I'm not sure you want to turn it around. What was the experience is like, yeah. I can't do it. Everyone can. Oh, he was going to say something else too. I thought I was in. Anyway, have a nice day. WKWAM Hello. Yes, I speak to Neil. Speaking. Yes. Actually, I was just calling to talk about it. No. Howard. About that more Howard thing. Yes. Howard's thing. No, he said he cracked me up. He said he's from the streets. And he was going to kick your butt. So that was pretty funny. I was going to stop to think about this. Okay. He's from the streets and he's going to kick my butt because I took a pull and he didn't like to resolve. That's beautiful. Talk about a crossie. I mean, there's no one to describe it. That he could take a call. That the reason why his back was hurt because he was raped. Yeah, I heard about that. Anyway, I would get there. And back to him. Okay, so we don't want to turn it around. We'll check really. I might be on his way back. 567.0.560. Town 560. And he Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. More Howard David and to the chat. No, I can't wait to miss that. You'd be listening now. You'd be there or be swear. Now, I see there you go. Where? Now, let's see. Did we leave anybody out? I was kind of interesting. That's again, the audience doesn't know most of these people. But nevertheless, let's see. Let's see. And I was just walking around and I was like, buddy, we love each other like crazy. Like brothers. Yeah, and correct me if I'm wrong on any of these. Okay. Okay. Because I know you talk behind my back all the time. It's always different. Our Tommy is great. We get along fantastically. Robert hates me like poison. Yeah, but he hates everything. Yeah. These, these tonight are pretty tight. We get along okay. And despite the fact I trashed him every now and then, what would you give a lot of he backs that to everybody, not just us, but he gets along with everybody. And backs that to everybody. Right. I understand that. But nevertheless, he doesn't dislike me. Right. Miguel and I hit along great. Josh Cortis, I like to meet a lot when those checks come. Yeah. And when a free food comes, he likes me like a brother. Like a mother. We're tight. Right. Now, let's see. Of course hates me like poison. I mean, I don't know. There is no water, not see that. I'm messing with my law. Yeah. Yeah. And of course, the feeling is incredibly intense and neutral. Very sarner hates me. Let's go. Now, what about the other salespeople? I don't even know the other salespeople. Right. Workedly probably hates me because I've been a crash in her. She didn't. She didn't. Yes, she did. Okay. Well, you said she does not. Well, I mean, you're going to your thumb right on the pulse of what's going on. I'm a million miles away. So what do I know? Right. Who might have even out this vendor one? Now, if that boy, I really didn't know what to say. There's like, so he wants you to like him. Oh. No, no. And wait a minute. I never said I dislike him personally. I do like him. And then I told you this, sure. But professionally, I mean, see, he's taken a personal, and this is business. You know, actually, he's one of the, you piece of Do it a number of that. Yeah, he's fun. Yeah, he's fun. And in an annoying way, what was that? I was a, I was out of the pair. Was that the number he was doing? I thought the number he was doing. I thought the number he was doing was a treasure island. But nevertheless, I guess I have to play that. He likes, but he, you know, he's, we got issues. Who else? Right, of course, he's all of us. Anybody connected with this, sure, like, poison. Like that. Terrence. Terrence, once upon a time, Terrence and I were very, very tight. Almost like twin brothers, like joined it to him. He likes him. He wants, he likes me. He wants me to like, and I do like him personal. I mean, the idea of him is the program director. He's like, that would be like, Teddy Boots is the president. It's just, it's just kind of, I don't know. It just makes sense to me. But he's okay. I don't dislike him. I dislike the act sometimes with him and thus that act that they pull off, that we could be unmentionable act. Oh, not that, I'm not, not that, I'm not, I'm not that. Now let's see, who might leave it out there? Sorry, who the hell are they building? Come on, let's give it a run down. I try to, who could that sort of building anymore? Who could these facts is becoming from? Well, the new sales manager, stiffy, obviously he hates me like poison. Yeah, that's all you're following. You know something else too bad. You know, if you want to act like it coward and run away and this because we talk about it, that's the way they show work. So, okay, Stevie, you don't have any exemption. I'll say one thing for screwing. She took the crap for me for seven years and she kept coming back for more, man. That's what, bro. Said, right? Right, well, yeah, she's a. No, she was first assistant. She, she, you know, and when I come there, she put on an act and oh, no. So, I have to see, which of course, you know, the ventan was just flowing through the area. You could, it was almost, you could almost cut it with a butter knife, but never less. You had least made an effort. And when I give a problem with her with to say her salespeople, she would hop right on it, man. And the problem too. Now, who else am I leaving out? Well, as we knew in the end, you know. And come here. Well, well, I see you're wrong about that. Fix it like me. I'm not sure. Really? He's turned on me now. So, I turn on a who he likes. Quite right. Get out of here. Fix it and I go way back. I'll go wherever to saw your little ugly face. Fix it and I work tight as a drum. Get out of here. All right. He probably took it personally. We was in Niagara Falls with his wife at time, and wanted to come up here and mess up my equipment. I said, no thanks. Remember that? Yeah, that was in person. A lot of part of it was for his officers. I didn't want to waste a whole day trying to give him directions to find this place. And sit around and waste a day on my life-trend entertain him while he was in here. Screwed up my equipment that all works fantastic. Thank you. But personally, we get along fine. Bob, we're most of course corporate. That's corporate. He's me like poison. What's your name? Joyce. He's me like arsenic and all lace without the old lace. But that's fine. I don't care about those people. See? They're not even in the building. I must be leaving somebody out. Well, of course, upfront, your buddy. And of course, he doesn't even either. No. Somebody that I wish would hate me. Carlos, freaky Carlos. He actually likes me a lot. And of course, that's a gay thing. You know, you guys. You don't believe that? No, no, no, he likes you. Nazzle likes me. Yes. Not everybody. Yeah. Yeah. She's just a sweetheart. She's one of the nicest people in the building in the world. Yeah. I love her. Who else? Who might even have it? There got to be somebody. We're trying to think, you know, the girl like Jim. Jen? Yeah. She likes you a lot. Well, there you go. And I like her. So what's not to like? Counting? I don't know. They probably hate me because of the fact that they wound up getting a lot of crap. When the checks keep showing up late, which they do very often. And it's just, you know, it's a constant badly good paid by these great robbers. But, you know, see, all of this business about the way I talk about management, look, if they reacted like responsible people, if they if they people on time, if they honor the contracts, if they didn't a lie, you like crazy, if they've been entering the illegal contracts that overlap with your show. And if they up, in other words, if they treated you like a munch, if they even understood what that meant, then it would be. It could be, it could be so pleasant. It could be unbelievable. It would be, it would be just like heaven. Like somebody I know would say it could be like paradise. But it's not. Look at the way they're strong towards Joe Rose, a long-ha. And man, here's the guy that came back, even after they trashed him when he was doing the worst team. And told me he was retiring from that show to go to work full time for the channel six. And they fired him, but said stick around until he can find the figure out something else to do. You're firing, but kiss my rear end. Yeah. And he comes back. Most people wouldn't come back after being treated like, and they treat him like crap again. And we're going to have meetings and I'm going to discuss your contract. And at the meantime, they're like doing a fast end around with that Howard Stern crappy on his back. And I'll guess what you'd done, see. And change them across the street. I just love to be a flying along when he and the Zach conversations about two a.m. Well, when he think I toy. Oh, brother. And it's thinking a Zach. How do you like talk about the way you operate a business? How do you like the day that Zach came in? I'm sitting here. And he's down there with you. And he's going to tell me the real story about why he was not with Mo any more. Remember that? And you think, where it's clearance, our program director, Clarence Josh Dero is coaching him, putting the words in his mouth. What do you should say? Smack it. What he says. Yeah, given a smack in a big fat head of the head. Yeah, all I can say is watch your back. Zach. That's right. He got out. I just go and say 1214. It finds 60 WQM. Yeah, if you want to buy a mattress in a department store or a bedding showroom. Go right ahead. You're going to get ripped off. You're going to get probably some off-brand goods. If you want the best deal, just make that easy phone call. 1-800 mattress, the number for dial-a-maxress. You're going to discover they've got the most liberal exchange policy. So what's not to like? Did you know that 1-800 mattress is got more repeat customers than anybody else going in the universe? So once you try it out here in T.L. Betcha Fathboy's life on it, you'll never go back to a showroom again. You'll get no nonsense with dial-a-maxress. No run around, no showrooms, shenanigans, just factory direct prices. On the best brands, you know and trust and love. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling me company right number one. No more ono in customer satisfaction. And they carried the top brands in the world. See these, shirtless, and clean clothes, and for a bit of steering's in foster you it. And now dial-a-maxress offers no payments or interest until 2006. I use them. Moe uses them. And you know how picky he is. George Miguel sat below a lot of other consumers been using them for years. So the small way to buy mattress is not waste your time and gas and money in the bedding and department stores. But just sit on your flat ass right now. Make one easy call. 1-800 mattress or log under their website. Macress.com for the best sleep you ever had. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. That's the smart way to go. You're a scat-e. A roger. It's a roger. It's a roger. On 5-6-10-10-10-10-10-10-10. She's not too bad. Sienna's okay. When you get in bed with her. The minute you find she's cold when you're hot. Then you can start. Don't have for someone better. And when your relationship with them. Hey, you take it. Do not force someone too slightly older. People might have been voted to win. If you spend your whole life in your mind. Find someone with bigger, bolder. No, no, no, no, no. Played to you. It's my right eye to get back. Take the end up. The question like people matter. The minute you hit some nagging studs. The break of past. The sign your divorce papers. I'm dying on the air. Only when you're in a satmosmo. You see this is the way it is. Other than politicians who've left the most eagerly away. Jerry Falwell 250. Terry Shival 19. To late. The Pope 95. You'll pop a my own 45. The O' Rogers 42. I'm dying on the air. Oh, our David at 38. We got a good battle going on me and Mo. My mother were a lot 22. Don I'm as 15. But no back nine. My spouse nine. Prozac Ron 3. George Steinburn and 3. And Reverend Jones. The anxious Reverend Jones has got a pair. So his boyfriend tells us. 5.670. 5.660. Pound 5.660. And he Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. W 2 a m. Hello. I'll wait. And wait. Q a m. We hear your breathing. We hear you knocking. Oh, another another one of them. That's all right. Probably sprint. 5.670. 5.660. Pound 5.660. And he Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. I'm sure there got to be a lot of more names on his pool. How about putting George on there? Josh, we just say. Let do it. I will do well. You won't give me any run for the money. But you'll do well. You just aren't old enough to get you all. I have no letters. There's no way to know. No chance. It's very shallow. W Q a m. Hello. I don't want to get into it. So a day. W Q a m. Hello. Yes sir. I got one for your pool. Yeah. I would have to say Reverend Fawell. Jerry Fawell. Who? Reverend Jerry Fawell. Oh, you mean you got to sleep in our pool? It's 125 oh. Okay. Thank you so much. Yeah. I'll put him on there. Didn't I just get you reading a list? Did I just only moments ago? Just milliseconds ago. I may be I'm dreaming now. Maybe it's my Alzheimer's kick in. Maybe I'm near the end. You know, I like that. W Q a m. Hello. Hello. Hello. W Q a m. Hello. Hey. How you doing today, Mr. Rogers? Okay sir. I would like to add one to the pool. I'd like to put what's your name. My ex on there. Your ex. Your ex spouse. Okay fine. That's good. Ex spouse. We got nine and what about ex spouse sounds good. Good. A lot of votes. A. W Q a m. Hello. Q a m. Hey. Yes sir. I'm going to tell you. I was done about 10 years before. You allowed the other guys on Q a m. Yeah. I got to tell you more is just on this level. On the level what's the heck it is? On this level? Is that what you said? On this level. That's the new time. On this level. Yeah. Horrible. Really? I'm going to ask you this and I'll fairness. Not that I want to be fair at this point after he's exposed to death. But what is it that makes him unlawful? Well, I mean, a little more specific. You know, I don't know what to have to be. So that like a lot of this forginger. You know, I like tank and the guys went to 790s. You're following all the other guys. Or we never talk about anything. Yeah. But I mean, there's something about the more like. But just he's rubbing it around way. You know? I can't put my finger on it. I can't put my finger on it. Okay. Well, I'll come. And that's trying to suck up at all. But you guys, I like everybody down there except for the moment. Can't stand the guy. He didn't watch toys. Well, nobody's perfect. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Thanks for the memories. Florida lawmakers honor Terry Shriver with a moment of silence. And it goes on in the grand standing in the parading in the history. And the phony baloney and all this. So concerned. Yeah. I just can't stand it, man. And it's just like that whole thing with a steroids that that whole dog and pony show in Indiana. Not just her, but I mean, she stood out because she's from our area, you know, that craft about this one's from Cuba and that one ever solar freight train and and the whole end. Rapping wouldn't go back to Cuba to play against Castro because he didn't want to dig the fire. Castro. And she makes a five minutes speech about Cuba that's got nothing to do with steroids. Nothing to do about anything. Except she's a professional Cuban and an idiotic bitch. That's her in that's her story. Early antirrows and a danna. We apologize, Gola. We're so sorry. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. Listen, I want to agree with that other caller. Few colors back. His south. I didn't like her either. That's cute. That's cute. That's cute. That's cute. That around. 5 6 7 0 5 6. I'm just going to read anymore. I got a whole pile of stuff here. I just don't because my throat is just like running the edge on. No, I take that back. You got one. What may be more than one. Sarah Kansas. That's your fault. I know. Good. Welcome to CSI San Jose. The forensic experts have the finger fragment. The very tip of nicely manicured nail would show up in that woman's bowl of chilly at the window. He's restaurant. I'm on a way. Highway last week that we talked about another third time. The high-tech's loose of the Santa Clara County crime line. But busy trying to hunt down its owner. They know so far that it's nobody in the FBI's more than 50 million strong criminal database. The poor fingerless staff apparently was living her clean life. The county has its staff man and a job rich. Renoe, who trains all crime scene investigators. He's conducted a lot of delicate tests on the finger. Shining lights at oblique angles to make a photograph. He also does to it as he would have snub nose revolver. Used in a stick up. No luck. It was a long shot going in he said yesterday. He also ran through a database to Santa Clara County criminals. And a database of all law enforcement officials in the county just in case. Renoe said the Santa Jose police will also run a two day to bases as the double track. The quality of the print was marginally since he wasn't surprised to turn up no potential owners. Meanwhile, how the finger is back in the hands of the medical examiner, who's conducting DNA tests. Which could turn up the race and gender the person who was once attached to. Lieutenant Chris Forster said the coroner may hire a private lab to run further test on the finger. He said it felt like a finger, which would determine if it was cooked with a batch of chili or dropped in later, which would be intriguing plot twist on right out of the hitchhirt with rocker Howard. In any case, the investigation won't end there. Some are a finger gun in the innocent woman's chili and by gosh that county's going to find out how. As Wendy's now becomes famous for finger foods. I do like Wendy's a lot though. Don't eat there. It's easy to do the atkins there man. Just don't eat the bread. Don't eat the bundle. You know catch a boner because the catch of this full up. As you caught a baby, sugar. It is really moated. Like the taste of an egg. You know what? Like the smoothies loaded with sugar. But sure is good. What smoothies? Smoothies from power smoothies. Oh yeah. Oh you got one now? Yeah. That's a bit of sugar ball from there. Oh no. I mean I've become a vector. Because now that most of the kick my ass and all the food's going to be. We're just going to be. Oh yeah. We'll keep them away. We're going to kiss and embrace when we come in there. Okay. Or do I let the food? No. Oh. So I'd take it for that at that. Are you really? I see the good thing about this now. Because I come in early in the morning. And it's too hot. We can't like a showdown. I'm the hallway. There you go. But I am sure that. Right. He can be John Wayne and I can be from like in like how's your fall. I think you should wear a sumo wrestling gear too. Yeah. We can't even stare down in the hallway. You're going to go. You're fair. Yeah. Or maybe you'll just go. Don't don't don't. I don't he doesn't say that though. 20. 27 past. Million at five. 60. But you can't. You know, spring is here. Thank God. Thank. And how's it going? Time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestead for some fantastic unbeatable deals. On New 05's. Right. Now get the end of the week. The focus will escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford. And zero or is that 0% financing. How about an exhibition with three grand cash back and 1.9% financing? Check out the 05 for the explorer right now. Armstrong for the homestead with $2,500 cash back and 1.9% financing. And don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong for the homestead. You'll get the exclusive tires parts and batteries for life program and a free flow to some past two. Armstrong for the proud of our service men and women. If you're in a military have a relative in a military no matter if it's active. Do leave the service national guard or coast guard. You'll get you a military appreciation discount too. David Richen and staff at Armstrong for the homestead. You're in T.U. The best price going anywhere. And because they're locally owned and operated in the T.U. Fantastic. No high pressure. No BS. No treachery like family to make you a lifelong customer. Armstrong for the homestead. 3.0725 South. 6. 20 minutes out of the 836. Check them out of the web at Armstrong cars dot com. Or you give David a victory call at 305. 2.47. 51. 12. Whatever you do grab a few extra miles and save yourself thousands and thousands on a great new forward from Armstrong forward of homestead. 1. 16. 20. 16. 16. 16. 15. 18. And. Great. It's funny. Now Michael I want you to answer as truthfully as you can. State your name for the record Michael Jackson. What did you give the children that stayed with you at never land? Give them hot milk. Crookies. Anything else? Hand cut. If a boy wanted to sleep with you. I wouldn't have a problem. Have you had sexual relations before? Yes. Away through. The elephants and giraffes and crocodiles and tigers and lions. Your accuser said he saw you naked. Did he see your private? Absolutely. And. Is this for a very swollen? You'd be amazed how often I hit it. Well how about this? Feeling genius. Not my terrible breath. You just deserve. Does that. I am the one. But the kid is not my son. It's easy. Well, pretty much. We extended the finger. Not the hand. But the finger friendship to our friend Mohower David. It would be long. A two mad dog at four. Hurricane Highline is 70. We all want to be sure. Miss that. Do you know the eight and then any kid to knit cloud? Goody. I mean Steve Goldstein. We got a real battle going on. I got 45. I got 44. Is that what it says? It's on my. 45, 44. Is just barely had me by a thin curly hair. Moe curly and. 5 670, 5 60. 5 50. 5 60 on a Verizon singular water slime. Just make sure you keep that food out. It's important to have them. Brots coming in. Brots. Brots. Brots. And some goolive. Boorish. I don't know. Although I'll be honest with you. Nice ribby with me. Nice from Kansas City. Nice. I have a steak. So I feel like I've got a big bowl of. You have a big bowl of. Tats to. You can't. You can't. I agree. I can't do. I can't do. I can't. Okay. Let's take about a hundred calls between now and two o'clock. Get there. Okay. I want to go to lunch. Get my throat all clean down here. How many Q a m. Hello? Yeah, what's up my vote from my mother-in-law. The bighead drunk what they literally tore my house. I'm trying to push this point. Okay. See there's a way to solve the problem of two ways to deal with the mother-in-law, of course, or just dump the wife. It'll be good. How many QAM? Hello. Two weeks left. I'm alive. You're like, yeah, that was good. Probably your phone's man. He's almost as good as the quality of a call. Not quite. Nothing can match in. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. You ought to put the juice on there. Well, that's a good one. I like that. How do we forget him? Oh, he can't forget the juice. I'm trying to cut him in a cockling dyeing. Have that we forget the juice. Is he going to be his pal, sir? Yeah, he's going to be his tour bear, right? Yeah. So I'm working. Yeah. One more thing. You want to have a nice crossover today. We'll have a more, we'll start today off his day off. Yeah. I'm going to be a cross-dress. Okay. I'll get out my pink co-hoops, sir. And we'll, uh, hint at things on. I'll get up my Q-dress. That you call it hoops, sir. Yeah. So, uh, you got it? OJ Simpson man. How could we forget OJ? I maybe have to change my vote again. How's that mouth income? Me and Mo. Uh, you know, what are you 64? We got to tighten that up a little bit. Like, Archie Brillon drills would say do the tighten up. Remember them? Nope. WQAM. Hello. Shival. I've had to book a brand member's Archie Bellum to drill a hole, sir. He's an old fart. WQAM. Hello. What about, uh, the Del Castro for the bull? Castro. He's got their fingers and legs crossed on that one. Okay, pal. He's very powerful. Thanks, not a politician. He's a dictator. All right. You know what I mean, but, we're talking about American politics. I don't get out of here. You know what we're trying to do with that. We just don't want names on it, you know? No locals. No, not, we don't want locals. No locals. Hello, local owner. She'd be okay. What? She sure all look a, but man, can she sing? Huh? No. How many QAM? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Sean, Lenin. Oh, can he sing or what? No. I'm sorry. Go head sir. Yes. I don't know if you're aware of it, but there is the war breaking news. Johnny Cochran has still dead. Oh, thanks for the good news. Okay. I'm going to have a week. Johnny Cochran a couple of days ago. And I got Terry died at nine or five this morning. Eastern time. Terry, follow us till hanging on. They hit him with five vibbles and he's still hanging on. And then we got to poke with that. And then Q is no. She's taken strands of angel hair pasta up the nose to a feeding tube. And just, in fact, let's see, I got a story on that. See, I told that I don't want to read. And we got an hour and a half to go and you're going to make me lose my voice. And you'll have to finish the show. And then he will be on them. Or when we got their ratings coming out 11 30. That's probably a good idea. Oh, yeah. It's going to be really. And you know something for anybody who might be listening right now. No matter what they are, and I've been doing it for many, many, many, many, many years on a year. We pass them along. Every trend, every rating, we're not going to say, oh, we had a bad one. We won't tell you. You know? I mean, anybody could do that. And many. Whatever they are, they are. That's all. And then we'll make up some excuse. Although public appearances by the Pope are generally seen as a sign of sustained health, when John Paul the tooth appeared to his studio window yesterday, he cast the opposite impression with his hands shaking the Pope strained his voice. But let nothing up on a muffled girl. I kind of sounded like, oh, like that. And another sign of his increasing frail day, the Pope has begun receiving new tricine through a feeding tube through his nose. The Vatican said acknowledging the Pope's recover from surgery last month has been slow. And a statement yesterday that a conch goes from the volcano of our evolves, who just won't get out of our face, said, the Pope has been outfitted with a nasal gastric tube to improve the calorie and tank and favor an effective recovery of strength. I mean, can you imagine sitting at a fine restaurant, a trotterian, Italy and you are, you know, that course. I mean, I know if Noel was there, we know what you mean, doing. That's not Parmesan cheese by the way that white powder. But anyway, you're like taking your angular pasta off the nose. Oh my god. John Paul's beef appearance at his studio window yesterday was his second unsuccessful attempt to speak to the crowd and say in Peter's Square that week to the get-to-season, say in Peter's Square. After managing just a raspus of his voice, he blessed well, which is making the sign of the cross with his hand and with through. He's like, if you back like Bella Legosino, remember when the closing pulled out the crucifix? Yeah. Okay. In fact, wouldn't be something if he pulled up his ears never cape like Dracula, but he's got the dress, you know? The people that are there. Oh, he pulled the white dress up over his head. Like that. 560, 560, pound 560. I mean, it's so sad. Most of the people in the world are just a bunch of little scared sheep that's all. It's waiting for somebody to tell them what to think, how to live, what to watch, what to read. Which is why America, I guess, is coming into its perfection now. It's rounding into form. Look at her. If you're watching CNN right now, what is that? King David struggles. They had to be sure that all vital signs were gone and were gone. You know, I don't want to be insensitive, but if you ever wonder, I mean, is his mouth crooked or his mustache to shave and bathe? I beg your pardon? His mouth is crooked. Oh, like what's his name? Brian Williams on NBC News. I don't want his face. I don't want that. She needs food and water. He's got a nose that aims off to one side in his mouth. There's like often a corner of his chin where his ear will bite. I don't think that's it. Sideways, but he is. Although I've met, I'm watching that. By default, I will not watch. I'll keep it. I won't watch, but I'll keep her. And I certainly will not watch Peter Jennings who sounds like he's a step away from my his own feeding. He's really not talking well. I don't mind Peter Jennings. Can't stand him. And so I'm stuck with NBC news. I mean, he's polished. He says that I wish nobody would have told us about him being a big rush. I fell. A rush look of fan because that kind of like spruled a whole thing for me. Somebody QAM hello. Hey, hello. How are you guys doing? Pretty good. How are you doing? Good. You know what? You've got to give yourselves a pat on a bite. You guys do a great job every day and I appreciate it. Yeah. Here we day. How do you like that? Today we work for our appreciate us. No. AirBDays come hell or rain or high in a water. And the second thing I wanted to say is, you know, I was, you know, I was injured at the child. I was involved by a dog and I was on the machines and a respirator and a rain. So they are partying on you. And especially taking off and I did survive. But they thought I wasn't going to. But I did so you never know. Maybe we'll have a there around for a couple of months. I got a good morning. She died. If they are not with it now. What? I only was sitting here. You know? 905 a.m. man. I was around for a while. But maybe I'm just. I actually, I actually survived. Thank God. And thank God for that, Palli. We'll Sam Pear for you. We'll say a book for you. You too. See? I guess I should keep repeating that because it's on everybody's. It's right on the edge of our fingertips. Terry, Terry, Terry, right? Right. Right. Because the media, this is, I think this is even worse than Ali on. You know, I mean, Ali on. I don't know. Let's drag down longer. Didn't it? Oh, yeah. A lot longer. When I'm for months. Let me totally. What is this 15 years? But this is, my, but I'm talking about this. Maybe it's 803. The feeding. I'm feeding two friends here. Oh, no. Man, it's been going on. And even now that she died in 905 this morning, it's still going on. God. And of course there's almost nobody there anymore. So to keep showing these really bizarre mug mump looking, the Okifan Okifan Okifan kind of like real strain. I would say people, but I'll be using the term loosely. I'm using the right. Exclusively. 160. 160. Yeah. Disgusting. Problem. I urge everyone to complain to this station. I check once so. Thank you for coming. I'm 50 cent. And I'm the game. And we're here to put the end to this violent rap wall. My calling. It's gross. But, true. I thought we was calling a ceasefire. Not full. And it'll ceasefire. It's a true. Your step off. It's a ceasefire. It's a true. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. I'm just waiting for the body fall. 1244-16-a-1-QAM. Accusations of sexual harassment and intimidation have been leveled at the end of a UNT phrase for her role in elections in Afghanistan and Iraq. The allegations against Karina Perrelli, head of the UN's electoral assistance division, recorded in the report commissioned by the World Body, but UN Ambassador Defended Mrs. Perrelli, and said the report was preliminary. The UN Commission and Investigates in the Licola Assistance Division after staff complained about their work environment. The report quoted staff accusing Mrs. Perrelli of harassment and intimidation that didn't directly blame her. Members of her team said they had suffered emotionally because of her behavior and complaining they worked in an abusive environment full of sexual and unwindow and intimidation. Mrs. Perrelli has said it would make sexual advances to a male colleague and if you saw this picture of her, you could easily understand why. Accusations of favor doesn't mean Mrs. Perrelli is also quoted in the report and the part-ridge in a period today. She's a little on me. While in the area of Canterra, she's just usually. She might not be going to be all at porky, but she's pretty usually. Actually, she looks kind of like almost a guy. Five six seven don't make it as a guy. Five six seven five six pound five sixty. On a Verizon singular wireless line. That's why we're getting a whopping response and who would you like to cope Other than politicians whose death, you most eagerly await eagerly. Jerry Falwell 273 Perry Shabo who died at 905 this morning. 128 the Pope 101. Shame on you. You heathen vast you to. Mohour David 48 my own 47 meaning them. Neo Rogers 46. I'm only two behind the moment. My mother allowed 22. Don I miss all the things is top down me again. Don't take that when it hops. Yes, I miss 16 my spouse 11 Robert O'Bakten George Steinburner's got four finally. He finally moved up to Del Castro 3. Oh, Jay's got three. Prozac Ron 3 Reverend Jones 3 my expouse 2 and George you don't have any. I was 723 votes. You got the big. I don't like that. You said you got what? What? What's the they discovered that I'm on you? George is last. He didn't have even a single one. They love you, man. That's right. For God. Oh, and that's another here. Here's another good example. I forgot about that. Remember we did that pull. Right. The one at Rush 1 by about 600 votes. What? What? What? Broadcast. You heard in South Florida you hate the most. Now, Rush Limbaugh 1 would have about 80 million votes. But other than that, a very respectable second was a good battle between you and Who else? Howard. No. He was down the way. I thought it was me and him. I couldn't have that. No, I don't think so. But in any rate and not, you know, and you got a ton of votes. Okay, we put it on. We put me on there. We put everybody on there. Who cares? It's for fun. It's a poll. It means nothing. In fact, the ones we took the last few days mean a little bit more, because at least it gives us some indication of who's listening to what and who's they're doing home, you know? Right. Which quite frankly, we like to find out if we still got any audience, and for all these shenaggms last three years. And with the nobody whining, oh geez. Put me on there again. God. How can you go through your entire life being a child and adult clothing, you know? 70 Q AM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I want you to put it with father for shanning under the. Father shanning too late. Oh, no, father shanning. I thought he was talking about father gay gun. Father shanning. Okay, get him on there. Sorry. I did always child molesting priests confused. Well, they look the same. Yeah. They also molesting. WKOM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, pal. John from Columbia, down here. I'm in a patient. Oh, wow. Chuck. Yeah. What about Scott Peterson? Okay. It sounds like a deal. In fact, I think you'll be your wish. But that's going to take it out. I think it's time. I think it's time. Oh, I think on the inside something that could happen, you know? That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm hearing. All right. Thanks, pal. I'm going to go. And back to you, John. Happy poor, baby. Happy Sima Astura. As the Farbist in Yebalah say. Happy tissue both. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 out of a rise in sugar. You know something I wish. Yeah, where did that come from? Who started all that angst? No, who started that crap with Moe with all those tapes in that? You know, from any audience loves it, of course. But I just don't have the appetite. Just to go through all that again, it's just, I don't, you know, I was the one who said, okay, I was the one who said that these fluckies we got to duck in clearance and believe me, fluckies and understand it. I said, look, if we're going to start this crap again with this drain monkeys and turning everybody against each other and like an on the air war, I don't think that's what we need to be going. You got this other station that allegedly has gotten audience that they're all been out of shape of about this 790. And at least ought to be on the same page. Does me have to like each other. We don't have to kiss each other's ass. But I really don't think it's a great idea that we have to have warfare. That was my idea. Not demy. Think they got an idea in their own head. No, no. And I thought at the time about three weeks ago, I thought it was a pretty good idea. Just at least let's have a little bit of peace in the family, okay, in the family. And now we take a pool that wasn't done with it. So they would defend him in mind or anything else from right away. Oh my god, if he's starting again, then just a matter of time. Go to hell. And that's my comment. Go to hell. Rod. Fester. And were Fester? Uncle Fester? Yeah. Yeah, they were. Rod and Fester. He was bottled. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. If the coffee doesn't fit, we must equip. Right. Okay. Now he's talking about coffee animal. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Wait late, but happy anniversary. Just trying to call for a long time. I'm going to take a week and I'll fool you. And I got one for your left half, but I'm just calls for George. Gregory. Gregory. Okay, I guarantee a lot of current and ex employees will be dancing on his grave. Make no mistake about it. Let's get him on it right away. Okay. Okay. Want to change your vote? Sorry. 567.056. 1560. On a Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. How are you doing? Okay. I got two things. First of all, I want to vote for my mother-law and her smelly diapers. Okay. And second, I'd like to suggest the call. Good. How about with two famous people with put on the bed show? Get a make-of-fat cupping contest. Okay. And what? Who? Here's that line nine. I'm still under again. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. I got one suggestion for your poll on the question for you. So right in. The poll suggestion is, how about rush limbo? Oh, that's a good one. In fact, he did so good on that other one that they hate like poison. Why not? Why not? Old rush. He'll pop in hypocritical finger pointing right. Exactly. That's not the plan. Look at also. I'm asking you to jump around. Here he's drinking. I can actually really go into the series. So when I find out when I hear something, which I hear nothing. You know, my agent is a pansy. So I don't know what's going on. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you. Okay. Thanks, pal. If maybe that would be the solution for all of this. Maybe Mo, could just do ten to two, and we'll just go off to serious. To take the whole thing. G. What? I'm serious. And that's a thought. That's an idea. Let the moment have ten to two. And we'll go to serious. Take our act and our story. And just get out of his hair. So to speak. And just stay out and have peace in the family. The only problem that is that Hank hates him like poison. He and Geli hate each other like poison. Mad dog, not that's not to the dolphin games anymore. It's just a matter of time before he unleashes his real feelings, which I know very well by the way. So, you know, you can blame it on me or me and George or me and George and Josh Cortis or anybody else associated with it. And 100 yards of our studio. But the fact that a matter is Mo, it's a lot more than that. Like I've said before, this business about how I'm in step and a whole rest of the world is out of step. That doesn't fly too way, you know? Maybe you can dilute yourself into believe in that. But it just isn't a whole lot of water. You know, even like that tube. And hold any water. That's why she died this morning. We have big hiccups. Oh yeah, that's right. I forgot about that. And then of course, I had a little bit of wine. You know, the communion of drops. Just a drop. No, it's just amazing. Every line in that movie. Every line was delivered with such special, with such perfection, you know? Right. Almost every word, every line of dialogue. And that movie was just, is memorable. It's just something about it, you know? Mm-hmm. Like for example, it's a murder. But thank you, where is the one song? I know, and where you straight up. You broke my heart. You broke my heart. And of course, the ever famous for us pigs. Leave the gut. Take the can always. What will I have with them to make you take me so this was good? Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Ever? Ever? Ever? But justice. We must go to the root of the dirty. I don't feel it after white everybody out. Just mind it. Nice one. Well, let me tell you something, my crowd's mixed friend. Local brushes, please, should be vicious. Do you know who I am? I'm more free. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. I want to make them all free, guys. See, it was beautiful. It was young. It was innocent. See, it was the greatest piece of an ass I ever had. I'm not edible all over the world. You're taking a study, personally. In my right? Yes. I want to have Josh Curtis to see in the Godfather. Of course. Oh, I don't say of course. We know plenty of people who haven't seen the Godfather. I just don't have the Godfather. I know many people who have not seen the Godfather. You're kidding me. I'm going to tell you right now. We don't have all the lines. There's spoken. But I'm not how we would do that. Paul. But I keep running in the people. I don't know anybody who hasn't seen it. I do. I do. I do. Yeah. WQA and Godfather line. Hello. 2AM. Must have been look at Brotsie. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good. Question for you. Um, these lights are light. Yeah. They're going to be, um, all over Michael Shival when he finally gets married right now. How go on this take? So, man, it's been a decade here. Well, what does that mean? I'm going to be all over him. I'm sure by then this spotlight will admit it. Now that she's dead, even though they're finishing the final answer to their dog and pony show. And if that's going to be the end of it. Um, the farm some way to bring it up in some way. Well, the way the plant probably bring it up is go hang up by Judge Grershouse 24. Seven, you know? These those people are gone by the way. Have no life. Thank you. Okay. What was only about like four of them left there. They, the truthless wonders. Somebody ought to bring the mace. You. I think they're getting ready to march on watching. And maybe it's a little bit of body wash can't be bad, you know? Wow. Are there a march on Washington good? That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. I agree with it. The Bush is in doing off. Okay. Down with the Bush is going to go to my, went into that vote amount in impeachment. Don't you think? Absolutely. Let it have to toss them out. Prop 56, if I say, do you know our burger to, um, we call it. We call it. We call it. We call it good stuff. Much better than a Hall's mental lipos. Oh, this, this has the sugar. Because you know, I don't dash in the eat the, um, Cerberal stuff on the right. All right. I'd have to keep like making a, a mad dash, you know? You're going to say, I feel your pain. I could be misdash. But anyway, this is that recoil was pretty good. When you got like a little scratching throat. But I'll recover. I'll be back pretty tomorrow. 11 30 and more. We got those numbers coming out. And then we'll all be yelling. Oh, this is going to be. No one, no wonder they're like taking, you know, they're probably all getting drunk today. Wouldn't you think? How about, month have you seen her today? You'll Jay. Uh, yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Please. Oh, I'm dying over here. Come on, come on. You're scary. Hey, hey, hey, hey. So that's going to be the theme music. When those numbers come out, let me treat this more to our morning. They're going to be really bad. We're going to look really terrible. And, you know, and we'll give you the honest numbers. All of it is April Fool's Day. Keep that in mind. Huh? No fool? I'm going to 90 share. April Fool. And minute after one and five, 60. Two. WDQAM. We got more Howard Davidid who's become a little bit surely lately, but he'll be alright. Now he goes back all straight now. Moira, too. We got mad doggy stole. Hurricane Island at seven. Guilty at eight. That's a long on here or what. And any K10. Pull the stray by money troubles at home. Office of Robert C. Winston. Edmonds he did wrong. Remember Winston tastes good like a sugar right should. Right. Police. Veteran. Police guns for cash and try to cover up. He pawned police guns. I mean, there's a lot of pawn shops around a straight line in the middle. That's fixed on 441. That's pawn shop heaven. Winston told police investigators he never intended to keep the money, but by design a mistake for department handguns were improperly taken to the Broward pawn and con shop in Davy and free to per cash. All four pawn guns eventually were turned to the police department. No, the city had to spend 17 evidence. 35 bucks to buy two of them back. Winston a swat team member residened notice not in good standing court of this week's release to just release records. He also permanently gave up his state police certification. The BSOs investigated the office of Mr. Gaby chose not to charge Winston. He had a criticize his gross mismanagement of police weapons. Meanwhile, the state criminal justice standards in training commissioner for the last month that he made face further discipline and the city's police review board will go over the case. April 11. Marzia full day by the way. No fooling. And if there's nothing I cannot stand, it is those people to one of the police. I'm still a boy. Old number one year, Craig Warding. We were a KAT. No, it's meant if I was already a WS News. Thank goodness. But Craig was on KAT when I won the announced on April Fool's Day that he was retiring. It was his last show. And all these old ladies, these old yentas, were called. Great. We're in tears. They were having a risk breakdown. And at the end of the show, they were called. April Fool. Yeah. Or somebody had died. Like Steve came to the Alex Bennett, then they went back the other way. Yeah. Mr. King and Mr. Mr. King. Mr. King. Mr. King. Mr. King. Mr. King. Yes. That was our spent. It's one great radio moment. He really shined in that. He showned. That's just the top of his head. He said, cut the radio, talk show bullcraft Steve. Remember that? Right. So you're better at Mr. King. I protested. Yeah. It is at King's. You know, all over the place. And then of course all of a sudden this born again right wing bull crap, you know, and fundamentalist, homophobic, ah, G. Steve. Yeah. It's so sad. I understand like the Chinese say, master living, you know, everybody's going to make a living. But, oh, brother, it is just tragic. And of course he's one of the people that invented the Reverend Pat Mahoney, by the way. Really? Oh yeah. He's got a factory where he stands these people out. You know? Come into QAn, hello. Hello. Hello. My voice for sure. QAn. Hello. Yes. I don't know why I'm moved on like the one or maybe the netball goes to the 90s. 90s. You know what you're talking about? Right. So I don't know. You can tell me something. Yeah. Yeah. But, right. Got a rest of it. What have you said? $5.6705.60. I mean, Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. A lot of good phones out there today. Not. They have these amazing. I've seen it got my Blackberry 7290. I think is what it is. It's 7290. What do you know? I'll bring it. All right. So, hey, can you bring it? I'm going to bring it. I'm going to bring you with the talented Mr. Ripley. That's right. I'll put that in my seat. Apocalypse Redux. Just bring your clothes. She's not having the Holy Green and a little sack man. A whole bag. Crazy person. I already got your Josec and suck up looking at you. That's for Jalorac. But I'll put in your Glendier Reglend Ross and tell Mr. Ripley and what else? And I'll talk about what you're going to watch and then we can have it. You can have it. I don't know. You take two of the naked in the redux version. Well, like I said, it's all you run. W2M. Hello. Hey, near are you doing? Pretty good, pal. What are you got? Are you going to do the other day? I saw this to be not such as. I saw the movie. I saw it for the first time. Yeah. I saw Honey June years. That was a great movie. Not passed honey. Yes, honey. I saw honey June years. I was a great movie. And I leave you with. And I leave you with. Yeah. And I leave you with. Don't go away. How is good, honey? I was going to hit the whole thing. Yeah, that's what you should have said. You ate the only. She was so great. She wrote it. She directed it and bankrupt. This is no books. Like I said, how do you like it? You're flying a wall in that house. Oh, god. Nonstop history and panic. At least we imagine that that's what it was. That's what things. That's great. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six. You've got to rise. That's here from some people who never saw the godfather. Because you actually can't believe that there's nobody ever saw. At least the first one. The original one. Godfather. Much less parts two and three. Yeah, I saw the first two and now the third one. That's all right. What? It's not all right. It is all right. No, it is not all right. He continues to have a positive impression of the godfather's series. There are things in Godfather three that you are seeing. Okay. Things will give him the command acting. We sent that aside. Eli Wallick. Sophia Copola. George Hamilton. Some horrible horrible. Horrible. Horrible dialogue. Now they will fear. Now they will fear you. And Michael turns the buzzer. Maybe the auditor for you. It was almost like a parody of the first two in some ways. But I still say here's a. Here's a movie that had the balls to tell the story of the Vatican banking scandal. The assassination of a Pope and yet nobody even. Because the acting was so bad. That's what made it really a crime. Because the story in there was even more powerful than the first two. And remember he was hanging from the. Yeah. That was his name Roberto. I mean that was a true story. Yeah. Now that was a true story. Oh, no. It's fiction. Yeah, right. And of course I like to think with the eyeglasses and the neck. That's always a good. Yes, right. That's why I got these real thin titanium frames now. Just in case. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. I know. Okay, sir. What's going on? Listen, two things real quick. You were just. I just like to read. What we said, you know. Go ahead. I said, how's this thing going? You were just talking about no books. You know, I just saw blazing shadow that haven't seen it for a while. I haven't seen it in about 100 years. Let me tell you that movie. There's no way that I would fly if that was made nowadays and put out. It was like, I, I, I saw it. And I was like, man, I can't believe what she did back in like 73 when the movie was released. I was like, the way what you know, now it is. It would be like for get it, you know, the end of the world. The other thing I found back with big giant steps were taking backward, right? You know what I wanted to ask you was, really, but we're seeing all of your content, correct? She liked the Hitler, lady. Yes. She's the word police. That's correct. Okay. Let me ask you, did you put an answer? The one bit you had for years and years, it's like the lesson that you were. It's a bit of a secret of freeway. Is that a new no now? Well, actually we can play that. I do like that. Oh, that would be killer man. Coming up right after we waited. Coming up right after the great foul. I'm glad you mentioned it. It's one of the 15 we can still play. Thanks. Oh, I don't know how to play. Boy boy. Yeah. Remember today we played that. I said, well, I'll see how much of this we can play. Actually there's nothing in there. Well, at least not that we can find. I'll show if we've passed it by that bitch. Yeah. Hey, guys, you think we can go? No. No. No. It was a bad mistake. Somebody made a really bad error in judgment when they brought that bitch. And I'm going to tell you that right now. And then I want to give her power over a business that she knows nothing about. That was really stellar. No. Nice going honey. Man. Clarax of three face protest gate festival planned for Jerusalem. Boy. Boy. International gate leaders are planning a 10 day worldwide world pride festival and parade in Jerusalem and August. Say they want to make a statement about tolerance and diversity in the Holy City. That's tolerance and perversity. Home to three great religious traditions. Now major leaders of the three face Christianity, Judaism and Islam, are making a rare show of unity to try to stop the festival. They say the event would disagree to city and convey the erroneous impression that homosexuality is acceptable. You're fairy. They're creating a deep and terrible sorrow that is unbearable. Shlomo Amar Israel Sephardic tea rabbi said yesterday and a new conference in Jerusalem attended by Israel's two tea rabbi's. They paid their acts of the Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox and our many in churches and three senior Muslim prayer leaders. It hurts all religions. We're all again it. You see? First religions they can't agree on anything except when it comes to bigotry and hate and intolerance. And they're all minded and they're standing up. Yeah. We're with you. Abdel Aziz Bukarya Sufi Sheek added, we can't permit anybody to come and make the Holy City dirty. They so dirty. This is very ugly and very nasty to have these people come to Jerusalem. And of course we know that there are no framers in Israel right? Right. What are you building religious? No. No. Is there any authority that is not indicated what actually if anything might take to the limit the events? Then an festival was seen on lightly though the government could withhold a required permits for specific events like a parade. Oh, now what it goes. Interfait agreement is unusual in Israel. Believe Israel and opposition was initially generated by the Beverly O. G. of Inetti. And evangelical pastor from San Diego who was both a veteran of the American culture war over homosexuality and a frequent visit in Israel who responded to relationships with rabbis and politicians. In other words, he's a professional homophobic. Organized as a gay private event, Jerusalem World Pride 2005 said that 75 non-orthodox rabbis had signed a statement of support for the event and a Christian and Muslim leaders as well as Israeli politicians were expected to announce their support soon. They said that we just made to see what the United Republicans was their objection to homosexuality. That is something that I've never witnessed before such an attempt to globalize bigotry said, how gay, L.A. that's how gay, L.A. The executive director of Jerusalem open out say, gay and lesbian group that's hosted the festival. It's quite said and ironic that these religious figures are coming together around such a negative message. Oh, yeah, it's very unusual, isn't it? Yeah. When we're led to this topic, they're about negative messages. Of course, you know, they're all probably doing it. Well, now what is this, this living will I got here? Oh, it's just a cute humorous thing. The real message is at the bottom of it. I see a few of that, and I worthwhile. I wish you to save my paper. Sorry. Twelve minutes after one, the other thing with the living will, and somebody suggested we put that on our website. Maybe we ought to put a link to it there because there is a living will. What do you think? Whatever. What do you mean by that? I think a lot more people say, if nothing else, you know, all these corny things about well. It's something good. Come out of this Terry thing. You know what that's you? Then what do we talk about for a month? Come on. Let's not make the easy, the lazy way out. I put them a bimbo on there with no name. That's good, by the way. She's high. I'll try to be real celestial. No. No, no, no. If I'm just joking about that, she's outstanding. It's a lot of best pictures we've had on there at a very long time. Almost as erotic as the boon in the box. Well, hey, I'm going to tell you one thing, man. When he was young, he was a pretty guy. You know, he was pretty real, pretty. And that was pretty old and pretty idiotic. Although he had a brother, you know, that was a vegetable. I think his brother was carrot top. 113, and 560, WQA, and I'm sure you're familiar with that by now with anything. Caliando, our main man, an acceptance count of the mortgage. So before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know. Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products? And if you're credited less than absolutely positively. Absolutely. You're ready to hit the most famous tool at awarding the English language. And oh. If you're not working with the right lender chances, you're getting approved. There are only 50 50. So do yourself a big fat favor. Call right now. Call Anthony Calliando, the main man. One, triple eight, four eight three loan. Let the main man in his team put you into mortgage and meet your needs. Avoid going to the wrong lender. Maybe even being turned down because you called the wrong number. Call the main man today at acceptance count of the mortgage. Tool free. It's one triple eight, four eight three loan. That's one eight eight eight, four eight three loan. No, forget. Every time they close alone, a person's don't have the kids in distress. Or I call anybody else, award the old maintenance wish. Call Anthony Calliando, the main man today at eight eight eight eight. Four eight three L-O-A-N. Four listen to Neil Rogers. One, two, one. One, five six six eight. A Q-A-M. Three, five eight. Two, five, five six. Oh, W-Q-A-M. Turned about. One, two, one, that house, jump. Listen. Turned about. Turned about. Hello. What is warm up? All say, you've come here often. Pardon me? Have you been here before? No, first time. What's your name? Freeway. Freeway, that's nice. I'm sick of it. It's the nature. It gets my hair. You know, you were here to get clean. I don't know. You were with work around here. I'm a waiter, but I actually am an actor. You know, yeah, yeah, I know. What's the top? You probably need to rely on. Oh, I'll say. But you know, with everything it's a news and all, it's a pain. You can start relaxing right now. Freeway. I brought something blue, uh, sheep, and freeway. Not just any sheep either. Wow. Wow. Gold, romance. You can't even be condom. Here's the most important part, freeway, to the pro-tapped label. Pro-tapped, uh, heart does endure. By the city council of San Francisco. Uh, absolutely. You know the pro-tapped slogan bill. You're not sure, dude. 35 states by the city by the bay. Uh, well, what do you say? Sorry. Look at that. I dropped this soap again. Now, getting you bet your life he will. And with confidence. Because freeway and spikot have condoms. Don't let worries for you. Those chance meetings and public showers. Always carry. Pro-tapped. The ROC, E.T.T. To buy my free-ed can be the ROC.T.T.T.T.T. Then does it know a solidity. The guy's been practicing. The guy's been practicing. Oh, don't doubt. Know what it's all about. The pro-tapped sheep. So they won't send you. All right. Protect condoms. The vision of black flag. How can guidance? That's the bold vision. Keeping situation changed since 18. He said that. You're fair. 119 in QAM. So 195 vote on the poll. If we'd approached, we could've done a thousand in today. But you know what? I just don't, I'm not a new one. Tired of pushing. Tired of pushing. Other than politics, in fact, remember the thing? Was it you to put the, uh, did the push in? Right. We've got the end there. Yeah. How can we even play it though? Was it you? Yeah. Hey, your man. That's not seeing your head. I think we can play that, can we? Yeah. You know what? You're going to go with that? Hey, young man. This is hard. Doesn't not see you hanging around my house or not. I want to talk to you about what you need to do. I wasn't here now. I want to put it this way. Yeah. What did you who did the push in? Put the stains upon the push in. Put the Prince on the dashboard upside down. Hey, right. What did you, you, Barack Obama. Messing with my daughter Jill. If it was, you'd better leave this town. We're going to say. Yes. I would be pushing. Put the stains upon your clicking. Put the Prince on your dashboard upside down. Yeah. Put the Prince on this. See if your daughter avance. I will pass in water. So I guess we're even all around. Why are you like this? Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Oh, don't do it. Hey, we can play that. So there's two of them. Hey, we're going to enjoy a Saturday like that. Better pass it by. Do I still before play it again? Seven or ninety five votes. Other than politicians who is death, you most eagerly await. And of course we started this poll. I wrote it last night before Terry died in 95 this morning. Terry died. Terry fall well to 82. Terry shovel 133. You got your wish. You heartless bastards. The Pope 103. Mohour Dabody is open up a little bit of a lead on me. Mohs got 56. My own 48. That's a bunch of suicidal people out there. We can understand. Probably mostly cars. The O'Rages 47. Mohs got me by a nine right now. My mother in law 23. Don I'm a 18 to tell cancer of 17. OJ 15. Worse than ball 11. Robert Novak 11. My spouse 11. George and George Steinbrinner. Four. George and Jorge. Four piece. Scott Peterson. Three. Prozac. Ron. Three. Reverend Jones. My ex spouse. Two. Greg Reed's got one. Father. He's got the big. Oh, so far. I've been in time. I'm telling you one thing. If there are people having seen the Godfather, the exes, the network and you know, there are just a few that are mandatory deliverance. Right. I think that all like teenagers before they graduate should see Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Oh, and now one. Man. Here's what awaits you. There he is. Where did your longest trade? You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just to help us. To help men who are going out there. To try to earn a living. You company man. You're fairy. Well, that sounds like some dialogue. You know, because he's screaming at the boss. Can you imagine somebody young or less. Yeah, I've got to talk to their manager like that. Well, that's right. I was just thinking about stuff. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. 5 60. I'm a Verizon. Sing it a wireless line. WKM. Hello. Not there. I'm lying once. You don't lie. Mark it down. WKM. I lost. I'm glad I'm out of trouble. How about a Q. Hello. Yes sir. No. Hey, I just want to set something straight. I was first in the beginning of the most show yesterday. Yes sir. And he did not say you was going to kill you. Yeah. He was going to throw a walk. He said you was going to kick somebody's ass. But he did not mention you by name. Yeah. The only reason I'm bringing that up is because that's the wireless The tenderness is him doing what a bunch of mouth. We didn't monkey that with you. You're the same as our brain monkey. Brain monkey is you. Okay. But even say you didn't threaten me to wreck your personal life. Are you out to the local? No, yeah. Yeah. I'm a serial killer. I don't know. There you go. Okay. We love you. Thanks for straightening you out in the story too. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon. Sing it a wireless line. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get sex. I'm going to get guilty. I'm going to get this one. I'm going to get this one. I'm going to get a hang out. I'm going to get a hang out. More against the world. That's his life. You know. It's small against the universe. W 2 a.m. Hello. Yeah. Hi. What's the default? Yes sir. Yeah. I'm going to give you a talk about your infinity hand and pop out. Oh, good one. Good. Good. I love. Thank you so much. All right. Benny and Paul's cross. Yeah. Don't make excuses. He's a pro. He's had it. Playing catch up. He's an even catcher. He said no man is in my fries. I think God eats fries. Right. He won't. He won't. He won't. God eats a McDonald's. Brutin King or Wendy's. I'll play it. Certainly not. And play with. I'm going to. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and Sing it a wireless line. Maybe it's his finger. Ah. Maybe it was the finger of God. And that's really that could be. God eats a Wendy's. He did the jack. He did his finger on it. Yeah. God eats it when these. The long finger of the Lord is in your fries. Like Michael Jackson used to say then little kids. The long finger of Michael is in your thighs. W to Q a m. Hello. Any deal. Did you catch a fuck or something? Or in Levi. No George Sado. Ah man. It was great. It was a great. That's very shallow. That was great. It was what I heard. Yeah. You heard. George. I told me it was great. They were doing a Terry Shival by stuff. But of course now she died. They got to go before she was dead. And they were going to say it's a good thing they got it in there. She died. Yeah. She died. And I know find this morning. They finally were able to put an end of a lot of me. She just died. You know because they pulled that. She was in the influential social council. Oh look at that. This is all the stuff. They got the crucifix there. And there's Randall Terry screaming in the other. And the grow light. Grow family. Republican people of various legislative levels. Statewide and federal wife who have used grow light. And they have been a conservative rhetoric to get into power. And then when they have that power, they refuse to use it. Right. You should vote about Randall. Yeah. Now he's just going to go up. Everybody up. 20's going down. That's his answer to everything. Old Schurum up Randall. Somebody QAM hello. Hi Neil. I know it would be improper for you to suggest this. Somebody QAM hello. I think everybody should celebrate for him. Maybe that's who I guess that's who I was talking about. Somebody is going to kick somebody's ass. It was him. We'll hold him down. Yeah. Somebody QAM hello. What's up Neil. I'll go. Okay. Hey just so you know how to west and while they're falsifying all their police statistics on solid crimes and now today should rate off our violent parkway. So the ramp's 55 when you get off the ramp, but they're sitting right there to give you a ticket when you go in 30. So thanks. It can Jenny and the BSO for falsifying all our browser crimes statistics. You're not cheap. You can see people pay you fast to you. Excellent. Good job paling. Couldn't have said a bit of myself. Can Jenny man, the possum? Maybe he's just playing possum. Speaking of people with a bad ball spot. He is an untrass man. He is just ran bunches. I'm just curious to see how. I mean the other ones it's obvious. Fallwell's got a licked. Right? Does he? But me and Moe, 57 for Moe, you both 48 for yours. Truly. I can catch him. I'm going to put my nose to the ground. Normally, your body gets loosen. Why does it open? 2016 for Theo. That's you there. A-Ohh! Ambrate body, aimetre body... Drawed the time... The community sang a-way of time. A-Parsjon Bear... right now. Here we are the So I'm glad you're here to do. The great is a great is to walk me from the old peace. Oh my God. One thirty two is something's right in Denmark. Baby I can smell all the wheel over here. It's a laughing. I mean it's a laughing over here. Waffles. Twenty eight toe two at QM. We got a star set of line up today. And now tomorrow 11 thirty of those numbers come out. Boys that pressure packed are one. What? I don't know what. The parents of girls under 18 would have to be notified when their daughters are seeking an abortion under one or two abortion measures. Probably yesterday. By a legislative committee's in Tallahassee. Huh. The other would spell out and away of regulations that a abortion clinic will have to abide by. For morals dealing with sterilizing equipment and the training of employees. To requirements for having certain rooms and equipment. Sponsors of that bill said it's aimed at making sure abortions and extracurricular are safe. Noting they're not regulated as thoroughly as other healthcare facilities. But a parent said that bill simply singles out abortion clinics for extracurricular regulations as another way to make a difficult for them to operate. Oh. Both measures gain easier approval. The parental notice bill still must be heard in one more committee if we're can reach the full sentence for a vote. The measure adding regulations for abortion clinics is headed to the House floor for a vote. The legislature slightly expected to pass a parental notice law because it voted last year for a proposed constitutional amendment to make such a law possible. And voters approved the ballot measure in no November. How about 45 for abortion notice? What do you say? I have a date for a sub from your parents and from Alberto Gonzalez and was in Maine and Ilyana Rosanna Dana. What do you say all of these things? That's Florida. There's your fan asked Governor by the way somewhere in a parking garage this year related to her case and I encourage them and I appreciate it both. I'll start with one more on anyway. Here's the fact that says from Brian. Oh yeah, this is Brian is not Chinese. It turns 50 tomorrow. April Fool's Day. Well, 50 is a spring chicken convertible fart like me. Are you here last? I heard it. He says, Maul has no grasp of the concept of your show. He is the new kid in town. He's been here for a first of all. If he's a kid boy, good like to all of us. And number two, he's been on his gym with his for three years now. You know, I mean, is that going to be the new kid in town? It says Mr. Howard David aka Mo never mentioned in his rent that he was looking to find certain people or to fire certain people off your radio station yesterday when he arrived at QAM. Hank before his arrival called him Howard B. by name. Mr. Howard David aka Mo was going to change a radio with comprehensive chat, including sports. Every time you play a Howard David aka Mo, but it's publicity him last week, he was saying his daughter was expecting a baby. I was dumped for suggesting a name, Monique. Now, it would be kind of you. We're not Monique. What's wrong with that? It's a good name. I like that name, but they dumped him. Many of us train monkeys will now be waiting for Mr. Howard David, show aka Mo, starting at 2 p.m. for his response. Have a tape rolling, says Brian. Maybe I will, maybe I won't. And maybe we do, maybe we don't. And quite frankly, it's, it's a flying, you know, fake place. Get really pondressed, you know, this whole business of this outrage, this anger, hate for this poll, and I know he can try to make me look back. Yeah. I got to know this for a man. When you keep carrying on like some kind of a overgrown child, it doesn't take anything by anybody else to make you look bad. Okay, just make yourself look like a petulant. Humorless child in long pants. Or maybe in short pants, like out on the golf course. But that's right, if I don't wear my real sloppy pants, when I'm in town next week, you know, by the extra sloppy baggy ones, I'm sure to still around. No, you. WWE QAM, hello. WWE QAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a note for your fall. Yes. Another George. George, stop me up here. Yeah, okay. Other than politicians, who's day out, there you go. Brilliant. Brilliant, really brilliant, pal. Okay, you got a real. I'm a little bit of a rocket scientist, okay. WWE QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. Do you celebrate for him? WWE QAM, hello. WWE QAM, hello. Yeah, like to put Ken Jennings on the list of digits. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Hmm, I can't change. He said Ken Jennings. That's to show that you would watch because it's for sues. Right, right. Whatever you said. Right. You watch it? Yeah, but it's not for sues. Don't put yourself in jeopardy. It's for sues, man. You don't know any of the answers. I don't care about the answers. If I knew the answers, I really questioned my existence. Who says it means anything? Hmm, no, above your love. I like a Wheel of Fortune, okay? It works to me. I like playing the game because you know I like watching Mr. On TV. I dislike it. Sorry. And I guess most of the puzzles too, because it's for simple things like me, okay. Anything a little more intellectual than that, it's beyond my scope. Oh, and of course scope, you can drink that too. You. WWE QAM, hello. More Neil, are you doing? Okay. Good evening. Are you a whole, you have George on their way out? Is that that mental manipulation you were talking about? Yes, that's it. You got it. You got it. You're on to a CM. Of course, the only problem is I'm looking at it right now. And Benny Hinn and Paul Croch are last with the big O. My exposition's got two five of the shandley's got two. And George is up there even past George Simoner. Those George Rodriguez got five. How do you like that? He's alive and he got five. Well, I still live right now. For now, but you never know. Especially a QA, I mean, if anybody's going to get the gas. WWE QAM, hello. Hey Neil, how are the going to serve? Pretty good. Especially if Josh Frieden comes back for a visit. Yes. Do you remember the character on top father that said we hit him with five shots on these still alive? Yeah. What's his name? Salatso. Bruno. Salatso. Somebody heard his name. That two him. No, no. He's the one that said that, um, the one that tried to take out. Let me say that. Go to your virtual Salatso. Pay no attention. What George is saying? Trust me when I tell you. Okay. And have a great day. Have a great day. Now, what are you trying to say? It was one of the soldiers reporting to Salatso who said it. No. Okay. The guy comes over. He's got Tom Hagen. I just a kid in that Tom Hagen. Well, I really kid in that. They just are going to try and throw one of his business. And they come out and they're standing outside. And the guy comes in. But it was a little bit of a buzz. Salatso report is zero. And Salatso said, they're going to be a little bit of a buzz. And Salatso said, they hit him with five shots. And he's still alive. You're correct. And then he says, that's bad news for him. And bad news for you. If you don't sell the deal of some. Just for me. Right. Bad news. If you don't sell the deal of a Santino. It's bad news for you. Right. Right. You're questioning my Salatso expertise man. Sorry. I'm moving my job. Virgil Salatso. And of course, Captain McClossby played by the great, uh, was a name Robert Strillin. Right. Sterling. Sterling. Sterling. Sterling. Sterling. Okay. Not Heiman. Hey, man. I remember Bobby Heiman and the dating show. Much to say. And look at the next spot on the law. What does it say there? What does it say on the law? Look at that Josh. Yeah. What does it say on the first spot? Sterling. Sterling. Sterling. Sterling. How do I do? How do I do? She'll take him. I don't get how many day go get any what? Free Spole. Come back. Come out on the wood. It's new. And if that burger king. Godfather trilogy action figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all ten mob action figures with each wiper, fries and super large drink. And that's a super large drink. No exceptions. Get Sonny in his favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carl O. After he punches out Sonny's sister or gets a bullet riddle body of Sonny after he gets it at the Jersey Tolboot. Oh, isn't that great? Impress all your friends with the Don himself. I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember it's only business and it's a further game. Help pass it on. I play. So tell it right now. Kind of fits right in with that rubber meat. 144 us rubber rubber meat. Now nutrition among the youngest Iraqis is almost doubled. I thought everything was grow well over there. Oh, we're fine. Now nutrition among the youngest Iraqis is almost doubled. What are you yelling about? Has almost doubled since the US light of age and toppled Saddam Hussein a hunger specialist told you when the human rights body yesterday in a summary of previously reported studies on health and Iraq. You can't complain about the health there because there is many. Now nutrition which is exacerbated by a lack of clean water and adequate sanitation is a major killer of children and poor countries. Children who survive are usually physically and mentally impaired for life and more vulnerable to disease. The situation facing Iraqi youngsters is the result of the war led by coalition forces. They said, Jean Ziggler, you and human rights commissions special expert. She said, her previous targets have included swiss banks, China, Brazil is really treatment of Palestinians. Overall more than a quarter of her back in children. No kid enough to eat. US allocation of the coalition countries declined to respond to with presentation which compiled the findings of studies connected by this specialist. They just are mom and I've got them to say that. Now we don't have an underboss. Right? Things are hunky donkey. They're okay. They're okay. They're okay. They're okay. They're okay. Seriously, he ought to be taken out to the O.K. for no peace swans. Never be able to cross. Yes. How they took the god in the woods? Yes. 560, 0560 pound-560 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. Come at a Q.A.M. There. What a shock. Come at a Q.A.M. Hello. You know, good afternoon. Good afternoon sir. A couple quick things. I could not believe that George Bush could not. He'd be in talk about the very shallow thing. Refer Hannibal. Number two, the Pope looks like a rabbi. Number three, Howard David. Go away. Goodbye. Oh man. He touched all the bases there, huh? Oliver. Look like our rabbi. He said. And I'm not with that color. Beanie on. I don't think. You see a rabbi with a pink beanie like that. And probably you're going to say. You fair. Yeah. I never saw a rabbi with a pink beanie. Well, the Pope is your color coordinator. You know, that all those getchkeys over there. They got the green. The green ones are my favorites. Oh, those are beauties. You know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. The red ones. The real plush velvet. The thick green and the red ones. Oh, man. Real thick velvet. And of course, the altar boards are going to get a hold of it. They say, can that be felt? And unfortunately, usually it is. Sometimes by the switch guard. Double Q.A.M. Hello. I just punched about seven lines. Q.A.M. Hello. I know. Yes. I asked a question about the guard father. My favorite subject. Please, you went ahead. This is a very popular sense of radio man. Bruno saw us a little bit. Yeah. You were talking about celestial. For some reason. He was a civilian, but they referred to him as a turk or something. Yeah. He's a turk. Very good with a knife. But only matters. Was he supposed to be? He was because they were like, oh. Sorry. He was a turk. Yeah. Yeah. So, what about the Italians in Turkey? He's a turk Italian. What about the Americans? Of course they are. Are the Americans speaking Italian? I'm sure. Well, the Republicans didn't. They got an appointment there. So let's go. I want to check it out. Yeah. Really? Yeah. They're going to take it out. Yeah. A moment of life, like a lower life than the Sicilian. No. A little bit of upper class Sicilian. Let's check it out. Will we check it out? Will we check it out? do some very heavy duty investigation on it. Do you think, huh? No. Oh. Make some sense to me though, but that it before doing is the church. Remember that we're having that meeting? They discussed it when he wanted to get them involved in the drugs and that white powder. A lot of the same stuff. There's a lot of money in that white powder. Were that? Oh, you mean to tell me that you're going to guarantee you and my little bit, remember that? And I'm really going to guarantee that. I think I got that. Wait a minute. What he says, sometimes they talk, and I don't have that. I thought I had that. I'm a citizen. Oh yeah, now here it is. I do have it. It's up when they should listen. Yeah, we got to hold that. I was sent to my witness when I told him and I spoiled him as you had been seeing it. It's up when they should listen. Yeah. And if you didn't like that movie, we began to go to the G. Here's one. Where did you learn this trade? You idiot. But whoever told me that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just to help us. Just that seemed clear to help us, to help men who are going out there, to try to earn a living, to company men. You're fair. Yeah, I think that was a conversation between one of our salespeople and stiffy when he first came on board. Like about a week ago. 5 6705 16 pound 560 and he Verizon and Sinclair Ritalis line. He's doing a hell of a job at that guy. WDQAM. Hello. What? WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Hi. OK. WDQAM. Hello. Who's up? Who's up? Who's up? Go ahead you turn way up and to back. Going once, going twice. I hate to on this one, I bet you it's going to be really good. Hello. Hey. your what, see you both. Ah! meow. Excellent choice, Dave Friedmann, get in honor. Ohio. Go ahead you can put on there. What do you say? Oh and you don't want our forgot to play? What did you forget to play? I forgot to play. Oh yeah. In other of my post-Peller friends, who hates Now, who's a good boy to bat with, go! I'm a good boy to bat in the garden, I'm a good boy! He said honey, not funny, go! So when you make him a bat, get to the bride and go! What the hell? What the hell? I'm a good boy! That man's a- It feels no longer wicked I'm gonna hold it down and I can do it with me Take it up a big road, blow this back Oh, oh, oh, oh You don't need my dispel, if you tell where it's at Hey, oh Hey, oh Hey, oh Hey, oh There's a rational thing, bad guy She'd allow the meat to boil, bad guy Bad man, cheap to the child in the house Who would need the skips, like dogs, and cows Oh Oh Oh Oh Yo It's a deal, it's just half of yon The banana republic, baby, only in Miami. Micky Mouse, I'll have a Mr. Mouse. It's my galizer. Michaelizer? What are you doing in front of my phone, man? I'm sorry, Mom. It's not the other one. I'm not the other one. What do you want? It's Michaelizer, sir. It's not Johnny Ozzman. It's Michaelizer. It's Michaelizer. The touch president. Oh boy, I'm the good morning, sir. I know most done with you, pal. Sir? I was looking at the reins for this nightmare you had to go through. I'm not going to bring you get me out of here. What is smashing success, sir? It was the thing was in the toilet. It was unbelievable. It's a breakdown, the demigrow. You know what? I didn't say that. I'm just happy. It's over. Sir, I believe the second go around. We'll be much better. The second go around. You must be on crack. We're not doing that thing again. Why do you want to bring that back? Because the first time around, you barely missed toppling the entire network. Well, sir, it's already done. Well, you mean it's already done. Nobody ever told me it was already done. Hang on. We must. I'm on the phone with. Dreamer. You. What the hell are you doing? I'm trying to do it, ma. Don't you worry, Rima. That's not quiet enough, Rima. A blooper. Things like a lion pet. Go. Sir, out of age, weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here too. Instead of 15 nights, 40, spray night. It's already night, so buy a celebrity. Get me out of here. You can't make. And the celebrities 10 times better. Oh, my God. We've got. Come on. Rima. Rima. Rima. Hey, don't. Say, don't harm on. I'll slide it up your back and walk it out. Rima. Rima. All right. We've got Bernie Cappell. Who? Bernie Cappell. The doctor from the labo. Oh, for heaven's sake. So he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial. We've got a real hotty. Adrian Barbot. Oh, my God. She's terrible. And someone I know you'll love. Billy Bush. Oh, I am in it. Is that the president's a normal man? That's the president's annoying nephew. That's the one. Oh, for heaven's sake. You can't put him on there. And hold on. Rima. Rima. Rima. Rima. Come on. Come on. Rima, come on. Rima, come on. Get in, you both. Stop doing. What are you making? They're going to nuke a den of both. What's wrong with my old credenza? She's like a shot. My shellac, I'm shot. It's right. You're like a shot. Oh, you're gone. Oh, I don't care who you have on the black man. Oh, we've got to have some major deal with Sir Sir. We got shot, thank you, sir. And letter Nemoy. Even Rima doesn't remember the one who had Nemoy. You're at your both. Rima, I wasn't addressing you. All right, well, but he was so stupid. Rima is on. I'm surrounded by idiots. Hey, Rima. I thought I told you to put that harmonica. I'll be a butt. Sorry, I bought it. Oh, so far in the office. Rima's coming. I'll tell you what, it's good that we've had any audio of Rima's farting. There would be indeed, uh, do do, you know, yes. Oh, full. So this big. Yeah, the reason I haven't played a lot of those is because they're in here under, uh, like, with a slash, you know what I mean? Right. I suppose we're, I thought they were. So I apologize to them for, for you, see. We'll do a lot of Mickey and, uh, eyes and stuff. Uh, maybe all day tomorrow after the rain is come up. 887 votes on a poll today other than politicians who's death, you most eagerly await. Jerry fall well 294. Terry Shival 138 just to get it over with already, and she did it 95 this morning, too late. The Pope 112. Mohour David at 65, near Rogers 52. Mohour is open up a 13 vote lead on me, but I'm right on his tail. My own 49 49 suicidal people out there, and after talking to many of them, it's easy to understand. Oh, Jay's got a third man. I'd be like that. Fiddell 27. My mother allowed 24. Rush the box 21. I am his 18. The I am man. Botanical bank 12. My spouse 11. Little George 8. Scott Peterson 6. Reverend Jones 4. George Steinman or 4. Greg Reed 3. My expo 3. Prozac Ron 3. Father Shanley 2. Then he hinted one. And so far, Dave Friedman and Paul Crotch. You've got the big. Bye bye.