Why do you ask me? I'm proud! If you listen to WRIELD, Reshows the day time all day You never know the final way And they are finally First words don't you know the truth It's always a cold for you Tony first you chose it I can't be fair enough by now Don't we give the crap about it You'll bet it's a talent that brings the glory And if that's all they're got to tell That talent is good out Everybody is paying for love And I'm proud! What are you doing out there? If you win the country, what will be said and full You may be jammed in the sea But all you'll have to see on the sea And I'm proud! You'll bet it's a cold for you And I'm proud! It's always a cold for you Tony first you chose it I can't be fair enough by now Don't we give the crap about it You'll bet it's a talent that brings the glory And if that's all they're got to tell That talent is good out Everybody is paying for love And I'm proud! I'm proud! I'm proud! I'm proud! I'm proud! Well, you're sure that's the people who are not right now Bye-bye! Thanks for being with us just for getting our boots on This is August 16th That was the last Howard Stern show on QA I guess Howard had a call about that this morning Just one I don't understand that to you How's that pineapple? No This has been widely publicized And this show, but all the South Florida media All week long since Tuesday And for some of us out of reason They just, maybe nobody cares Maybe it's just not a big deal Maybe they're all going to be dragging up to Tom Bates to listen to the buzz Are they going to be listening online Or maybe they just don't give a flying crap But anyway, there's no point crying over Spilt Beans It's just another one a series of I already what word to you It's wonders, emberessments, humiliation What you call it? The crap By the way, before going to that I discovered this by accident I'm watching the news here last night Red Cross of Canada is guaranteeing people that 85 to 95% of Every dime that's donated is going to be victims These tsunami relief victims And so I'm going to send them a check Yesterday, I don't know if somebody asked me about that Or I mentioned, yeah somebody talked about that Remember? Yes I do And I said I'm not giving it a dime to any of these organizations We're like 90% of the money gets eaten up with You know, bureaucratic bullcraft Like the United Way for example No way, the United Way I mean if you give money to charity Almost all of it I mean here you can understand Some people have to get paid to facilitate whatever's going on But other than that, like I want to see The overwhelming majority go to the people who need it Right? Right? So Red Cross of Canada then maybe you want to check out the American Red Cross I don't know, I'm a little dubious of them But you might want to check that out right? Unless you just want to like hand over some money And hope that it gets there And you can be on that Oh, so the child will afford it along Or Or Maybe you can wait for that CD to come out Of course by that time there are going to be a lot of people in disparate streets And boxes or whatever Which is really slow, excuse me Well I see this going to be an opera living Here's another reason for Josh to rip opera living She's going to be involved in some celebrity concert It's a benefit concert for the tsunami victims Do you want to seize the opportunity? No, no good for her No, but I mean it's just silly I mean the intentions obviously are good But just the whole thing is so super silliest Hey, Avril, right at Track OK honey Just write out a big fat one I cut the crap, she's making millions I mean I like her a lot I think she's cute, she's fighting Josh in the beast's horrendous attacks I mean just grow, test, weight over the top attacks So that's it, that's the end of this whole madness What's it, today? Today, January the 7th we do not, I'm wasn't joking about that We don't have a schedule for next week But I don't Very jackass seems to have his stomach And oh Joel, what's your guy named Joel? Find Berges after guy named from, yeah From the CEO Oh, I know, I'm curious from Time, time, media group, another sports nerd With a lot of money this one Who decided, oh we're going to go on air What is that all about? Can you tell me? Why is it that there's this whole series of people who think that they're going to put on another sports station in this market And kick our ass What's the need for that all the time? The defense kick anybody's ass beside their own? How about 940 Foxy, Foxy, Waxy, whatever that thing is Oh no, yeah, but this time it's different Yeah, we got to numbers all right, by the way, when we get to Jim Sarny's To write, I got to numbers right here in my hand, Joel, find Berge Yeah, the Humphor was running away from Danle Bastard and Stugot Oh, well, he saw Danle Bastard coming That was, you'd run away too, I'm sure that And Stugot's nice guy, but again, Doesn't belong on the air just to say hello or goodbye He's the PD over there Probably based on that smashing success he added Fox Sports, 940, yeah So that's anyway, there are all the articles about we feel we have a pencil Then for next week, what the line up is, and then of course, and then we, well, let's do the break Is what we ought to do, right? We should, no you think we ought to, because we're starting Monday We get back like to 10 and 2, like the audience really will know what time we start We're gonna be in the mountains in mornings and we did And it was around the clock for five seconds We are Hey, it's Howard, how it's been? Everyone loved William Homes bang up job on American Idol And now all of William Homes greatest hits are on one of amazing CD hits Homes up on Homes Oh, my baby, can you call me, it's not out because you're up before the eye No, my show, hey, yeah Yes, from upcast to jail, everyone's hung up on Homes Hey, hello in the house, don't be fooled by a rock that I got I fear I still feel it from breath Hey, you still have a little now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't get them out of hung up on Homes I'm a man and a club, far off for a club, but I'm not what you need If you need a few more bars, it's worth a lot more than 50 cents Oh, you know, you'll also get this great bonus CD On American Idol, Lizard sings the American Idol winner Cool, fair and rough Oh, what happened to you? He's been the fan there, no longer need to be the fanfare Goodbye, oh you win wrong He's true William Homes hung up on Homes, only available for the next 15 minutes of the same So don't delay, call me out Oh, look at that, I didn't realize we had more than one picture there I say Kristen Dunst It's a montage She's really skanky by the way No, yes, no, yes, no At least in this picture, right? I was trying to tell you this morning, they're not very flattering but nevertheless Anyway, there's the first, the world's first, the premier of Kristen Dunst movies Right In fact, no human has ever seen him before, even when she looks in the mirror She's very bashful So we got curtain Dunst, if anybody doesn't know who Kristen is You haven't seen Spider-Man, right? Right, for that vampire movie or about 100-in-right Well, I'll get to that April 30th 19 lead to April 1 I thought it was born in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, isn't it? Pleasant, look at the whole series This is bonus time today It's bonus time How many we got for And then we still got for Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha For Alia, a little nift shot there for you Anyway, Kristen Dunst, let's see, Spider-Man 3, Marie Antoinette For 2006 Well, Spider-Man 3, that's 2007 Well, they sure are up time far ahead, don't they? Yeah, they do It was of the town is in post production for this year Now, Wimbledon, Spider-Man 2, eternal son, son of a spotless mine Was met on our thing yesterday It was, on a pollable get to that Death in life of Nancy Eden Moldemelisa smile Kind of a La Profit TA No, a French chef like Ooh, our levity, Spider-Man They catch me out, crazy, slice beautiful Get over it Oh, man, for let's see She's how old she's 25, 20, 23 Okay, but she's been in 8,000 movie Yeah, she's busy All forgotten, savage garden Deeply bring it on, lucky town, the crow salvation Oh, she was in movie called Dick Yes, you got it, gorgeous I got this one Burgents who are sides A.K.A. Sofia Coppola's divergence who are sides Oh, Sophie, Sophie How you doing, Sophie? The Devil's arithmetic Stories from my childhood Striped the animated adventures of Tom Sour, she was voice of Becky Fathier And it's a 15 in pregnant Waved it on, Waved it on, Waved it on Tower of Terra Mother night, the C.J. Ruby Ridge Wow, she's been doing stuff Let's see her first movie that she's credited on here 1989, which made her like 70 years old, a child star New York's story, she wasn't even credited in that Ooh, huh, on far of the vanities 1990 So that would have made her eight years old Star, didn't realize that Kristen Buster She is fresh from Spider-Man She's working on Spider-Man 3 right now With that very emotional Toby McGuire Anyway, at least I'm assuming he'll be Spider-Man Oh, yeah, I can't remember that I'm actually taking a really worthwhile in there There's a pull result from yesterday What do you think was the best movie of 2004? In the beginning, I guess they liked this That when they saw that there was no contest They kind of like her lost her interest in this pool All we could have almost 1,400 votes But nevertheless, they were too keen on it They still can't see it Yep, he just came like that, he knew about the smell If it's Maddie Bell By the way, Maddie, don't lie, okay, Maddie We know you hate dirt, we were trying to get his ass fired Don't give us this crap Come running in there, oh, he's talking about eating Whatever, we can't say ass anymore Maddie, more What do you think was the best movie of 2004 we asked yesterday Fair and height 911 wins by a Zillion Miles 511 votes 514 hours, I look over there, printed this baby out For 514, what the F2 we know 181, well that must be pretty good considering Are you guys never heard of it, but a rush right out and get it Well, it's a good thing I read all that sort of intellectual Run-down, they review of the movie Passed up the Christ 84, Spider-Man 282 With Toby, we were in person Dunst Shrek 281, Kill Bill Volume 256, Meet the Focker Is 51, the incredible 48, Born Supremacy 46 Team America, which has got some hot puppets in it 34, yes it does How is it puppets or is it animated? It's a Mary and Eretz Really? Or does strings? I'll be damned Sideways 28, Harold and Kumar go to by Castle 26, Collateral 23, Gardens State 22, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind I think I was just talking about that 18 with Kirsten Dunst The AVeter 15, well that can't be the one with the Leo, can't it? Yeah, that's the one I know, I feel so bad for poor Carol and she's done so well over the years And her fax is in calls to us, but yesterday, yesterday's just a moment of emotion You know, she just became overcome with emotion with her She said she's editing it, but yeah, right Just like Maddie Bell didn't try to get you can right Hey, we're on you Maddie, you're not full of anybody Okay, the next time I'm in town, don't give me that smile and hand shake Okay, I'll step on your little ass, you'll rip him up old prune Get away from me Go back down to Hall to Power 96 where you belong And keep your nose out of QAM, you have nothing to do with this radio station Maddie Bell Get lost We hate you Tolerous stress 14, Collateral 11, Closer 10, at least we got the name right Thanks to that lady call, you realized that we were four for four this week We've had at least one female call every day But wouldn't that be exciting if we could make it a perfect clean sweet Mated dollar baby eight before sunset only six votes with Ethan Hawke and what's your name? What's your name? Tully Bell Pete, that's because I told you to be finished or what it is Let me sneak it to series of unfortunate events five, dogville four House of Flying Dagger's three, riding giants two and Kinsey had a pair Alfred Hensie, Kinsey had a pair Peter, you're never touched by human hands even as owners what I understand Nine American troops killed in Iraq We're starting, I'm not going to do since we're starting Monday, ten to two Back to that again, I'm not going to like do this crap we've been forced to do for last four months It is like nine days shy of four months at the Stern Shore last of the station So now here we go, shuffling the deck again I mean this is it's exciting I'll say that like Jim is starting his says it's not going to be boring By the way, you got your head so far, if you'll find Bruce as it's coming out of his earlobes Okay, who are you kidding man? What a tub, Jim is starting You're an old-futty daddy, you're a full man, you're a silly person You're out of a loaf with Maddie Bell, how do you like that? In fact, we're starting a little very jackass a lot better, you know? At least we get some information from him, right? In between he put it better in ballooning sandwiches That's not separate, that's combined by the way, peanut butter and ballooning A roadside bomb killed seventy West soldiers in northwest Baghdad Two Marines were killed in western Iraq on Thursday They did leave stay from Iraq in forces since the suicide attack on the west-based last month The bombing came as Iraq extended a state of emergency by 30 days Not turning man The battle militants whose attacks have served ahead of this month's elections The prime minister warned a number of assaults would only rise as voting day draws closer Twenty-three days away, it's supposed to be January 30 They command to review us ground forces in Iraq It allows that security is poor in four of eighteen Iraqi provinces But the ten-age general Thomas Metz told in briefing in the camp of LeBlanc The vote would only increase the danger, right? Anyway, so there's nine more dead American troops As the total approaches, fourteen hundred and very few people seem to care It just goes on and on, and immediately as busy with silly people like Tom We're just gonna have with the stage locals And I get lost, okay? Go back to Pennsylvania, get out of our face, you silly person you You think we're gonna get a lady collar before I start with all the very important programming stuff? No, but it's possible FBQAM hello Hello, yes sir Hello, how are you doing now? Okay Hey, George Yo yo I think it's so pretty if you get them No Hey Yeah Five six seven, five six eight you get them No, pound five sixty on the horizon singular wireless lines You probably send the IOD or something like that I don't see any lady collar in yet We just need one very briefly just to check in That would make a that would be the first weekend in ages and a coupons age that we had a lady collar At least one every day WQAM hello Lady line Yeah Yeah, there is one Yes sir Yeah Yeah Why do you have so much man? I don't hate how we're did all Oh, because now I'm just saying I grew up from New York listen to Howard And he actually listen to the answer me on your show I love you I don't know Why would you say I hate Howard? What make that? I'm not a lady that was Why? I'm not that I thought about your puss off and bottom How he always makes you run late and stuff But I just wanted to let you know that there is a Howard And I was certain I'll do by him Well thank god we love Howard I enjoy your show very much and very funny and actually my dad I told him about you for years but I never got around to listen to you I don't teach you how to do that Yeah Okay, thanks a lot, Polly Thank you man Ever great life See there you go Well why would people say I hate Howard? Howard was the person who instigated serious radio to contact me To see if I wanted to be on one of his networks on serious I don't hate Howard Stern I'm not the one who created a problem here That was our management that created that bias And I overlapping shows Our audience affected the beginning We were like ready to accept it Okay, who the hell is he want to work with? Lesson get paid the same But it didn't work out of that part But of course that's not why he's off this station I mean that's a multitude of other stories that somebody also has to tell you You don't have to make up some stories to tell you that But I get that all the whole come you're dragging on Howard We're not dragging on Howard He's gone he's off this station Ask our management why ask him why they put him out on the first place What I should have known in the first place what was going to happen in this market in this market I told him but what do I know right what is old Neil know he's just across the old termogent Fag What is he not? Tell me QA and hello Hi Oh lady Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Can't believe I said you're looking for one Yeah I'm looking for one Georgia's Yeah but it's several right Yeah Well I have to say that I'm really really sad that Howard's off the air Just like the last caller the whole reason that I even started listening to you guys in the first place Because of him Right I think it's a really really sad day for Miami radio that I have to go back to listening to the garbage that's on FM where people are prank calling and sending roses If I have to hear another one of those stupid phone calls again I'm gonna kill myself Exactly Well don't turn on FM whatever you do Okay That's all I know too Thanks for last week Not every great weekend I think you too Bye I'm like that Bye for five Wow Exactly My feelings is precisely Another Howard person WQA And see I did say Howard would bring people over to AM Did I say that before he made the first year on the station I said Steril bring some people back to AM radio Because most people out of the age of 100 don't listen to AM radio AM is a dinosaur How do you like our signal It is an AM digital Whatever it is Right I have to call a PD from light again to find out what our signal is to nobody on the inside Tell those anything There's a squad Pretty sad commentary that I have to read very Jacket to find out what our schedule is going to be So I can promote it for next week Let's see here's a letter Is this for real or is this a joke You tell me it looks for real Someone will have to confirm if that guest was actually on it And then we'll know It's a letter to a George Beesley of our ownership company And it says it's recently been announced that this morning's broadcast of the Howard Stern show Be the last or be the Bradley broadcast You know that's not true because they still carry them over and form my association And the very first sentence this person's got this incorrect However it's this morning show that deeply concerns and compels me to write you to Unless they pull them off over there too Did they do that? Because they do Huh? How would we know? This morning Mr. Stern interviewed a guest representing the views of alterly Outer conservative right when Christian community throughout the discussion This guest frequently used the slur fags and spoke about how the recent tragic events in Indonesia Were warranted and how there were no innocent victims of the tsunami Also when this guest was asked about GD's Oh God God Oh God Oh God God's role in the Holocaust and why God did not intervene to stop it I'll tell you the guy responded was God was punishing the Jews for killing Christ The entire discussion ran on edited on a usually heavily edited show Now what disturbs me is VBGI's choice of material to edit Normally the words fags would have been cut out now we say fags all the time get a life Okay, also VBGI Bees the broadcasting seems at least to be in the business of editing content That's a sub-seem language. I believe it must be a certain expressing these same views Whether we truly felt that way or resisting Pesicius it would have edited out that content However when someone who is a conservative Christian was espousing this language and these views It's completely unedited. This is very disturbing Is this the political and religious viewpoint that BGGI Scrubs to I stand firmly. When I why did we get this where did this come from? I don't know the fact numbers on the top though. I stand firmly again censorship of not just language but content as well Unfortunately it seems that BBGI has an agenda that is pursuing and I will no longer be part of it I will no longer listen to any program broadcasted, which is not a word broadcasted by any holy or partially on BBGI station I also will not support any business that advertised again businesses that advertised on a BBGI station Furthermore, I will encourage all my family and friends do the same freedom of speech and freedom of choice I quickly disappearing and I for one entire bit since serene and spread a name with carbon copy to the FCC And he definitely and how it's turned to be broadcasting a farce in the fair three and big deal. Okay Wow Happy took us by the way. That's right forums coming first happy forum and light up a little already when you cut the crap And I'll see the fact that we got to copy that indicates to me. That's probably bull crap You know, I mean who would say that to us where where did it come from? A 305 number. Yeah, a date county in other was that wasn't said to us from anybody over at Beesley And it wasn't it came from some Ojama block of Twitter come from him. WQAM hello. Robin Rodriguez please. He's Robin. WQAM hello. Why am I taking these calls? I have no idea how I got sucked into this. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. This is your spy for knives. Yeah, I would stir it still on over here And well, he was on over here today too. How would you know that until Monday? I don't think they have any plans taken him off over there Oh, I think I've taken meant today. Not that better than I just read from that surly orthodox Jew that literally just got through reading was You know, he intimates that they're taking him off their stations and it's only QAM that he's going off Well, you know, I'm going to do I'm going to go into watching any news or any kind of media. Good. Except for you. Excellent point. You want the MS man come right here. You'll get it. I got one question. Yeah. You know that guy with saying cheers ran over. Yeah, he still dead. Okay, pal. Like, let me put your mind on these. Have a great weekend. Bye bye. He's still dead as a door now. The guy with Sanchez ran over and Rick gets rewarded for running over an archive and killing his ass by being on So I'm sorry. In fact, if they ever finish with these things here, my beats and eyes permits for girls to not be fundraiser. How come we don't have that story from our crack news department? So anyway, well, I guess we better take some of these calls and then we'll get to the heavy duty stuff for very jackass and Jim Sarny and all kinds of crap and then today's pull by the way. I guess the better change the pull. Let me reach over and press it and the pull thing to the pull switch. There we go. We don't want to do this 2004 because that's obviously too restrictive and a lot of people didn't even see any way We've been waiting for this year. So our pull day is the worst movie of the new millennium from 2000 up till now. Right right through right now is and I have a short list here and the reason I made this list is because this is from one of these lists. One of the published lists by the so called self-employed experts of the worst movies of last year. So I'm sure you'll have plenty to add to it. Beyond the sea, Van Helsing, Alexander, she hate me, the past of the Christ, Harold and Kumar go to White Castle. So you see we have some on both lists. Scott Katten the World of Tomorrow, the village, around the world in 80 days and a big bounce, which might have something to do with first and bond. WQA and Hiro. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. Listen, I was very, very jackass and calm this morning. I was very, very, very excited to meet you. I think that we may have to have Howard David come on the ear from Tuesday. Are you upset about that? Listen, I mean, I thought he was already ablosing this guy's that if the Dalton is good at 790, we don't have to hear him anymore at all. And now because Q and M, it's some stupid contract where he's on the payroll till 2006 we have to make sure for two hours. Yeah. They knew. Show you that he sucks, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, you see it could have been worse. You could add jokes to Gacky in there. That was our worst fear. That was my real effect. I wouldn't have surprised me if there would have stopped Joe and Eric like five or seven in the morning because he and Hank are tight. So I would, you know, I was kind of like the lead in. I believe somebody who actually sounds alive in the morning to get you away. One thing I'll say for the rock solid, the big, at least he sounds awake. You know, I may not have any idea what he's talking about, but at least he sounds awake and he's, you know, if he could work on that English a little bit and drop the old banana boat accent, he'd be okay. He's alive. Yeah, at least it's not sporting news radio. I told you they would do that. I think I embarrassed him out of that idea. That would have been that would have been so humiliating and degrading like in the middle of morning drive or starting it out with a canned, show sporting news radio that no, but he listens to that would have been even embarrassing for us and takes a lot to embarrass this company. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I'm waiting for the four to fancy tickets. Okay. We love the thing. They have a monster game, maybe they got a perfect record there. On defeated. That's right. Line 9 QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. It's just now. Sounds like me. Sounds exactly like me or my twin. How are you doing? I'm listening to Stern this morning and that WECO broad was on talking about how God was punished in the sweetens. Yeah. When he's turned in Thailand for child pornography and so he caused this tsunami. Uh-huh. She was crazy. Oh, is it broad? Uh-huh. Well, what does he put that on for? I don't understand. How does that fit in with the show? Where were the holes in come front? It's supposed to be so popular. I'm not exactly sure, but I mean, it's not. I mean, it was over. Let's be in at least with you and Dijk. No, I don't think so we should be here. It's not fit in with Howard's show. I don't know. I must have been, it might be the producer's screw them up. All right. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. So there you go. So that's why that orthodox dude that sent us the facts and we got all whipped up into a frenzy that writes, G-D. Well, I mean, what is that already? Uh-huh. Lose the pass by the way sweetheart. I guess we'll wait to love in a clock to start with the heavy duty, right? Good stuff. What's important? And I don't want to have to keep repeating it all day about what the deal is going to be. Right. Well, you got all these calls right now. That's what I'm saying. And of course, they could be moving for a time. Or not. You know, you never know. Could be Chamba? Come to QAM. Hello. That's a more moving for your lips. Go right ahead. Uh, G-D. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. G-D. Oh, yeah. G-D. Oh, my god. How'd you forget that one? I know. And I want that came out when I got a letter. That was 10. Yeah. Right. Two fantastic, uh, they're going to be in the top five here in T. Uh, uh. Nice a lot, Paul. I have a good one. G-D. Oh, yeah. Would J-Lo and uh, then uh, whatever it is, we can't see it. I know anymore. Ben F. Alright. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Hi. I'm on the lady. I can't believe you got a run on ladies now. Hi. I'm angry that Howard's off the radio. Right. And I, that's forcing those same ups. My satellite radio last night. Um, but um, in the clarification for the, that lady, those honest morning, she's in a training and she's a, uh, a large family. And they were at some kind of, um, protest. And some people heard, um, staff, father, father would be a ghost to have them on the radio, the interviewer. She's been on my several, several years. But, um, it turns up to be a community, and there's a few gone, like, they just, you know, they, they back last shot or, you know, that she's, but she's not. But, um, I'm, you know, again, really upset that he's off the air. And I'm enjoying my satellite radio. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. She's doing her satellite radio. The only problem is that Howard's not on set. I radio yet. And it could be a year or close to it. And maybe less, but let's, we'll be real good at using it by that. That's right. Practice makes perfect. Okay. And I see, look, it doesn't, what is it going to do to me, right? Right. I mean, I'm here. The price is right. This is, because anything was to be show. I mean, I mean, I'm not a lot of creative dimension. I'm not the one that, uh, solved it the way that they did. It's just, uh, just another mess. And the, uh, I don't even want you to use for it. Just, uh, a nightmare that's just never ends in this place. As they keep shot, playing and shopping and all started, it all started with Greg Reed and Barry Jackass. As when he was playing that summer about three years ago, planning those stories and various columnal, how he wasn't very happy with the first team's rating. And he was, uh, the first team's rating was, uh, the first team's rating. He was, uh, the first team's rating was, uh, the first team's rating. And he might, that makes some changes. And of course, uh, you know, Joe Rose told him he was leaving the two way him to go full time with NBC six. And right away, when you can't leave, you're all fired. But stay on the air till we figure out what we're going to do. I mean, talk about bizarre. You're fired, but, uh, please stick around until we have somebody else to stick in there in the morning. And then we went through all those different incarnations of the default and then we had default with the engines. And, uh, then it was, uh, Ron Hersey Highway and Carolyn and, uh, who else was on there. I was in the room. I mean, just a whole bunch of goofballs in there and I met and work out. And then, uh, we really solved the problem with, the moment. Although I think I'll say it again. I think that when we had him do a five day in Joe Rose eight to ten, and everything else was just everything was great back in the spring. Monkey door. But some people never stopped Dylan. They're just never satisfied. And I said, I just kept saying, I mean, not to anybody in particular, because they don't speak to me anyway, but just like on the year, I would say, well, I don't know why you people want to put Stern on, or why this is intriguing to you because in this market, he's not on the year in this market for a reason, okay? Do I have to spell it out? Do I have to draw a picture? Do I have to shoot away photograph? I mean, what do I have to convince you that in this south floor in a market, it's like suicide to put it down the year? Oh, no. And then, of course, they go out and they like, it is a doubt like 80s in dumps every day. And they got poor muck it up at 430 in a morning to come in here and, uh, you know, sit there with the 18 dump buttons. And on top of that, then we got this show that starts anytime. Whatever the hell he decides to go home. So everybody was like, all of that out of shape. In addition to that, the numbers were not that great. He looked at November 3, the 4 wars at 466 in man. What's that? Mo could do that. They did do that. Exactly. So the whole thing was just another, uh, in a series of, uh, bucking bundles. Remember that, uh, the bundles? The bundles? Yeah, with mighty python. There was it's a buurals. I don't know. Wtf Qm, hello. Qa. Yes sir. Yes sir. What's up buddy? How you doing, pali? I'm doing great back here. I'm glad you talked to you. It was a couple of things as a listener. Put your Howard David on that. We're going to do it too, pa. I've been at Lee. That's a great move because the controversy between him and George, and you and him, all that stuff was excellent radio. Right. And that's going to come across on the air. It's going to be good stuff. You guys are going back and forth. Hey, but we're going to go on the air. How are you? Take off those checkered pants. Yeah. So we love each other now. Yeah. It's a bit of a boobie. The truth will come to a head. You guys will be back at it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. The other strokes may go and stick about that. Yeah. We hate him like poison right now. And Howard Stern was an absolute disaster as a listener. Only because of what they had to do to it to have him at all. And they put your head on. It was a listener belive thing. And another thing about using on satellite radio, you would really have a your show with what they fit as it is now. If you're on the air and they sign up for that. And on satellite because it's because he really do something over the top of what you would normally do. You wouldn't have any less restrictions because you'd sort of be on the air. So that kind of doesn't work. You know, if now you on satellite life, they'll be great because it would be like listeners down here. That wouldn't have when the transmitter shut down. You can actually say things that are real. Yeah. I don't have a need to do that though. I'm surviving just fine. I don't have any of those parts sounds. Okay. Do you know how many, how many thousand parts sounds I've played on the year in the last 25 years? Probably a million. You know? No matter. You know, I just made it in France. You know, it's the smell gets too familiar. No matter what, you're great. I listen to you now. I'd listen to you with 20 years of thought. I got your clean and food with headphones on. I still love you. I can't come out of what you do. I listen. Okay. And I'm just making my statement. Well, thanks a lot for the lift. I'll have a great weekend. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Looking at it was good. Marx says, can you please tell us what station we can hear how we're just like this. Let you know. You're number one of my book. Boy, oh boy. He's on WPBC. That's in Palm Beach, FM. I don't know where you live. Mark, but if you're like in Central Broward, North, then you're okay. If you're Central Broward South, forget about it. I don't know what frequency that is, but we'll find out. One, two, three, one. One, three, one. See, Josh knows because he listens to it. He's up there in Carl Springs. He listens to Howard on the buzz. Let's see. Bill and Fort Lauderdale, as far as Fort Myers go, Howard said, did say this morning, he was being dropped in four markets because of bees. Now, I think he's confused. I don't think so. He's been dropped in four markets from, well, see how the company that's dropping him? I don't know. That's got Syracuse and Louisville and whatever else. I can't even remember what that light is. So, I don't know. Everybody's a little bit confused. All the bill and Fort Lauderdale's tank is this week. I've been excellent, but I go to Shorya. Nobody's perfect. 10, 58, at 5, 60, WQAM, where we just can't keep our act together. Just, but it would, but about we're all over the place. We're in, we're out, we're out, we're out, we're down, we're on, we're off, and you keep listening. And thank God for that. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's like it was so bad that I was right in the jail as a rock. I was the jail as a rock. I was the jail as a rock. 11.56. The government accountability office and investigative arm of Congress, the GA, said yesterday the Bush administration violated federal law by producing an assuming television news segments about the effective drug use among young people. The accountability office said the video is constituted covert propaganda because the government was not identified as the source of materials, which were distributed by the Office of National Drug Control Policy to a broadcast by nearly 300 TV stations and reached 22 million households. The accountability office does not have law enforcement powers, but if decisions on federal spending are usually considered authoritative. And may the office found that the Bush administration violated the same law by producing TV news segments that portrayed the new Medicare law as a boon to the elderly is that Pat Bowens, speaking the right way, went to Pat Bowen to the elderly. How's your boon in the box doing? Still that's when there's a, and also arm-strong Williams that black right when commentator you've seen him with the glasses and a bald head. Nope. You don't know who that is? No, they sell out. Wait till we get to that story about how he was on the payroll. He was getting paid to speak propaganda. I mean, you know, if you're going to put people on television, let us know if they're on somebody's payroll if they're just paid propaganda. Okay, before you put them on, there was like independent, right wingers, left wingers, down to road wingers, whatever. That's a good way to tell. Anyway, Tyler, cram. Well, look at the passion of the cry. And I don't see G. Lee or a glitter on their yet Josh. I mean, maybe you're a little bit, you know, off your feet today. What a refreshing refresh. Yeah, buddy. The leave you may be for that break. They were not on there. I guess he's just waiting for the, he wants to give a handicap to the others. And I still don't see him on there. They're not on there, on mine. Uh-oh. Always press your work on this. I'm a big part. It must be stuck here. Yeah, right. I didn't hit. It's a big butt. Yeah. That's good. Okay, buddy. Okay, pal. Totally done out on there. You put your life to see me now. George may turn on you know, you're not getting that H.D. TV. Maybe like the second half of you. You're going to keep it after George's bonus money comes in. 49 votes. The worst movie of the last, essentially, a turn to the millennium last four years, five years. Passed at the Christ 29 Alexander VI van Helsing 5. Scott kept in the world of tomorrow three, rather than maybe days of peer after that. Well, we're just getting started. And you can add a lot more if you want. But okay, let's not put it off. Let's not delay it no more. Okay, that was the last Howard's during show on Q and this morning. For reasons over and above and beyond my control, they enter into it. And then they like her ran away from it. And it's just, it was another bad deal. Another bad mistake that some people made. I don't want to say one person made some people made. Because obviously, or I would assume more than one person was a participant in that decision. When you assume that, I would assume. In fact, somebody probably knew about that contract. Anyway, very jackass, which is where we always get, and this is a truth. If you're just doing it, I don't have the program schedule for next week. Or nearly by this time, we'd have it all nice and tidy sitting here on my board. And, you know, but I could tell you, here's for next week. Now for today, it looks pretty ordinary to me. We've got a netball. Very, it hasn't faxed over to us. Very, put down your brown bag, put down the peanut butter and jelly sandwich for a minute. And please fax this over the schedule for next week. And I'd dog it two today, the Humperate 4, his last four to seven show. The big seven to ten, Eddie kid ten. No games, no, no flouder all, no hot lines, cold lines. That's it. That's our schedule today. Now after today, what we do have the weekend, too, which you want to know about, I do see, Galby at the mechasuckis at the 9 tomorrow. So Galby is still around, even though he's probably working like hourly, you know, like three bucks an hour. When you think, I don't know. Because I believe his delended in December. Although maybe they brought him back. So very Jackson writes this morning, your prestigious Miami hero, Amanda's to be bummed from calling me dolphins. Now let me just say this right up front, okay. If the dolphin organization allows that to happen, that would be a bad mistake. Because even when Zimfer was doing the games, and that was more Howard David, I don't care what anybody says. It's not a debatable point. That the majority of people who tune in the dolphin games on radio, in other words, who like turned on the sound on TV, although they can't do that anymore anyway, because like the collar we had at the other point, and now we got like an 80 minute delay. But the ones who have done that and the ones who want to hear the games on a radio, primarily listen for the man dog. Am I right? Oh, right. Right. Which isn't enough anybody else. It's just the fact that he is one independent other than my friend, Copen Pittsburgh. There's probably no color commentator in his via the NFL. Who's got the notoriety and the, just the bizarre approach that Amanda chases. And he's just people love it. Anyway, very right. Thank you, Am's Demandit Hunter. They was on the verge of finalizing it as Susan and risk removing him from the dolphins radio both after 13 seasons. Managed reaching agreement in principle, to work to 4 to 7 PM slot on WQM and City will decline a proposal in a weekday talk show earlier in the day for 790 ESPN radio. The late afternoon platform works better in my overall life, he'd be saying. But if the Susan to stay with WQM could force him out of the dolphins radio both if the team shifted skins to 790, a move that isn't definite but why they expected. There is momentum they're rolling toward a deal with 790 men instead but nothing's been signed. Although 790 officials like managed enough to have made them an offer Thursday, it would be highly unusual for rival radio stations to share an answer and 790 likely would resist it. The dolphins could try to enforce the five or two years on manages dolphins contract, request 790 use them on games, but it's doubtful 790 would accept it. But you know something safe on, if I'm the dolphins I'd tell them, well if you want the, if you want the games, you've got to keep him on there. Right? Right. But then who, who would help might have be speaking for all, baldy? Although keeping managed on games would be an answer to the package 790 would have concerns about giving a high publicity platform to WQM's afternoon drive host. As if people who listen to the dolphins games don't know who demand it is already. Why? I mean, kind of silly, very kind of idiotic but I'm glad that now you see berries now the mouthpiece for 790. He used to be our mouthpiece but now he's their mouthpiece because the Harold has this and says to his relationship with him every time another entity has come along and tried to like a stick into us first it was a fan. Remember that front page story about the fan in the Harold front page very Jack history a few years ago back when the fan 17, however whatever it was on the dial off the end of most people say him dial when he came on here. They're going to knock us off. They're going to give us that stiff competition. They even had the Orlando, uh, this trotty, uh, this drotty of whatever his name was on there. More and more testies. Remember that? I bet you Josh does. No, no, no, that's because nobody listen to it. Nobody, they had numbers, they owed points. In fact, when you looked in every Iranian book it was like a minus in front of the number and then it was WRFX Fox. Oh, no, no, they're getting some real competition with a 50,000-month signal in the middle of the dial and they're going to have a roll me on there and they're going to have a homey and roll me and, uh, yeah, what do they do? Squat. See back in the day I would have played a fart sound right there. But I'll just like, oh yeah, I'm like that big bomb when a bomb agrande. Anyway, very goes on to write. See, I can milk this for a whole hour. These two comms, then it's no no, ready. Man, did choose final two to four show is today. Oh, that's right. I forgot to mention that. Last two to four show for man to stay. Last four to seven show for Hank today. Last seven to ten show for the big O. We believe. Now where is that schedule of clearance? Come on. He's not here. He's not there. Well, I haven't seen him today. The program director isn't there on a day. He just came back from vacation and he's not there on a day when like, uh, roll me his burning and narrowest. I think I think the clearance burned room down. You're blaming Nero for it. I think clearance done. Man, did choose final two to four PM show is today. Said the dolphins in seven ninety given him no indication, whether he could do a talk show for WFUM in the games for ESPN radio. The former dolphins tight end and it he would be bitterly disappointed if he could not continue calling games, but was prepared for that possibility. I would miss it. He said it's the most fun I've had in broadcasting. I wonder if he even means doing the games with more. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Talk show is considered more lucrative. Then calling dolphins games, a WQM managed with Philislaw vacated by Hank Goldberg's move to mornings beginning Monday. See, very knows this schedule. Whenever someone says it's not the money, it's the money man. It said I was offered a hell of a job in a nice platform from 4 to 7 PM. I mean, it QAM. In other words, it gives him more cash. I still say two to six is the deal. When you think that would have been great, makes a lot of sense. Uh, yeah, that's why we're not doing it. If man, it doesn't continue calling games. Logical options to be placed in one of the clue Joe Rose, Jimmy's syphilis Nick got a copy and that more. That more is so bad. Okay, not personal night. You were held up player. We love you. But, oh, God. Remember I was talking about him several weeks ago. Remember that John? Yeah, he's terrible. Oh, he is just awful. He sounds like the crow. That more is bad. But he's a lot slower. Yeah. Don't I mean, he just doesn't get his point out. Oh, he's horrible. It says, but any replacement will be challenged to achieve the popularity of manager who is colorful, candid commentary motivated some fans to turn on the TV. And turn up WQAM. I'm not sure it's generally don't drive audiences for games, but managed might be an exception. So even Barry understands that. And that's if Barry gets it, then it's not very controversial. Is it? It says, it says, plain as day. 790, which has a business relationship with the hero to climb common on a manage end with offense. Has a business relationship with the hero. In other words, you got your head up there. Asked or it is what you're trying to say, you got your head way up inside there. But now, says, what the dolphins play by a playman. How a dividend will return to the booth. The answer means in doubt David has been off in the 2 to 4 PM Sloan IQM was nearing a deal Thursday. And a boy, Malt. Absolutely. His play by play contract with the team is expired, but WQMS payments a talk show host through March 2006, whether he works or not. WQAM's Orlando Elz, I better do the break. There's a horizontal event, and we might as well went and down, drag it out. You are listening to me, Roger. I'm on 560, 60. Are you a. I don't have a quote. What's Gary Mark doing tonight? And crying minds, what to know? That's why, and twiring minds, read the Miami hero. Is Maurice Farey really having sex with an alien from outer space? It's in the house. It's called a Hawkins The True Mother of the Elephant Man. It's in the house. It's in the house. John Kennedy sleeping with Matt's hit room. It's in the house. Is Tim Baker's off the get birth of Jerry Falwell, baby? It's in the house. It's sex, sex, sex more. Hot, that's all it's in the house. What's Gary hearts amazing right? Dying from Florida. A cross food puzzle that has no answer. Our own fueleturcy is just for us. It's no matter what it's to know. And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day. Finally, finally, rhetoric. It's howling the ladies each one. The Miami heroes are available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere. And we're finally in the new or is spread. You bet you 1160 and 560, every queue on this is a pivotal day. It's kind of like the turning point. It's like we reached the folk in the road. You're almost saying folks, we reached a folk in the road. And now we're like, we're going to turn it to the left of the right. We're going to go straight ahead. We're going to like the chicken cross the road. What are we going to do now? Right. Well, let me just read that previous paragraph again. Whether dolphins played by flame man, how or how or David will return to the booth. Also remains in doubt. David's been offered the 2 to 4 pm slot on QM was nearly in the end today. His play by play contract with the team is expired. But QMS payments are talked to host through Mark 2006. Whether he works or not. See, we were all on the impression that it was this year March. But it's March of next year. Now, few think these people are going to pay him off for another year and a quarter. Without having to squeeze a little butt out of me or dreaming. Right. Right. Then it goes on to say, QM's Orlando Alzagiri, who is really... Lock saw also known as the big whatever he's also earned a regular talk. She was just strong possibility for a 5 to 7 AM slot. Also in other words, that's I thought it was done. But we don't know if anything is done. Though we don't. But if it's in here, various put it in here. You know we got it from somebody on the inside. And intriguing battle between Rose and Goldberg looms in the morning and the wake of Goldberg's move. Rose is 790, she'll start an hour earlier and run 7 to 10 AM beginning Monday with Craigman Evini and Jason's salobkin expanding their show from 10 AM to 1 PM. Oh, how are we going to compete with Craigman Evini and Jason's salobkin? We can't do that. We're done. It says it makes sense for QM to bump how it's turned out. For Perforate's future because during the movie of the satellite radio in the air. Oh yeah, you can say, oh man, can you start sniffing with all of this game from? Wow. Man, Barry, it's just amazing. Just, I just can't imagine anybody going through life. What is little Kahones is that Putsis guy, you know? He's a smoothie. It says some QM employees are downplaying the expected loss of the open. Some QM employees in other words, he's talking to some moles on the inside. Two of them said the Marlins who are expected to be new with WQM are considered a better financial investment largely because they provide more programming hours. At least 177 games compared with just 20 for the Dolphins, the Dolphins. And WQM general manager Greg Reed pointed out last year that NFL broadcast threats have lost some appeal because fans would access to serious satellite radio can hear the call of any game. Before Perforate's soon did often, 79th year, first in the Marlins, but QM's right to match clause with the Marlins essentially eliminated any realistic chance of the baseball team team to use stations. I'd like to point out by the way that the Dolphins are a lost leader. In other words, whichever station has him loses a bundle of money on him, and especially after a 412 embarrassing humiliating and degrading season this year, and next season which promises not to be all that much better if not even worse. It's a lot of Nick Sabin for Michigan State and LSU coming in. It may be very prestigious for a statement trying to get stuff on a map, but the bottom line is forget about it. It's just cost you a lot of money, right? Now also the last part of this says the last paragraph thankfully very. Among the finalists of the Marlins TV, play by Flakes off. So I've already announced your Boob Shambi and Seattle Mariners pregame in postgame host Rick Walts, Rich Walts, who finished number two behind new Cubs Voice One Casker when the Marlins job was last open. The Marlins are expected to tell about nearly 150 games including 95 on Fox Sports, whatever that is. And others on a non-cable station probably packs 35 buddy buddy buddy packs and there's the man. There's the Chigrin wood pile buddy buddy packs and there's various column now. Now you would not have Jim Sarni. Okay. Who looks like he was hit by the ugly stick. He makes me look like Brad Pitt. Wake up and listen right Jim Sarni. Who's a Puggies silly old person. He says the morning duly set. Hey Goldberg versus Joe Rose. I'm a little bit busy. I've always maintained that like good competition. It's good for everybody. Don't you think so? It's good. Chris what are we going to do with more? Right dog the bitch right now. Okay come down. Now you talk about a great hate. Remember those crossover day or a two of them being a studio at the same time. And when you even talk to each other or Joe would like wait out there until motluffy a studio. They're just absolutely incredible. Although Joe was kind of fine among he is one good looking guy. I know. Anyway. Jim Sarni right. See we made a bet. That's all you guys got your old find bro. That's all you got. No wonder they're stretching him out. How about Joe Rose from Sysam to midnight? Because that's all you got. You got nothing. Wait till we get to the line in here about Hank running away. First of all the idea of Hank running. But yeah, from anybody who is just so amusing. Just walked away. Yeah. He might be walking very stoically. But yeah. He's running away from Dan LeBastard and Stu gots. Oh man. See that that's what bugs me about this whole sports nerd talk radio. When we first came to QM all of these people all these little children who thinks that the broadcast is you know. We made fun of any martes ballices a good guy and he realizes he's illiterate. But you know we had Donny B and we had Stu gots. And we had all these other people who didn't belong on the air. Even when he was on this station was not saying the same thing. See this isn't sour grapes because he's someplace else. This is because when he's on this station I say he's a nice guy. He doesn't belong on the air even to say hello goodbye or have a nice day. Stu gots. Right. And now we say that. You always said that. And I was absolutely correct as usual. Anyway, the morning duel is said. Hank Goldberg versus Joe Rose writes him. Certainly. Goldberg, the king of active and drive in the market, takes over for Howard Stern on WQM Monday where he'll face off against Rose a former QM favorite on 790 ESPN radio. Laxy. Laxy, baby. Laxy. To mark the battle ESPN radio is moving Rose's show up an hour to go head to head with a hammer from 7 to 10 a.m. If the hammer. This is the quote of the century from a man with a lot of money who is deluding himself. He reminds me of Alan Cohen. Another Jewish guy who thought he was going to buy the Panthers and like start making money like crazy and be a big shot. Guess what Alan forget about it. And the same with Joel Feinberg. Now he may be a nice guy. I don't know. I never met him. I don't know who the hell he is. And he always got a ton of money. But this quote. I want you to mark this down folks. Write it on your arm. Like in Momento. If the hammer is going to run from Dan Labaster Institute got some things he can get to head start on Joe by starting at 7 a.m. Then the big dog will get unleashed at 7 a.m. and said Joel Feiner president and CEO of Primetime Media Group which owns ESPN radio. He's running from Dan Labaster Institute gotts. Well, let me just interrupt by reading my fine reading of Jim Sarnys call. With the ratings from the afternoon from ESPN. It will actually build up radio. You ready for these? Ready. And the November trend in the month of November. Man 18 plus which of course is your target demo. Man and a sports station. Six a.m. to mid night. They had a one point down from a one five in October. They had one four in September. One five in October and that will one. So they're really building momentum. Not six to 10 a.m. Two four in September. Two six in October. Two two in November. They were in a lovely two to ten time. They stand mid days up against us. The formidable team of Craigman or Vinnie and the John Slobkin webbers. They had a one point six in September. A one point one in October and in November. A point six. A zero point six. Now here's what Hank is running from an afternoon. Okay running racing away from like a man being chased by a Boston Stranger. Okay. 18 plus men in the afternoon. Three to 70 m in September. They came in with a one point two. Danle a bastard and Snoop got's October. They peaked at a one point four in November. A one point. I'd be running away too man. I'd be running for my life if I was up against stiff competition like that. Oh Joel, who are you kidding sweet. I get serious. I hope that your hot of hot on co bad man. That is unbelievable. Anyway, Joel find where continues to go on by saying we've had an overwhelming demand from our listener. Since we started to have Joe Rose on earlier and we felt like this would be a great time to do so. Oh, no. I can't say that program director John Weiner who also is Stugots. Nothing like a little trash talk to get the pot boiling. So he says although no one else wanted to say anything in print through. They the airway should be burning today. Oh, the airwaves are burning today. Yeah, they were really burning on Howard show. He didn't even say goodbye to the South Florida audience. I thought that would hurt. See, I shouldn't say that because then I'll get calls. How come you hate Howard? See, I don't understand that. Just because I might criticize one little point here that I don't hate Howard Stern. I thought it was going to be really great in the beginning. It's a really great beginning to realize that the whole thing was ill-conceived and being butchered up in a screw in our show too. It was a nightmare if what it turned out. I had no problem with Howard, but she's only so off-tight and thin skin. Like if you criticize anything then they're all like the fact that our show got bumped back to start whenever it had hell he felt like going home. You know, we're here too, okay? We're here too and been here a hell of a long time. Anyway, Stugots. The airway should be burning today. It says you have a certain burning smoke in man. We're smoking it. A big fat one. We wrapped the Harold in a sun suddenly. One big fat one in each paper. And we'll see which one burns most evenly. WMU and more divulged its new line up. Check the station website. It's airing the Brown's Dolphins game Sunday. QM has never been a listener or media friendly station. The season is jealous of very jackass because very's got the inside line. Never been a listener or media friendly station. What does that mean? Is because we keep jerk in the audience about all the time and change in the schedule of every five minutes? Right. Or because we only taught everything to very jackass. We don't care about Jim Sarnian Tom Jicka. Well, but as far as QM website, Jack Cortis wants the world and all that he's got nothing to do with that mistake in there today. Not no more. No, he has nothing to do with that QM website. He wanted to be associated with it. He doesn't want to look in it. He doesn't want to hear about it. That's not our problem. Okay. Now our yand. They got the Brown's Dolphins game. Maybe they're going to try it again. It was so simulating the first time. Then they went over time. Maybe we're going to put it on again. The speculation is right, Sarnian. I better do the break. No. Now there's not that much more to this. The speculation is that Jim Manis removed and look at Gileas moving up on the past of Christ. You see we have it ahead of Scott. Gileas already got about 30 minutes. He votes and we just put it on there. So Jack just gave the other movies a head start. Knowing that Gileas will probably pass all of them like they're standing still. It was my plan. That was the plan. Oh, see now I better do the break. Your things are real and Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. You. Roger. You. Robert, you've been in jail on our for almost a year. Yeah. How are you doing? Everything's cool. What's your relationship before Bonnie's death? A friendly relationship? Nope. Where you ever via lunch? Sure. Barbara. Bonnie never had a chance. And that night's a night of her death. The trip to Vatellos is all dark. So I'll quiet and write and there. And said, I've been waiting for this for a long time. Would you tell Bonnie? Yeah. And it was nice having that gun. It really was. When 2020 returns. Robert, you are. Where have you been for two years? There's forensic evidence. I'm familiar with. Next. Number three. At five, six, you're doubting him. The mad dog is last two to four show today. We ought to have a humongous audience today. We ought to be breaking records. The needle ought to go off the end of the Richter's Tale. Wouldn't you think? Good thing. There's been this tremendous build-up all this publicity. And we still don't have a schedule. We don't pay for anyway. So Jim is starting to finish his by saying. The speculation is that Jim Manus will move from two to two p.m. at a Goldberg's four-pm time slot opposite Danila Bastard and Stu Gutz. Stu Gutz. Manus has a strong followers and Stu do well. Wow. How persecution on your part, Mr. Sarni. It'll be interesting to see if WQM makes him change his show and add guests. Danila Bastard show is heading with guests. We're going to be emulating Danila Bastard, okay? Another one I haven't been long on you to say, uh, Buena's the SM whatever else he says. Give me a break. Mad dog. She has one thing they don't do is they don't program the shows. I will give them that credit for that They don't interfere if man is his you know hates guests. What does he need guests on there for huh? Let hopper have all the guests in the morning and the man that will get on there and throw us an entertainist with his usual hysterical bizarre whatever it is that he doesn't have to know for three hours, right if he won't Let me just tell you this Jim Sarni if man-ditch wants guests he'll have guests if he doesn't want to have guests like his usual his policy He won't have any guests. How do you like that? Puts off then he goes on to say the next question for Qm who gets the 2 p.m. slot How are David it was getting paid for doing nothing since he lost his morning show to Stern is a logical choice ESPN radio is a spending Craigman of any from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Oh god I don't think we can possibly compete with little Craig Meanwhile there's the matter with a dolphins radio deal which appears headed to ESPN radio What happens to manage in David who also work for WFUM? I have no freaking clue man is sent on this show Thursday see how person I was when I played that little drop in there to beginning of the thing whenever it was Where the hell is that? There it is one thing that sure says Jim Sarni sports talk radio will not be boring this year Well, he's not on this station you won't because we got people at the audience wants to listen to we got the big fan Humber we got the mad dog right right and then we got our close personal friend Master who's just around the edge of the table to name a lot of people to just hear the chemistry we kind of began What that be great I'm looking forward to that. I think that was a good move I mean default our audience voted overwhelmingly for default They're just holding a grudge against mode. They don't realize how boring that would be with the although we don't know with a corn man When he saw that hole the core man from two to four look on it We're kind of a whole week call that if you fill it with corn Anyway, here's what we got so far just move along you have to respond. It's a rhetorical question Yeah, he'll come in here and start refusing on you again. I can't believe you actually went in him and all these suck the Up a little bit we grilled we grilled yeah get out of here. He hates you man So what he said well, I'm not gonna answer this question. What was he doing in that meeting that day about a that account that when he raped you over the Coals and took you out to the wood shed not once but twice right in the middle of the show What was he doing in there? What does he have to do with the treasure island? What does he have to do with the accounting for QAM since he works for 496 what's he got to do with anything? Guess he's good at adding columns up to what yeah add this okay one and one makes you mad about two feet of crap Anyway, here's what we got on a pool. I see I couldn't say any of this if I would agree to those clauses They want to put in my idea. Oh, we have Here be just our BODY is not bad enough that we censored our whole language and I can't play 80% of the comedy bits But they want to like censor out what I could talk about I couldn't be knocking Wayne anymore I could not Alan Cole or the Panther organization I couldn't say that certain players sucks think to join out like like You know AJ Tetsy feeling with his nose out of joint I couldn't say those things See what it shows me is a very basic lack of understanding in their part of why people listen to show what the show is all about From the day we started on this show one thing I can guarantee of these people don't understand They like the ratings they like to money even that much better, but they don't get it I mean if I'm gonna like sit here and do pamper me They forget about that I'll go to Syria song I'll call Howard right now. I'll call up a done buck wall and Howard Hey, I guess what I changed my mind all right They can wipe their ass with that contract that way. Don't forget red cross of a candidate That's if you're in Canada if you want to help out if they found another 7,000 dead people in Sumatra at least So the total is 147,000 so far. It's gonna be over 200,000 and I'll say it again Which I said last hour if you want to send money off the charities and think you do something good if you don't know where the money goes Or if 90% of it goes into some CEOs pocket or for bureaucratic waste Even though your intentions are good all you're gonna do is like waste your time and money especially Right right right so find a group. That's why when I saw that on the news last night I thought boy the timing of that is perfect because they were talking specifically about 85% of the money is guaranteed and there They're they're shooting for 95% so that is little as possible is taken off the top for expenses so that they get all of the All of the money that's still needed all of the goods and whatever the food and things that are bought with that money is Gonna go to the people who needed as opposed into somebody's pocket who's got a title in some organization Anyway, we're pollinated the worst movie of the new millennium from 2000 till right now until this moment is the past of the Christ 62 it was off to a huge star G. Lee 35 moving nicely in a second place 39 now zooming up van Helsing 9 Alexander 8 not too great liter five Harold and Kumar go to white castle five although we did like the white castles around the world of the 88s for the village for Scott Captain the world of tomorrow for the big bounce three she hit me one beyond the sea Don't have any the first hundred and forty four vote and you can add all you want on there You can add any of more movies that are the worst these lines five years and you can also E-raculate on these changes now which again We're only speculating I think it's written in like a silly buddy right now It's not written in stone, but generally speaking, so here's the line of from Monday on this station is as we get it Not written down on a piece of paper anywhere because that would be that would be too unlike us at QAM They could at least write it down like in crayon or pencil right right or an Erasable ink, but they just don't feel like doing that either five to seven a and the big Time for everybody's asleep, but at least he's alive You know he's not supporting news radio that would have been I think I'd have taken a walk you know right off of my balcony here if they did on that Sporting you were saying oh I think it's gonna be sport and I said no, it's not hey You know when you're watching they don't have to be a little wise gonna be sporting news freaking radio Huh when you ask a question and they run away instead of you know answering it you say is it gonna be sporting news radio and they just run So anyway the big old five to seven a month I believe he is So that's between his ears. He's rock song seven and ten. It's definitely it's in ink I'm so I think Like I said give him a few days for his system to adjust it when you got 600 pounds of fat to adjust it Get an upperly in a morning take take it from somebody who knows it'll take a week or two before he finally gets in into gear But he'll be just fine then of course we go back on Monday 10 to two not 10 twenty not 10 for E seven not 1103 not 10 52 30 10 to two which is one we're supposed to be on and should have been on the last four months also Greg 10 to two starting on Monday then we got to two to four It looks like it could be a smooth no Howard David it Which we're gonna have some more fun with no excuse woke up Ryan's and we're material to work with again although Now see call me stupid. I wouldn't do that. Yeah, you would I think this time he'll get it We won't we it may be contrived which I don't like can drive controversy but nevertheless it'll still have the same emphasis I think as when it was like intense hatred because I think now after all of this time We finally starts getting it just a little bit you know I mean I stand in front of you now. Yeah two years later Right it took me a little while a little slow learner but Neil I apologize right it's way deal you are the truth You man you bet you met you met you met So there you go so he'll be back to the four and even though there's a lot of people grumbling We already had I think to first call with somebody like mone and growing up although we did have the one guy I said that it's gonna be good having a conflict back in both of Brian. I'll have all kinds of bits to record again Is he gonna have someone on with him? Oh First of all who would get along with him who's gonna work with him? That's not the question no no Now it is a question if he was gonna have somebody on with him give me a suggestion who it might be that would work with him Oh that they would get along more than five minutes to be time's up There is no such person and additional which why does somebody doing a two-hour show need to have somebody on with him? He doesn't need it so yeah some people want it you know how that works. You mean that's not gonna happen No, no just Who are you thinking about I wasn't thinking about the beast? He don't think that's gonna happen. These would do it. Yeah. He would do it is Morgan a work with a beast Oh, it's chance. Oh, he's gonna have a board up in there obviously he's gonna have somebody like play off of like Oh, I got all the other shows here. Do I do sir? Do I have a producer in a board up? Right, but he's not gonna have like a sidekick on here in the studio sitting there with him pulling on his Pisties So anyway, more two to four mad dog four to seven Which thank god they we up him if we'd lost him over there to the seven ninety that would have been that would have been the turning point man That would have been the piece of the puzzle that would have really Not to our house to cards fallen but didn't happen. I don't think and then like seven o'clock after oh, and that's right now With the that's where you're gonna find your buddy We got no math of games going on What else is he gonna do he's been splitting up the seven attend with the with the big-o right? Gonna be guilty And for right what's the molecule one of these? Yeah, just just to shake it up a little bit and any K4 stays there. It's in because he is rock solid And do attendville uh we are so the morning for a hundred years on this station And we'll continue doing so because he's got some fabulous naked pictures Most of them would screw in So anyway, that's the line of from Monday as we best see it we'll let you a comment and get some more movies on the thing We got like two hours and twenty minutes to go in and of course Then we take a deep breath and see what happens on Monday, right? You think maybe by two will actually have a pretty Schedule for next week No, 20 till noon at five 60 W QM if you're earned less than fifty thousand dollars last year you better listen to this because we were answer is yes It's time for a career change who wants to work for chum change pick up the photo call fans trained at one 86 fast train because these folks can have you trained already for a brand new high-paying career and it's short of time is four months Fast train offers high demand high-pay career training if you like computers and you ever even had it run through your mind It becoming a computer never professional here's a chance for you to do it and get the training you need to make some big bucks Call a fast train today at 86 six fast train the demand for computer professionals is an all-time high Fast-ranking have you trained already for that new career and as little as four months like I think I just said that only moments ago Candle my Emmy Pembert Pies and four lotter their arts word locations are so there's probably one year by you Fast train offers job placement financial aid for people who qualify to and they even have day-ending weekend classes Which are forming right now as I speak so if you want to get yourself some real job training that'll make you some big bucks Here's the answer get off your dead and job and get yourself on the money train the gravy train at fast train by calling tool free 1 86 fast train New Exclusively You First there was Kevin Klein's obsession Then you'll visit the Taylor's passion Now comes an exciting new fragrance is I help by America's number one television star Introducing Los Embas Hey, y'all, you know women like you and me are never gonna look like Liz town So I just like Just so when I Brush some of this junker and tell your studs muffin to kiss your dairy Imagine how you would see with the horse and balls definitely a One year off Believe me that nothing bigger than my dairy Yeah, yeah just look for the huge pink New from Estee now but let's go 1545 15 don't know let's say get a hundred calls on right now. Let's get those things smoke in 560 560 and a Verizon and sing it a wireless lines WQAM hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning morning What is the hell happy I am to hear that you've signed that contract and we can enjoy and help through 2008 I'm sure a lot of your listeners feel that way Okay, and I'd also like to make a challenging observation about your performance lately About what your performance on the air Yeah, ever since you signed that contract you seem to be supercharged. Is that it? Yeah, you sound like even better than ever. I'll be there I wasn't prepared for all the sex. Let me strap myself in here. Okay? I'm strapin Eric keep up the good work. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay, I'm a lucky lucky. That's good Former mind senior named in sex abuse case. We'll get to that. Why got all kinds of good stuff? I got a Michael Jackson story that'll make the hair they hear on your go-nads It's a twitch. Wait wait. Can you hear this story? It is but I got away till the next hour. It's long, but it's well worth of the New York post Wow wow wow. I mean you're talking about the some serious details and allegations It's set around whatever palpitations WQAM hello Pretty weak, huh? I thought maybe maybe give him like three four seconds or might be just a little addition right that was it WQAM hello. Hi, good morning, all right, yes, sir. Okay. I just roll it You know that I was straight away. I gave the most money to Asia. I don't know if you pointed out the right US I did 800 million bush gave 10,000 dollars There was that nice Michael Schumacher gave 10 million right and I just want to say a Senator Senator Bullock. Okay, could you give a fashion report on low when he comes on at two every day? Okay, we'll be given a five report every day to them the Muscaddle be doing it. Okay, what a minute How many of the switches do we okay? Okay, protein protein Five since he that said that's code five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the worst movie the number Lenny and from 2000s the now is we'd like to add a few more those before two or clock and then of course your observations I thought I thought Jim Sarny said the airways were gonna be boiling today. We're gonna like be percolating smoking on fire and I don't I don't I don't I don't I'm seeing we got a few calls there, but like you know Eh, they don't see mallet super charged about it do they? WQAM hello Hey, yes, sir. I don't know good listen I'm not sure who's running you're ready a station, but this is a tire This entire mess of bringing Howard on for a couple months but you're in his show then Letton uh letting Joe go then bring in hang out in the morning right and I don't know what the house going I'm surprised you have any listenership there at all you're right how how they continue in business Feat's the crap out of me it's one of the great miracles in his being human race It's one it's one comedy of error after another right don't you? Where they continue with the nonsense. Yeah, it's somebody well on a side note You got to take an individual that's singing or keep it's job, but it just meets out on a main yeah On a side note you got to get the ash croft off seeing issues not the Your turn of general. Oh, no now we'd like to have minor because now he's got more time to keep his eye on it Right, okay. All right. Well have a good afternoon good luck pal. You too Curstant dust is on area a series of pictures these are the world's first these are the premiere boobie pictures According to George any wave Kristen done yes when a death of kind of like trust that Sucked out the road way unfortunately for her well that's the way it goes okay. I mean So she can't be quirky all the time you don't see 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 out of Verizon singular wireless on kind of a I don't know I guess the audience is so used to a bun I would've gotten looked into shape that no matter how many changes Oh gee well there's something around again at least we're going back to tend to to at least we are gonna be rock solid right How many Q. I am hello yes, sir mr. Carl I didn't mean to catch on speaker phone. I just have real quick question for you. Yes, if I could I'm hockey But look like there will ever be an NHL season again this year this year no No, no change. It doesn't look like mr. Grudt these words for the next two years that is gonna be gone And if that's the case What are you gonna do to watch hockey? Yo, I know that you don't care no more and I agree with you that the players need to get their head out of their butt And that will work so we're proudly launching it in 10-carol I love it Hi, baby. I'm Leafs TV Central. I can be in the fetus and then I'll for you I bet you I got if I can get on 162 on my cable Oh, I've got a way to hang this way. I'm going to play a good third play hockey day once you're making action from the ECHL I'm Larry on the NHL network. See I love it. I'm going to play some bits play some bits please and I'll I'll be able to play it over in your first-thens your hockey knowledge. Yeah, they're on a hop So over there playing in getting money for it so they're not gonna get an injured two by the way Probably when it's health and it's a poor way now Well, you're not on dollars right? Mr. Rogers, one last thing for you And I'm done. Me do stock up and I know that you don't like just put that Mr. Greg Reed Thank you very very much for signing back contract in your contract. Thank you for signing that Okay, bye. I need to ask you on the sign on the other side. This is awesome. This is me. Thank you. This is me He didn't sign it. No, don't have a you did Carolyn Beesley signed So say thank you. I'll be okay. Oh, then I you know what I take that that screw you Gregory All right, he almost inscribed me to tell the whole story about that. I'm Greg Reed in the sign it Carolyn Beesley from the corporate on the west coast. She signed it and I signed it and it's a done deal Because Greg was like but we wouldn't we'd like that, you know running and hiding running and hiding it And well, it's just a lot of pervericating that goes on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and a Verizon singular wireless line when I got was really something funny while that was a real character W2A and hello Yes, sir I don't know why the heck you're crazy. He's made up so much There was great that's why he's great Do you know what he said the first time he got back from the holidays? What's he he said it's about time those two old men's left and gave the younger guys a chance to get a nail Yeah, so I just wanted to let you know that the meaning what what does that mean? Well you figure it out now you do tell me you figure it out What does that mean well You are the senior citizen on that program now? No, I'm not Hank six months older nine You would have yeah So you're suggesting that you managed really Yeah Something sir I would prepare the box right now. I hop in it because you sound like you're ready for it Another guy another old curmudgeon south of trying to stir it up mad dog loves me and Hank How do you like that huh? Where is tight as tight can be kind of that a snare drum? Okay, tighter than when they close the lid on your box sir. That's how tight we are So if you think you're gonna like stir in this guy's probably Joe find bird's boyfriend Somebody QA him hello. I'm open based on the lock. Yeah Okay, I'd like to you pal. We'll pack you salami and ride WQAM hello That guy is a no-shom for vodka tour right. That's correct. You know man Don't know does love you got them what do you said was that negative station should make room for a younger Cow some way I heard him say that I heard it right and and he's got a point was an eye-towding Curtis Stevenson the other day for a two before And courtesy Justin is very very good. He works in there really good with the mess So how about developing a young guy instead of bringing back somebody's old toe So don't do it. Don't do it. No, can I ask you something? Sure. I've been listening in Austin on is the lineup said It's not said or we still Hey, what time is your show on man? What is it here where you guys? I really didn't even I am listen I'm not be asking you I really don't know. Okay, what listen? Well, we read and very jackass Calm this morning that was a great revelation to us because nobody has told us anything Okay, as usual but even I asked you is because unlike you I listened to Hank show I listened to Matt dog show right and you know when that's part of it came out on Tuesday Neither one of those guys that signed a contract that's what they had said on their show They go I read this that's nice to know but right and I don't blame a lot of you agreed to do something without a contract So as I said with this outfit man, and I don't really you didn't have a him Braille installing and never get about it I don't think it's changed from listening to the show. I really don't think that there's anything new as far as I'm signing that's why it asked you and The other thing is there's an answer on the table to do to the six weird curve There was there wasn't offer on the table to do two to six but he turned it down Oh, he did turn okay. Oh, I would imagine I would why would he why would he not take it? Well, maybe the money Well, it's a writer maybe I don't think he can do to this. I think he you know He's got his construction business. I just think he's got it You start to tune that Yeah, well, that's the answer. Well, that's your own thing. I would have been extended to seem due to the success I think that would be the right move, but then again we're in vulture last time we made the right move on this station At four caucus time for those red star hynkins, but Here he can wait till six as well I'm not in the cereal. Okay, pal. I see you Here's the fact from Devon who says for the pool. I would say the Hulk and dear devil both suck Okay, that goes on right away and I'd be for another pool is who gets the most Actors rock stars rappers athletes rich nerds Something to think about huh sure better. I reckon even more specific who do you think it's the most action like Warren Bady just because he's Allegedly well in doubt see now we can actually say that well I was trying to be like very very careful Very delicate there. Yeah, he's blown down Here's line nine W2M hello Hey, Mia got a couple things. Yes, sir that old codger sounds like Step away from the optimal bill. Yeah, Mr. Mr. Eisen. Yeah, Mr. Eisen. Yeah, him and This should interest you. I'm a young guy and I'm always heard you guys talk about the arbitrage on diaries and all that I got I was home sick yesterday or the day before and got a phone call It was arbitrage people there's sent me five diaries Well, isn't it spectacular? Of course we can't say anything about that other than we love you profusely in Europe Right, okay, thanks, pal. I'm at a material by her great life See oh, I'm not exciting. I have sounds like some good news to watch and of course we can't kill a vice-ready Instructions because that would be bad but nevertheless Anyway haha Former monsine your named in sex abuse case. This is in Springfield Mass But is an awful out of this crap and going on in Massachusetts and you run on a why there's an awful lot of Catholics and Massachusetts If not just in Boston, but all over the place a monsine your who died in 1991 is accused in the new lawsuit of molesting a boy after promise again free tuition to the Catholic high school Iran The lawsuit was filed this week in hand in superior court by a 48-year-old man identified as Frank Doe Who cleans monsine your Timothy Leri abused him for five years beginning of fourth grade? Well, probably Timothy Leri was a little stoned on his ass right drop in I'm a can see you think Doe says Leri who is director of cathedral high school in Springfield promised him entry Oops and tuition of the school, which he says he never received a lot of people promised entry, but But Leri isn't named as a defendant lawsuit instead the man sued the Reverend Francis LaValle who was permanently removed from the ministry of the diocese Springfield more than a year ago Because of credible allegations of sexual abuse. He says Leri introduced him to LaValle who'd also then begin abusing him Like to share I say this kind of like yeah, they passed him around there is all prud LaValle's lawyer CJ Mori Arty who went no Shyla comms by the way The time to comment on the new allegations this morning because he hadn't seen the lawsuit Mark Doopont No relation to Donald Doopont the hardest driver who couldn't find the finish line with a compass and a road map Mark Doopont a spokesman for the diocese said it was the first to be his complaint the church had received against Leri Though a city was abused by Leri's an altar boy at St. Michael's Cathedral in Springfield He said he was also abused its cemeteries after serving at graveside services Sounds fairly grave to me Leri and LaValle each occasionally paid him 25 to 50 bucks to keep quiet about the abuse demand said LaValle was previously named as a defendant to other suits which were settled in summer the suit is on a six filed this week against Springfield I see priests all of them have been removed from the ministry one Richard Levine That's IG and a froggy Richard Levine was defraut last year. I like that Too many priests getting defraut You are listening to Neil Rogers Climsy-Lade This is Jamie. I like to relax my having very diagonal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome on our How what is my call here? Number one rated David Moe holiday David and his home And at least a quote in my aspirations I don't even know how you have children They're a ball hello And I want your take on J. P. Oh J. P. Is a great quote if I can a good Jew I like to be better Well, not the mention he's got extraordinarily smooth The toxins We're gonna be given what you see here No, no wait a minute. Oh go Nothing else to say Oh, but this how's the weather down there in the mirror mom? I'm the right-hand street from you. I am Oh, I know oh, wait by the way I told you what the doll hold you over the break house out, man I'll give you one of my old Tenticia noises wait that was the only call that we had Hey fathletes I know it's closed when some distance almost every day I think Amm I just found a situation how about two to four the Vokka Brian show doing the Amolan Gilding voices. Alright, get a 30 share guarantee. This pack gets me very disturbed Greg and Parkland, okay? Look at that Greg is got a squiggle under his name. Is everybody named Greg right there saying, we're the squiggle under it? I'll check. We're so happy I'm familiar to me. Anyway, it's as I was the caller who asked Mad Dogga, he would do two to six. He said he was very underlying, very interested. Since he simply the best of what he does, how could QM Mr. Sopertumely? If that's the case, I am so foaming at the mouth right now. I just, uh, with all do, you know, probably used to mow. It doesn't make sense to you. Why would they turn it around down? It maybe just makes too much sense, right? Right? Two to six would be asked kicking at them, labastered and stewed gods and run for the hills. Okay, that is just unbelievable. Not very, it's very believable on this plate. And again, this is what happens when he keeps running away and hiding. And we don't get these things all your ducks in a row. I keep using that term. Uh, and that's what happens. And everything is like all right time, the last minute in all hysterical and nobody knows this. And nobody knows that. And they're still like negotiating and thinking and feeling and moving. Moving the chess pieces around on the board. I'll go and I take it back. The checker, uh, what do you call those things on a checker board? Pieces. Checker pieces. Because chess requires an intellect to play it, right? I will even a child can play checkers. Teacher refused to having sex with students appears in court. Are in California? I thought that's where all those good religious writers are in Orange County, California. Huh? Uh, there. And Orange Middle School teacher refused to having sexual contact with two 13 year old boys who were former students was a reindeer today. Sarah Suzanne beats Solario, 28 of orange with charged with 20 cons of Ludacs on a child under 14 years old. 20 counts now. Who's counting? The says back to top for two years at San Diego Charter Middle School was arrested Tuesday. A day after one of the boys told his parents about the alleged contact with his former teacher, Sergeant Dave Hill said bench. I see I got to running bench. Solario, who taught reading an English was book Wednesday at the Orange County jail with bond said at a million dollars. Hill says our investigation indicates the teacher initiated the sexual contact and that this contact with place over a period of several months were looking at events that span several months through our 2004 and part of that investigation is to determine if I happened before that. We believe the contact with place at various locations and we're investigating whether was it the party's homes at the school. After the one boy came forward a follow up investigation and there was a second victim, he'll said, but didn't know if both boys knew about each other. We are confidently solidity of our charges he said. You know what I'm saying? Right. The district attorney said the Ben Solario said do the students over dinner and two emails and phone calls during a series of months before the alleged sexual contact and attorney for Ben Solario said she is embarrassed. She'd not enter a plea yesterday another court of parents' schedule for next week. Ben Solario has married to Christopher Solario who is... Stop, pardon me! An electrical form and who garnered 45% of votes for Blast a bid for trustee in the Orange Unified School District in the November election the other time says couple are raising his treat siblings, his treat siblings ages 5-10 and 14 is fostered children according to newspaper, O'Ole, Orange Unified School District Superintendent Robert Friends said Ben Solario has been placed on administrative leave in the district who is cooperating in the investigation. This is the what is this from? It's from NBC San Diego NBC News TV. They spell her name three different ways in this story 80 million times. Orange Unified School District already said that. This is a personnel matter and not that the face is different from the traditional information you already had. Under the provisions of the California Pymil Code, can I say that? Police notify the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing of Ben Solario's arrest. There you go! And they got full numbers and their further kids to call if she's been dealing with them. If they're victims. Wait till we get to the Michael Jackson's to her who the New York Post it's going to like make her grow on your fallspot. I'm telling you, but we'll do that momentarily. After we take several more great calls. 91 votes for the passionate crisis. The worst movie of the New Millennium so far. But right on it's right on Jesus' ass is Julie with 80. You watch. That's going to go blowing by and glitter. It's moved into glitter. Nice gone, Palay thanks to that color called in last hour. Thank you. Glitter 17. All that glitter is not so good. Ben Helsing 11, Alexander 9, around the world that 80 days has got six. The bullets six, Scott Captain World of the Marocic. She hate me being having six and then after that's my small potatoes. Thank you, I am hello. Yes sir. Just about this whole ministry. You know, they're the boss and games forever. If they touch managed man, Mr. H is going to have to answer them. Okay, I'll see you this time. And just to the end of the day, please play I'm a drase and managed community. Another please. What is it? Managing the Andreas, Andrews, yes. Do we have that? Would you make it? You would always mix it live on this place. You will, yeah, that's right. I'm having the Andreas scanner thing. I do. And you got managed. If you wanted to, we could do it. Okay, well, you should we, you want to try? Wait a minute, I got to find the... Yeah, now. No, but... Is it in your DCS? Right. And you got the Andreas's screaming. I'll play Andreas, you play Melody. Okay. Go ahead. Hey, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert's your... Jack, hold on, Robert, Robert, Robert. Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert your... David front roll, Kevin's ball, Josh. Gears. Yeah. gears.amba, cheer. Yeah.oooooo. gears, cheers. We've got plenty of sombie cars. The Andreas. Yeah. It's from Stevenni. Okay, this one. See? Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the univerized and sink it around the sun. A very, very momentous day. Right this one down in your calendar in January, seven, two thousand and five boys and girls. We're still right now in a schedule, by the way. Tough. Hold your breath. What do you mean by that? In other words, you don't think that when we leave it to a clock, I don't think that when we leave it to a clock, we will have a schedule. Probably because it's not all even done yet. You think? I know. It's W to Q and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, happy to meet you, Neil. Back to you, pal. Hey, I was just calling him. So, because I call him a call earlier. He's a, he's a moron. So, everybody knows that the man that's got a great killer respect for you and he loves you on the air. We had a hard time believing me. You wouldn't even want to know how tight. We've actually powered together. Yeah, the guys are moron, the guys are moron, and they're, he's a little worried man. He's an old turd. That's how much I like the bomb movement in 30 months. I would love to hear Matt that on some two to six, but I also heard this morning the other guy because I can't stand how it's turned in the morning. So, I turn on the Joe Rose because that's a, that's a, another one that I'd great read, let go. Right. And I do not know yet. Yeah, Joe Rose was, uh, was the thing that he would love to recruit the Matt out because of a whole dolphin thing. Sure. And, um, you know, he didn't even offer evidently, but thank the Lord. Thank, uh, they all got them down, I guess. I'm sorry. Yeah. And I just got one last thing. Greg Reed, we hate you. Okay, amen. Thank you, pal. Good. There's a comment. No, it's where the, your bodies are buried. He knows where it's at. He knows the kind of crap that goes on in this place. Yeah, the guy that called me for us said I sound so much champion. I told him back in late August. You remember those days? I do. And I said everything is just great. I'm, uh, ecstatic everything. And of course, that was before we realized that our audience is getting really poor stuff about the whole starting time thing. But that was the only problem. And I said, hey, I'll continue doing this crap until I cropped for a stick me in a box. That's what a good move. I was in. And then, of course, they turned it around and here come the hysterical calls, Clarence and Duff on the phone. And Greg is having another nervous breakdown. I did you say this and the normal can't say that. And all the other stuff that crap. And of course, that went on through the other, I would say probably the ugliest contract negotiations. Even Jimmy Hoffa would have made a comeback to like interview on this. That's how a grotesque was. And if people were saying, well, then why did you sign it? That's a very good question. I don't know. That is a good question. But you notice how much better of mood I'm in right now? I don't want any more of those frantic hysterical calls, Duff or Clarence or Greg. Because I'll just slam them down. I'll slam that phone right down. The last one, I got for the official business. Don't hang up. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. No, it's not a official business. It's monkey business. It's somebody there, which I don't want to mention is name. Have an under nervous cow. OK? Just keep him away from me and everything will be just fine. And keep him out of my face. We got our tenda to, we don't need any help, any interference. We don't need Maddie Bell trying to get George fired. We don't need anybody screwing around with a summer fillings or anything else. Everything here, George, Josh, George, to everything is just fine. Except that Josh didn't put those two names on their way. But that's OK. They worked out well, though, didn't it? They caught up, though, didn't it? Oh, yeah. In fact, it's right on Jesus's ass right now is Dile. Man, no under Jesus looks so distressed. Jesus Christ. Twelve minutes passed, no, and in five, 60, WQAM, ring in the new year with a new car truck from the folks that Armstrong Ford homes dead. You may be even putting off buying anything, but don't wait no more. Because for a limited time, get yourself zero percent financing and under the following. New 05's in stock ready for immediate delivery. Escape, free stars, toruses, F super duty Harley Davidson trucks in the all new, forward 500. Want more than how about 1.9 percent financing on all new 05 expeditions, explorers, F 150's and Rangers. Certain restrictions apply. A lot of Armstrong Ford homes that are jam packed with fantastic vehicles right now, and they're cutting prices like crazy to save even more cash. And of course, at Armstrong Ford, they always offer you more value because when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That is absolutely correct. Tires and batteries for life, plus for a limited time, a free sun pass too. David Richen and staff at Armstrong Ford homes that will guarantee you the best price and they'll treat you great because they're locally owned enough for it. They want to get to know you. They want to make you a customer for life, so it'll treat you just like family. And I guarantee you, I bet you, man, he's life on it several times over. You will get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch, no full need deals. Armstrong Ford homes did there are 307 25. South Dixie Highway just 20 minutes after the 836. Check them on at wickedweb at armstrongcarrs.com and then travel a little and save thousands. From Armstrong Ford of homes day. Sure, this needs a real Roger and six. We'll see you in the next episode. I'm the team A.M. Thank you to Super Bowl with a Miami Delvin Super Bowl half-time job. We'll see you in the next episode. You've been watching men and tight as excited. Wait till you see them and tights and puffs. They might not be going to play in football. But they told us that the Miami Delvin Super Bowl half-time job. Be cheering in James Eon. The little explosion is risk. Such a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. And the old little Marie High kick dance is us. With the Miami Delvin's bezel you with all the sparkling South Beach glamor. Get the ball. So, let's go. There's this. The funniest football team since the movie got. With the Miami Delvin Super Bowl half-time job. From 16, can't wait for that. They are spectacular. They're definitely. Anyway, if we lose the game's big deal. We're going to save a lot of money. In fact, maybe we'll start paying George and Jackson more money if we say that they think. I'll let Ken Sh. we're going to say from giving it to us. Put it in the wings. Talk it in the way. Needs it. I'll tell you why. I got a big hot story coming over right now. Here it is. Fresh off of the alias. You're one of the most expensive home sales ever we recorded in. The county. Bending their business man, H Wayne Heizinger, old-balldy, Pacface, has purchased the eclectic waterfront mansion of his friend and business associate Michael Egan. The one acre-state situated at a bend-out maneuverber has been on the market for a 15.8 million dollars. But the actual sales price is not known. Local real estate experts said yesterday the last time a home fetched up for the 15. Mead it was more than four years ago. That's why he needs that money for them dolphin rights, right? Right. What is this thing you just sent me? I thought you might find the music. The passion of the Jew. That's a sound park thing. That's great. I got to get that. Is this for real? I don't know. I never heard of it. I'm going to search for it right now. There's a picture of the company. But they might have done that themselves. Get out of here. From Steve. I think that's a beautiful thing. I mean, that's so fast. On the psychic. The one acre-state, I want to see. Even among its posh-nubber neighbors, the Egan home in 1575, Posteli on draft stands out. The 18,000 square foot houses a blend of Mediterranean, French New Orleans styles, and features a pagoda at one end of its swimming pool. Tizen is lawyer that is investment firm, Richard Handley, would only confirm the sale on state. The housing of Tanda moved there from his current home across the river on Mola Avenue. Is it Mola or Mola? He likes to Mola and that's why he lives on Mola. He can swear or could be reached for common. Tim Elms, a real estate agent, specializing in luxury home sales at the Elms group of Colwell banker, said the group was a good deal, even at its asking price. The market for homes prices of 10 million has been flat since 2001, but it's picking up, he said. It's one of the absolute flagship properties here, Elms said that you're going to state you have a mile of water view in front of the house, and the character that the Egan's created makes it unique. The relationship between Egan and Haising, they spent the rental car business, Egan sold the Elm over at a car company, to Auto Nation, and led by Haising, Auto Nation, later sold Elm, and the Men and Rolong executives in the company, and the market manager, and he said, I like that. So here we go, Wayne just bought a $16 million house. He needs the big bucks for the rights to the Dalton, because he said, he's not an internet for the sports fans. He couldn't give a crap about them. He's in it for money after the 1997, Marlon World Series win. Remember those days? We sure do. He says a lot of things. He, in fact, that's probably why he and Greg got along, so well, the people would say a lot of things, whatever is expediting at the moment. I would tell you something right now, when you can market at home. And last year, in the lower county, we changed their mind and decided they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here. Wow. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years, and here's a guy that said one thing, and went out and did something up. That's probably why I sold Elm, and I'm called on the Panthers, because he wanted to keep playing there. And like, you know, I have people say, hey, here's a guy that said one thing, and they went back on his word, it's something else, right? Right. Here's a fast from Mike, who says, I think part of the reason you're showed us so well, is because you control the line to the brace between your segments. That is correct. We don't like those nine-temen of brakes. With their new slots, to Mad Dog and Humper, should never, they should lever to shorten their brakes, versus the ten minutes that they have now. No one's going to sit through these voids. Well, if Mad Dog's got ten minutes of brace right now, which I don't, does he? I don't know anything. I don't think so. But there obviously, since you both hang in Mad Dog, because they both have big numbers. So Mike, it's a good point. And of course, if they want to butcher it up again, like they did with the worst team, then the numbers won't be what they're supposed to be. Because people don't like those long. Although Stern, I get to away with it. That's one thing you've got to give them tremendous credit for. He does 12-13 minutes of brace, and the people still listen. How do you like that? Shocking in it? It is. That's called loyalty. I don't know if you care whatever you want to say, because you're getting ready to do like one of your pre-meditated mocks. The New York Post says, Sick O'Stars, Touchy Feely. Oh, there's AJ Touchy Feely again. Now, they're talking about Michael Jackson. Touchy Feely rums with young boys, prosecuted as be seen. Here's the, this is long. It's going to go, we'll go through the break and go through 2006. It's a long one. The story that is. Michael Jackson's prosecutors have a mass day mountain of deeply disturbing evidence against the purported pedophile. Underrated, smut and literate is bathroom. I wouldn't as a counts that he'd elect his young accuser like a cat. And it claimed that his employee tried to cover up child boozing by tampering with a kid's urinary shocking the report reveals. It's not just a new report. It is a shocking. It's a shocking. It's a shocking. How do you like that? Shocking. Oh, my God. Way to do here this. Okay, ready? Ready. Let's go. Let's go. Jacko's pension for pornography fueled an insatiable lust for little boys, according to law enforcement documents published on the website the smoking.com. In fact, you can read the whole of thing on there. I took a few. Jackson, fancy to line for ideas. Can mags he allegedly used to have side of 13 year old cancer, striking go visit him in February, March of 2003. The documents reveal. Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Deputy, founded treasure chest of damaging evidence in Jackson's home. And if compiled a series of troubling I wouldn't as a counts to websites reporting. In a search warrant, a few days ago, I was in a search warrant. And they said, Santa Barbara County Sheriff Sergeant Steve Robell described how Jackson masturbated his booze up victim. I'll do it for you. I'll show you Robell wrote. We counting what he likes victim reported Jackson saying upon their first sexual encounter. Michael then grabbed him in his private area. The boy said that both he and Michael wearing pajamas and lying in Michael's bed. Michael placed his hand down the front of the boys pajamas and started masturbating. The boy said he told Michael he didn't want to do it. But Michael kept doing it. Michael told him it's okay. I'm in my opinion provided him red wine on his Jesus juice, hidden in a dive Pope Cantelam just to drink it to relax him. Authority said they believe Jack O'No, he was in trouble for giving out called aug answer so we steam allegedly product our purpose crime. The boy was sent to give a urine sample as part of his ongoing cancer treatment in March 2003. But oddly on the weighted delivering sample to doctors, and Jackson ate accidentally, spilled out almost the entire sample, making it impossible for doctors to test it according to skeptical police reports. Just an accident you understand. Right. strange coincidence. Deputy spot a leather bag next to Jackson's bathroom sink and a sense tonight briefcase near his bed both containing porno mags club barely legal and couples the website reports for barely legal DVDs and the racing documentary Pimp Up Hose Down were also discovered by cops and Jackson's bedroom library. I think you have me. Pipe up Hose that's H.O. Apothea Pipe up Hose Down. Maybe that's what Michael needed somebody to hose him down. Sounds like there was some kind of a hose job going on here. Three books with pictures of new then were found in Jackson's bathroom with open bottles of jack Daniels and Pino and War. Jackson's bathroom stashed also included professional pictures of a semi-nude girl, a letter addressed to deer applehead a favorite Jackson nickname for young friends and a Christmas party invitation from accused hubby beater lies in an LA the website reports. No Tories Faghag lies in LA. Jackson gave his young never-line visitors ridiculous names like Dudu Head and Blowhole, uh oh and told his victims that if they were busted looking at internet porn they should just say that we're watching the Simpsons. He even told his visitors that boys have to masturbator they go crazy and threaten the children not to tell anyone about their encounters even her gun with other heads. Details about his failed 19-92 molestation case were also detailed on the website. Jackson allegedly has splashes on his buttocks and penis a light cup so he can use these words not because it's a news story. OK Joyce just to relax. Allegedly has splashes on his buttocks and literally a light cup of some of the color of his face to coin a document. The one time accuser also told cops he could pinpoint location of his splashes on Jackson's erect and knew its length. The 1993 boy we counted several details that struck a similar note elements of the current prosecution included in Jackson's alleged beliefs that man on boy masturbation is harmless a natural act. Mashed abation is a wonderful thing that 93 accused are quote of Jackson's telling him. Before buying the boys silence Jackson allegedly threatened him telling the umster he'd be placed in juvenile hall if he ever said a word about their encounters are going to all police affidavits. The singer's spokeswoman declined to discuss the shocking allegations yesterday setting a judge's gag order. His lead defense lawyer did not immediately return messages to see him comment. He scheduled to go on trial on January 31st facing a 10 count indictment for molestation conspiracy and flying as accuser with booze at the singer's never land ranch mansion or facet of arbor as many as 4,000 summons is the potential jurors of a male denourant set of arbor county residents and anticipation of a four to six month long trial. The court papers revealed Jack O'Hanny remarkably disturbing interest in the boy and our cuisine of molestation. This goes on forever. But it's good stuff in it. It's great. Especially if they kneel into a cross he could be in passion to Christ part two. On February 6th 2003 time trip back to California the boys brother and mother both witness Jackson licking the cancer victim by sticking his tongue out and moving his head much like a cat would do in grooming according to a law enforcement affidavits set by the world. Oh man in the middle of lunch hour I got to hear this. Jackson allegedly kept trophies of his February and March conquest with his victim is squirming away the boys sold underwear in a hamper small size hands brand cotton briefed that deputy said they found it never land during the November 18th 2003 raid during these repeated encounters have a rejection never had to avoid touch him according to the website he did tell his victim that white stuff would appear during their masturbation sessions. The boys mother although oblivious to the alleged molestation began demanding that she and her family be allowed to leave never land a request repeatedly denied by Jackson's unindicted co-conspirators according to website former Jackson aid Frank Tyson allegedly told kids to keep quite about leaving never land or I could have your mother killed prosecutors find a show jurors how Jackson used the powerful combination of booze port and explicit sex sex talk to put his victim in the mood all that's playing the mood by Glenn Miller what do you say I got it I think we got it here we do have a knowing I do have it all that stuff okay great let's do a little drum interrupt this here now 27 past noon and que weigh on well or steward coming next year<|vi|> You know what's really isn't taking I've got a very past the same My god, Jack is dead and I'm so hot Because I found a lady trying to kill me I don't miss these back all the time You're my fool but you're mine I've just my own performance all of the grace yet Come over with the Jackson Five There's an ability to see I'm in the middle of that pain Remove the nether of gold, me Baby, see, sorry, only baby, you and me That's right, for the time of tunes of the Jackson Five But it's classic solo work It's like a Jackson's benefit to our hands to please To pick the last two real nice stuff with Bob you've been nile Some call me big brother from a fair to file And I know what you'd have tried I just said, oh, why are you in the middle of that pain I've just tried I'll leave you to some food Michael Jackson Sometimes I'm food and present I just sit around so gently The phone will call from a call We call again When I'm home and don't say Make it by the phone I beat it, hit it And be one of the five what we've always To receive backstage passes To hang out in Michael Jackson Pressing Michael Jackson's benefit And hey, I might go, you're stupid And he's out here real skin-calorie It's inside the couch But I know a game that we can play To find out if it's a game to two sides You know if it's time to free willy I'm sorry, you say What you want? But you know who you're right To the dimension we throw No, how do we? But then don't go and see And here's a rousing finale Yes Michael sings the song he wrote For the show in the world With the end of voice choir Back in the river Who is there? Here are the great Michael Jackson classics White Billy's James He ain't not until time And of course smooth criminal And here's what Michael Jackson's doer To benefit theardo passes school And throw away wood boys Get your tickets now boys and attend a bit of free You can't come by by no one They're white They're really tight They're white They're really tight Oh Talk to you too You know I said you thought direction this time Take everything kosher Okay Or did you do that? I didn't learn Anyway, here's a fast before I get back to the Michael Jackson's saga from the New York Post this morning Ray WM Longbrace versus Stern's Longbrace I've heard your computer hang Goldberg's In the humanities WM Longbrace Howard Stern's Longbrace The difference is Howard Stern runs 20, 30, 40 minutes segments followed by longbrace That's quite different than QM running 3 minutes segments and 20 minutes segments and 20 minutes segments and 20 minutes breaks The last batch was correct to make no different Zugreg puts on morning's and have Dunes when it's 48 minutes slash hour spots Other New York show I was in the 7, 9, the ESPN And interesting thing about this batch is it signs your old fineberg So thanks for listening Joel Well if that's the case then how come they both have been kicking ass for so long Right? I would agree that the breaks are sometimes aborted That the ummms for sure is an administration But they're absolutely acceptable But then again it's not for me to say like Johnny Mathews would say Now I'm getting back to this Jackson met the sick boy who was suffering from kidney cancer in early 2000 Later we're profiled in the British documentary living with Michael Jackson Even before the documentary Jackson was very close to his future A ladies victim they spend hours on the phone and during visits never landed Cruise to a photographic websites Although Jackson never touched a little boy until February 2003 According to report But as soon as that behind the scenes Look hit the air in February 2003 Let me see it again But as soon as that behind the scenes look hit the air in February 2003 Jackson's team packed over the PR nightmare The singer touched off by cuddling up with little boy The club owner of ESPN Mollestate and charges with another young 293 That potential accused took a huge civil settlement And declined to help authorities set of armor prosecutors now apparently Have the alleged victims cooperation And our second use his testimony Jackson's upcoming trial Once the firestorm of bad PR struck after living with Michael Jackson His AIDS-tinders spend the story by producing the family for a press conference in Miami They were all whisked to Miami in a jet owned by comedian Jackson and pal Chris Tucker Who was aboard the California to Florida ride according to the smoking gun But that press conference never happened because Jackson was team decided to take a new lock and key approach To give him the kid in a family quite a corner prosecutor's team Jackson Led to the movie and kept the family locked up at Neverland Where the singer took a special interest in the boy and his mother and paid a little attention She was a sister corned to website Joseph Takopina, a New York-based lawyer for Tyson and former Moppies For a fellow unended to co-conspirator Vincent Amen Flotley denied that he had either his client or former client ever threatened anybody It's so laughable, it's so ludicrous that our students people were held hostage in Neverland By Tyson and Amen said Takopina adding his contact more like chauffeurs and prison guards The mother when she was on her shopping sprees with Frank and Vinny on Rodado Drive On Michael's dime when she in handcuffs She tells a store manager please call a police and being held hostage in Neverland No Tyson Amen Amen Ronald Connocier videographer Mark Schiffel and business manager Deeter Weesner our all-viggin investigative un-indicted co-conspirators capture the world of the website A legal aimless said prospective jurors who live in rural Santa Barbara County are ready Already inoculated Jackson's eccentric taste But that these new revelations could be damaging this would hurt him more people didn't already know him as well They already think he's a freak said Fox News channel legal editor St. Goldman A law professor at loyal a loyal a Muram out at University in the LA But being seen as a freak is never helpful thing now. He said unless it's made it well So there you go. That's the article from near approach today Sickos stars touchy feeling wrong for you on board. Put your feeling got it got it Okay, let's take much calls for this day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon ticket of wireless lines the pull we got so far the worst movie of the millennium since 2000 is got a good battle going on Man there are side by each touch of the Christ one 12 glee one ten litter 24 fan-housing 14 hours and eleven after it's small potatoes WCWA and hello is Jesus back WCWA and hello You're not your system Bob. I think probably it is the last day for that show. I was Bob Novak It was on yesterday. I watched about two seconds just to see if it was on they're saying bye to Tucker Carlson And is nice pies. He doesn't have mother Tucker pies. Any mother butler mother Humper Whatever that is. That's what denies by the way your favorite. Oh, I don't you're going to be stopping there often now They had a great time experience earlier this week. Great dying experience. That was a I'm dying over here. Do you know me? Hello. Yes, sir. Nobody did from just McElly. What is it? From Justin to Kelly. Oh, from Justin. That's right. I forgot they made that movie right from Justin to Karen. I wish I could forget it. Oh, guy. By the way, see the editor on the final sign at the great movie. Okay. Okay. Marky down. Thanks a lot, Kelly. And back from Justin to what think about I mean to whatever they're for Kelly. We do that. Oh, I talk about a lot of gay, factory. I'm sorry we'll begin later from that to Orthodox guy with a jeep like anything. W Q A and hello. Okay. Tomorrow. My name. My name is Colton. W Q A and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. No, don't yell at me hurt my feelings. But I think together she thinks. You want to yell at you? No, please don't. It's a guy at the top. I like that. I hate the guy to the cross. It's all gossip and moller. You've got to go with you. No more time to a clock. I don't know who he is. He's always talking baseball of football. But after you show he comes on. You mean the guy that comes on now is your managed. You don't know who he is? But I know I know it's vaguely, but I hate a show. I mean, you know, I think you're making a mistake by taking a stern off. I've made you think the start and I'm glad I made you. I love your show. Thank God. Great. Thanks, Lord. Thank God. Amen for Neil. Bye bye. Thanks a lot, Paul. See that we got some listen. Thanks, Paul. Thanks to our spirit and Robin. I'm not that big on Robin. And, and, uh, and, uh, we're big on our days pretty funny. But you don't know because you don't listen. I don't. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You can call into a great Stayhouse. And then they like put, uh, Beloney and the Stamp on the plane, you know. It's not exactly what the people that went into were protecting. Or thought they were paying for, I was just piece of crap. Once he's starting to pick the six of these, you know Ra, I'm going to be that. That's really cute. OK. beans. Right. It'd be nice if I was walking at him and bively That But maker shamber theona and the dolly mow and the wantable of an a no one uh... yet it's a mow on to one right twenty two one five sixty w got maddoctor now i guess will find out it's about time we're gonna get some answers i think will find out for sure for him if he offered you two to six napa's done that there they're even done with the night off there uh... it's just it's not possible that he thought it was uh... very intriguing and he was very interested what's not to like six to seven i keep telling you guys six to seven and i forget about it's tv viewing time is dinner time six to seven anybody in his business knows that in at least in this market this isn't the europea lay when drive time goes to seven o'clock okay in this market it's six a and six p after that forget about it's a damn thing off okay with all with all the respect that he can't use a case or can go those got some but uh... i mean that's it right yeah and back in the day we used to have uh... the worst he missed the ten we were doing ten to two hand quick to the six right did the time slot that counts is two to six not for this seven where do you people come up with that's cocky right but then again if we you know if we can't uh... you know if we got a lot to the six we can put more than it's a lot of how about most six to uh... like uh... nine at nine i would have been fine i wouldn't be too bad all of you have to drive rush out all the way from book and i think it'd be too crazy about that they could come down early in bond with everybody before the show twelve forty one at w q i'm hated your lesson fifty grand last year if the answer is yes then absolutely is time for a career chain of food pick up the phone call fast train tool free at one eight six fast train because fast train can have you trained ready for a new high-paying career in his little last four short easy months fast train offers high demand high-pay career training if you like computers and if you ever thought about becoming a computer network professional this is a thing blue call fast train tool free at one eight six fast train demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high fast-ranking every train ready for that new career in just four easy like i said short months it seems to me i said it like only ten seconds ago fast rains got locations all over town so there's body one close by you they're in candle during my andy pember pines and even in four lot of it fast train offered job placement of financial aid for people to qualify and day evening and weekend classes are forming right now so if you'd like to get off that day then if you'd like to start putting some serious cash in your pocket and find a life here's the way to do it just pick up that phone news obligation call fast train today tool free one eight six six fast train right right you yeah on an eye are going to dinner you want to come along not now dad oh playing with your giga pair huh no it's my new giga junkie and it's slippery is cocaine just a few who has got toys it's the electronic interactive for and that's better than a path giga junkie right here believe it's so my TV again every giga junkie starts out clean and sober it's up to you to give a just a right amount of rationalization yeah with only a little cream and magically your giga junkie turns into a full one problem but all the time it's better clean it out giga junkie makes caring for that old virtual pass see me easy and every giga junkie is guaranteed to be and gross oh man you both depends again so forget the paths get yourself hooked on the cyber toy that's really a dip in what happened battery's died no it's our z better get them to rehab oh yeah get it junkie it's more than a toy it's a virtual pain thanks god that wasn't a fart song you know it's more like a squishy whatever I want to try to just a digital thing digital squishy I like that 1246 at five 60 WKM and to be very careful on each and every one of these things because God don't know his big brothers listen man George Rolub would be so proud wouldn't he he would the good news is Glee has passed past another crisis oh she passed Jesus like he was uh a tie-off for some like it was dead Glee won 21 passed to the Christ one 12 the worst movie of the enumalenium glitter 25 Ben Helsing is right on the ranch remember I was talking about Armstrong Williams you know who that is nope you've seen him you just know who he is got like beaty those those kind of like bifocal glasses you know black skin head guy really rabbit right winger never said a seeking the bills support among black families for its education reform law the Bush administration paid a prominent black tundid 240 granted promoted to the law on his nationally syndicated tv show and to watch other black journalists to do the same talk about a sellout literally and figuratively how do you like that the ultimate sellout the campaign part of an effort to promote no child left behind required commentator armistral Williams to regularly come on on in CLB during course of his broadcast and to interview education secretary Rod Page for tv and radio spots that they were during the show in 2004 Williams said he said he understands a quick expiry range of an on ethical but i wanted to do it because it's something i believe in he said oh what a what a proctor crap the top democrat on the house education committee represented George Miller California called the contract a very questionable use of taxpayers money that is probably illegal he said alask is republican counterpart to join him in requesting an investigation good the contract detailed the documents obtained by u.s. today through a freedom of information act request also shows that the education department to the kitchen public relations firm arranged with Williams to use context with the america's black forum a group of black rock cast journalists to encourage the producers to periodically address nine uh... no child left behind he persuaded radio and tv personality Steve Harvey to invite page on to a show twice Harvey's manager rush in McDonald confirmed the appearances Williams contract was part of a one million dollar deal with catch and that produced video news releases designed to look like news reports the bush of administration news similar releases last year to promote its medicare prescription drug plan promoting a scolding from the government accountability office which called a many legal use of taxpayers dollars Williams forty five a former ad us of import justice clearance token Thomas is one of the top black conservative forces in the nation he host the right side on tv and radio and writes up at pieces for newspapers including waceted a are running a pubic relations firm grandboy's i like that all so i've told you all these goes to show you if you pay anybody and other uh... sell it out what's your price doesn't forget about the prices right what's your price how much will it take right right how much how many dollars to like uh... say whatever we want dot to the man that's what j i said i'll say whatever you want for thirty bucks right sure what i can use it so can be good night if you do that for no people you can grab it by your own day and tv way before your door driver gets it for it i would hold your breath but you touch a lot of crap and plus he says drug sales are slow now five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a rising all i guess many well uh... maybe good deal that was all about that little yeah we're going to be a one line ring and i'm flying on which makes me very reluctant w q a hello hello yes sir yeah i'll get a vote yeah uh... i gotta go with jilly what you guys okay number one man with a bullet yeah out of the new sounds like me hey i'm sorry i i gotta tell you i i'm a new jersey now and i just bought a computer so it's like the first chance i've had the listen to you in five years five years did i moved up here five years ago i knew i knew something's been missing thank you you're back and this is great i thought i got my computer work right you know i'm a little behind if you know to me i know what's your meaning there's nothing like a little behind you know what you mean okay really good to hear you have a great life thank you all right yeah just like being home without having to be there it's even better although he's in jersey so nothing's perfect i should ask him what part of jersey like maybe the good part or the good part of jersey i guess maybe ten of fly angle wood i don't know is there certainly not the metal lands all right what is that what's what's the acidy where metal lands is do i see because the city of confused because there's metal lands pennsylvania and the metal is raised track is there with the rods you're used in calling the races with his loud centuries obnoxious egotistical uh... what is the uh... metal lands is it oh east rutherford i see josh it and on that because that's what the jet's play well right right in my correct the metal lands complexes in east rutherford new jersey if you ever been there no i have i was at the track there one time had a renegade i couldn't accept we have an hour to find it you know what that's like when you renegade in your life's night time you're at the races and you go out there and you try to find a renegade of course you've only driven it once you have no idea what it looks like and you're and there's like ten thousand cars out there do you know i'm burrsing that is mid-event burrsing and you're walking and walking and croissant people start looking for like your car thief or something like a working in the park in latino man i found it five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a verizon and singular wireless lines w q a m hello neo yes sir steam from fusion hey Steve how you doing good i got a uh... the china call you since remember you had that technical problem that you did the whole show from your telephone sure yeah well i have a tape here of the two technicians that were trying to fix the problem you want to hear it you're right okay all of hey no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no you don't like about area put in head with it i have to replumb the whole joint you got that wow do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do and the moment to all we get the moment we like it you know what to say i've been now we took a poll on that i bet you know what to response with oh yeah no no we already did take that area of the snow and you and you like in the middle of the packet so like he was like on the and i said and you didn't like to expect a little bit well but once he comes back and we get all this uh... first you go again right we were imaginary and of course with him it doesn't have to be a manjener well you gotta start rubbing up against him no thanks for your much rather really well you know like rep is ball spot everyday to a clock in a certain you know get a warm and fuzzy feeling that hello get the best friction go give more that glow so that the show don't blow w q a and hello hey no yes sir i got a couple of movies for the poll excellent uh... what about the movie across roads with the pretty stairs movie no yeah i'm with me and uh... the charlie angel full throttle okay all right you got a mine thanks up have a good you too you got that trash i got that and i don't want you to tell me you got him and then like doing a break i'll look and see you know like the next hour that i'm trying to be pushy anything like that but since you're not doing anything with their besides sniffing both the middle fingers i mean what's what's different is a mate or the in-laws finger they're already on their both fingers wow that was pretty quick of all fingers around their he touched it gly is starting to pull away from jesus a little bit while i tell you one of the jesus christians are going to be too happy about that yet to hours of bloodshed and uh... and masochism i don't really know that that's uh... my company you know that whole jesus thing where did they come in yesterday on the best ones i already smith came that i i guess i tossed it out i'm looking at the top five because yeah i was there i was like the title of the i believe w q a and hello new yes sir what's up man how you doing pali not too bad all you get i uh... you used to work in that for a lot you know my why your pillow biter oh bill but right in here last part i'm still working on it smuck what are your people again w r yeah two hours of watching uh... and masochism i've been a little bit of a lot of i co-chamber that hold you this thing two o m what's that coming yet one of the on your w q a and hello o m q a and hello i do a and i'm okay pali i have a couple of great barcine jersey uh... one of them is as you act it on the Delaware and you're one of the selected highway eight so it's hard to do parts of the same man okay i usually turn this really by ha ha ha ha ha ha ha i mean it's to be happy and so i'm sure that he really had to be part of there you right i think it's your help used to be really great before the neighborhood's changing no that's nice in our course of the and but uh... you used to be nice yeah yeah nice because it's you know very close to feelings so you can get away with that that is correct that's it you now okay pali five how do you guys five six seven oh five six the pound five six the univerived and sing it a wireless line man don't miss the man dog today at two o'clock because he's going to be uh... giving it a load on i guess right but they're low because you would as you i think you were right we only got another hour to go and uh... i don't think there's going to be any schedule for a coming i don't see anybody capable of generating one in the building in other words does already gone no clearance all in other words tough can't do the schedule of classes in the resettler which are timey wall he doesn't know it i have you know he doesn't know it he knows if he's just holding back this is all this is all just a dog and pony show isn't it no and fact of probably our friend of negotiations continue as i speak right now line nine w q m hello the tongue out boogie is the worst movie in the world the what movie compound movie compound i don't think i'm saying it right the home power into the fist right into the first we can't see that okay pali it didn't talk to the entity okay thanks now what is it called compound and to the fist wow and the first that sounds awfully gay w q a m hello yeah i have the work movie ever made okay ninety eleven and ninety eleven all uh... all boy looking lucky lucky sicky sicky is with the fs mean he was probably the guy who was a really driving the car when rickson's got wrongly accused of killing a kind from the same it's probably this guy right don't put that on there by the way because then that see that would be just fodder for the right wingers oh that was the worst piece of propaganda uh... Michael Moore's the anti-gray yeah yeah yeah can't handle a truth man just like jacknickle sin said you're a bunch of emotional cripples you're a season you're a judge and this is a classic a m one to two hour yeah boy i feel my tank up now was i don't know i'd be helping finance nine eleven by giving money to unicall or abacall and the god lives that's who my life's on last night that was having all the and in the biggest green things i made two to today how was i to know i was providing bath water to the middle heat and i'm gonna get and three times i don't know i'm gonna cigarettes you're helping to finance ragnar rewards and breaking the law of based on the old movie refer madness let it go to one of is the sked of all mankind i just thought so we can join now i'm white man you know i just just i just just i just just i you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you nature in the universe and on his planet, it's obvious that man is certainly much more intelligent or some being a nature is pretty impotent, right? Oh, they're low-debt. Yeah. The district was sued by the ACLU and Americans United for separate New Church in state on December 14, over plans to teach the theory starting next week. The lawsuit is the first to challenge a teaching of intelligent design which the group say violates the constitutional separation of church in state and is obviously, uh, and they're correct. The civil rights group argued that intelligence design is a thinly veiled version of creationism, belief that Earth was made by God. That's with an O, by the way, GOD. God, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in the 1980s that teaching creationism in public schools with violating the constitutional separation of church in state. The school district said in Wednesday's court filing that it's biology curriculum policy does not advance religion, right? And my name is Iskavibil. Instead, it informs students about the existing scientific controversy surrounding Darwin's theory of evolution. What controversy is that? I must be, I must have been sleeping at the controversy that they create. Oh, Christian Conservatives who played in the Jesus Christers who played an important role in the reelection of President Bush have been pressing for decades for creationism to draw taught in the schools as they continue trying to drag us back into the Stone Age, uh, kicking and screaming. Lawyer for the school boards said that neither creationism nor intelligence design will be taught to students and that no religious beliefs will be taught. Intelligence design does not presuppose any supernatural being and is not creationism they school district be saying that it's response saying the school district will also continue to teach evolution. It's kind of like you pick them. On January 13, teachers will be required to read a statement saying that intelligence design is an escalation of the origin of life that differs from Darwin's view and that if students want to read more about it, read more about it like, uh, what was his name in the field of more spots? Johnny, little Johnny. Okay. Read all about it before your time. They can read a book called of pandas and people which they can find in the school library of pandas and people. Which old Walzak legal director of the ACU in Pennsylvania said the plaintiffs, well, you know, I was watching a thing on PBS yesterday that I only because was named the a mother of science, uh, you know, is then the best showing. I forget what the area was, but they're showing like brown bears. Okay. And the bear found honey in a tree and he was standing erect, just like I said erecting. I'm just like a human being and he was hard, honey out of this like the whole name of the tree and like they do. Standing up straight like, yeah, just like we do, you know, right? Or like we were supposed to, even though we were a lot of racers lunched over. Pop the lich in the birds. Right. Anyway, I mean, what might even confuse people with the facts, you know, just the nature where I just abuse it, just forget about it, but it means it when you can. We told Walzak legal director of the ACU in Pennsylvania said the plaintiffs will not see can order this stuff of policy being implemented next week. Hope the case will go to trauma coming once. It's like the scopes monkey trial all over again. Great. Let's go back at the 20s again. We can bring back Orson Wells. It's a big amount of the box out of the panel case. This is the first legal challenge to intelligent design and that will make it important Walzak said. If we lose, we really fear that you'll see school districts all across the country teaching so called intelligent design and television. Right. Isn't this pathetic or what? I'm Tony Man, the far-bison they're taking over. The rest of you better head for the hills. 567.0.560 pound. 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. The response to our format change, what's he's been less than? What was it that Jim Sarni said? The phones would be like the shows would be burning or smoothing or burning. Foning, falling at the mouth? Sarni, you don't know your answer from my elbow. That's what you know. How many QAM? Hello. How could you? Yes sir. My nomination for the poll would be Freddie Gutinger. Okay. I would answer and say I know why you didn't say much about it this week. It's way too much to make sure that it's going to be a good time doing it. Yeah, I know. Just because considering the way you don't sing up at all for the past two weeks, and you know about you guys and then this is what about it. I'm going to stand up. Yeah, it's way too much to make sure that it's going to be a good time. I hope that's good time. I'm sure we'll get Sky reports. Yeah, for sure. Okay, Sally. All right. I don't think we want to put that pretty good. Yeah, we do want to put it on there, but I mean putting it on there right on the heels of that come towel fist or whatever that thing was. Enter the fist. Yeah, oh, this whole poll now is starting to take like a turn for the worst. W to QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, man. How big are you? Can I speak to you? Can I speak to you? You're speaking to him. Oh, how about alien versus Tyler? What is it? Alien versus Tyler? Okay, alien versus Tyler. You got it. Thank you. Thanks, we are. A little quiet. Huh? Very lucky. Why? It's good. Prepare yourself for the ultimate showdown of evil. Alien versus Tyler. What do you want? Wait for that. It's ready for Nightmare on Elf Street and Jason for Friday the 13th. That's right. The ultimate showdown of evil. Just got evil. It's alien versus Tyler. It's alien versus Tyler. versus Freddy versus Jason. There's evil everywhere. Wait, that's why you're in the show. It's all. That's all. That's all. Chuckie for the child's way. Now, the ultimate showdown of evil isn't just evil. It's ultimate. It's alien versus Tyler versus Freddy versus Jason. Of course, it's Chuckie. It's just any theory. Well, if you can, put this a guy from that Texas James on that guy. That's it for us. Now, it's alien versus Freddy versus Jason. versus Chuckie versus Louder's ace. What are they all planning on for? I think it's all the who gets top-selling. This is so hard. Horan has a really long name. Delta this. Alien versus Tyler. First is where you get the idea. He doesn't think there's anything. Horace is Maddie Bell. Somebody to QAM. Hello. Be well. How's it going? Pretty good, pal. Hey, tell all your opinions. It's the lead in very important. Would you have a radio show? Sometimes. Do you think Mad dogs' rates are going to be crap with the police, Ethan? No, I think Mad Dog. I mean, there's some people in the business who can generate their own audience. So, in the words, if people like you and I'll fill tune in whenever you come on, assuming you come on the same time every day is a pretty good idea. I don't think that'll be a problem. I just think people are going to listen to you and change the station. They may forget or whatever. What happened to Mad Dog did to the six. Don't you agree with me that that would have made the most sense? Two to five. Bad dogs said four hours was too long. Why not three? Oh, and you said, well, said he said four hours was too much. Yep. So, you have to say two to five sounds. Okay, to me. I'm going to get break of call, all right. Please. Thank you. I'll give you a message. I can't say it on the air. What you should pass along for me. Five six seven. I need to, um, I don't know. Maybe I need to get my engineer up here. But the, is maybe it's Josh. Is not cranking these calls by notice this week. And I'm going to believe me. I'm not popping any oxies like right. But hearing isn't diminishing. But the, you know, it's how often I keep saying, what is it? Because it's them. Is it them? It is. Because if I, if I crank this thing up too loud, I can crank it up a little more. Yes, because the all the audio that calls in the overhead around the same pot. And I can crank it up just a little bit more. But although I think it kills some more good time. What is it saying again? I'm going to put that out of the thing plus this sounds like there's a little bit of an echo line. And now there's a little reverb. No. How about now? There you go. Or. If you want to do it around, let's try this again. It was all the revenue. I was at now. Oh, I have a little bit. I'm still getting comments about that. Are you really? Oh, yeah. It was just set up the, like, plan and add a time. Oh, when you told me that I just wanted to fall on the floor and give up. Yeah. You think that you haven't done anything. We haven't done anything else on this show for years. Other than that, all the flat that we had. We're getting and they love it. Everybody loved it. Yeah. I was being my pants. Okay. Well, I guess what? Let's start signing some other interview with problems. Like, just kick around the piece of equipment. Let's see how much fun we can have. Or that. Hey, I'm already for them. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Alright. Sorry. Americans, not sure about Bush. Oh, I am. I'm very sure. I'm positive. Yeah. President Bush prepares to start a second term with an ambitious list of tasks. That also a public evenly split about his job performance in AP poll found. Bush's approval rating is at 49% with 49% disapproving. His job approval is in the high 40s and several other recent polls as low as any job approval rating for a re-elected president of the start of a second term in more than 50 years. How did this happen, boys and girls? Presidents were getting Clinton had job before ratings. They were 60% just before their inauguration for their second term court of Gallup polls. President Nixon's approval rating was in the 60s, right after his 72-re-election, slid about 50% rate before his inauguration and moved back over 60. Eisenhower's job approval was in the lowest 70s, just before a second inauguration for 57. Bush and Congress are about to tackle ambitious project creating private accounts of those in social security system, a nightmare, a bad mistake, overhauling the federal tax code and limiting lawsuit damages, those tasks will be all more difficult with the TEMPED poll ratings for both Bush and Congress. About 4.10, 41% approved the job Congress is doing, while 53% disapproving of the poll, if you're not saying that. See, we just have election folks, I know it's like January the 7th. We just have election, it seems to me a couple of months ago. What happened? I don't know. Republicans overwhelmingly approve of Bush's job performance and Democrats overwhelmingly disapproved a split-finderable lesser extent in the congressional numbers. Only one in six Democrats say the approval of Bush's job performance, the full found, and January in 2002, 6.10 Democrats approved of the job. Oh yeah, that was right after 9.11. January of last year, about a quarter Democrats approved the job done by Bush, not only one in six. So Republicans are delighted, they're ecstatic, all the flat earth crowd, the Jesus Christers, the endothalls, the Neonanese, they're ecstatic. They got their mandate, got their way. I should be disqualified by the Colonel David Hackworth, that you have thanks me for the show. Yeah, that's pretty good. The voice of the grunt is pretty good. I got a few things here that I probably ought to dig my teeth and do. Paul Kurtman is usual a great column, more than fiction, I'm going to do that one too. Oh, are you going to read again? Yeah. I'll do whatever the hell I want. All but I got some bad news for Aaron Carter fans, how many of them are there? But, sir, he makes an out-of-niss audience. He makes Nick Carter seem like I like Nick Carter. Great, I don't even mean, I hate to do this. He's all right. Huh? Burke is a little fade, but, huh? They mean to now, he can't sing at all out of the studio, Nick, but they mean to good workers, but they mean to that. I remember we used to record those for your daughter, for some green all the time. I had some good songs that a few good songs are not a thing that somebody taught them to do. Oh, no, and that studio is Sweden where they can make any, but I sound absolutely even you. Well, how about now? That's the most important thing we need to go there. Teen Top stars SUV, Burn Zepter, action on turnpoints. Oh my God. Teen Hearts Rob, Aaron Carter. If you think Nick, and you think actually Simpson is talented, you ain't heard Aaron sing yet. Teen Hearts Rob, Aaron Carter, launched his Cadillac Escalade, but escaped with his life when the vehicle caught fire. After hitting a mattress that fell from a truck and front of him on Florida's turnpike, early Thursday morning, I guarantee it wasn't from dial-a-matrous. They don't drop the mattresses off on the turnpike. Carter 17 was northbound on the turnpike near Sample Road on his way to Orlando, about 1230 to morning throughs day. When the mattress tumbled off the cargo bed on a delivery truck. Everything happened in such a whirlwind, Carter said in the statement, it was like the mattress blew out of nowhere. Maybe it was a flying mattress. Oh, that might have been it. He ran over the mattress and it got wedged in the SUV's carriage, catching fire. The blaze quickly spread of the escalade. Carter and a friend who was with him got out of the vehicle before to explode his suffering only. Myder bumps and bruises said Carter's spokesman Brad Zifeman in the statement. The pops singer who's older brother is Nick Carter, the Vax Street Boys, was going to a photo shoot in Orlando for the cover of a single let's do it on March. He made it to the shoot after we're coming to the front house, following the accident. Thanks a lot, tack, Aaron's going to be okay. Aren't you relieved? Oh, yeah. 114 and 5, 16WQM audio horse racing fans and poker players. Pompano Park is the place to meet a plunger guts out. Pompano Park features free admission and free general parking airb8. Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, like today and Saturday 2. Poker starts at noon. Live racing gets underway night late 725 pm, including tonight. And don't forget every Monday night, there's 2 for 25 dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant. On the 6th floor, every Wednesday night, the Pompano Park is dollar night for draft beer, so to hot dogs and more. And, best of all, everybody's personal favorite. The first Monday of every month at Pompano Park is free, spaghetti dinner night. On half of the news by a program, they give it a little coup on a four floor and you get a free free at evening dinner. Pompano Park is also open every day, 7 days and nights a week for a final casting with the best and harness, Thurbert Holley action from all across North America, free to watch and plunge your guts on. Watch out for Brad Cramer. Pompano Park, a block south of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road called 9504, 977-22000 for the new racing schedule, or go online at pompanopark.com. Pompano Park course power, you can fund your guts on toast time tonight 725 in a P.S. You're listening to Neil Roger on the way to the school of the 23rd on 566-60. Or QAM. Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park Pompano Park From this day From this day From this day From this day From this day From this day From this day From this day From this day From this day From this day From this Sunday The World The World From today The World Mr. Karrick anyway or did he decide that his boss wouldn't want to know the Nelson report I respect a newsletter reports the Nisterburses made it clear to his subordinates They didn't want to hear any bad news about Iraq either way when the Senate confirms Mr. Gonzalez It'll mean that I I I Yaki are it's okay if you're a Republican remains in effect that the basic rules of ethics Don't apply to people lying with the ruling party and reality will continue to be worse than any affection I could ever write I Yaki are can you say it so that pretty you're a few to me five six seven 0.560 pound five 60 only Verizon and sing it a wireless lines mad dog coming up at two o'clock As we wait breathlessly for the announcement what will it be will be two to six will be four to seven will be Hopped over to seven ninety got for bid on the dolphin games you're off it off again. Let's just story So many questions in so little time and knowing the way this up this outfit operates It wouldn't surprise me if they don't have all their ducks in the row again You know so that keep coming back those ducks WQ and hello Yes, sir Why are you always complaining about the government and everything and you still ask your answer WQ and hello Neil that's why I'm here. Yes, sir first time long time. How you doing pretty good? I just wanted to second yeah, you may be able to flash back there on the car about the orange ball There was one of the files and the series. It was absolutely horrible My friend's an edible cardboard definitely the best way to describe it right and I think I was in and The four months when I had Howard and you right after the that's four months to my radio life No, I love you babe. Thanks, Pally. There you go. Yeah, could have worked out if there have been a little discussion Little of more planning a little board common sense, but no just hop right in you know Just pull out your pants jump into the pool. Oh, there's no water in it I'm like two-thirds of the way down already. What do I do now? That's the QAM F in way make no mistake about it if anybody after things I'm exaggerating just kind of like in your mind flash back over these past A few months depending on how long you've been listening over the past two three years and ask yourself how can this be how is this possible? You know what I mean? Line nine WQAM hello All right, Joey Reynolds. We really great. Let's put it out. They're not Joey Reynolds my ass. Do I have that? I don't think I have it. Is it what I don't know what I don't have it here? The one where says I hope you be in the ratings You're better than I am. Does anyone that's a cart? It's a cart back there. Oh, I don't worry about finding it just one of these days When you think about it. I'll double before the show so I have it see back in those days I don't want to like reminisce about that crap But one of the things we did that was kind of fun was we called up all the other morning people on the year while we were on the year Column built hair we called up Viewdale called up Joey who else was on was Rick and says on my accent Huh, I don't recall. Well, whatever we did we call the other people and we like we got the inside lines or whatever And we and everybody else came on a year and we had a good time with them. They yucked it up and Joey says I hope you be the ratings You're better than I am, which of course is true and the only one I got like all that out of shape was Greg Budelle Mr. insecurity, you know Mr. I got real serious problems and all you're interfering with my show Well first of all who who forces take the call Greg? You know who forces you take the call and we just haven't fun with everybody It's trying to be friendly and point out that we we were beating everybody else's ass which we were but only Gregory Benjamin Budelle He's the one that had a problem with that which reminds me of something we haven't played on a show in a long long time I wonder I wonder what it's under is it under a good time for the great here is it in the right agony? What is that under? I don't look down agony. You know I'm talking about I think I know you're talking about it's a good time for the great time Good time for the great taste. Oh, that one. Yeah, well, this is noodles So my name is all the way so good time for the great taste. I thought noodles was like from once upon a time in America That's an underrated movie. I should point out you see it. Yeah, let's see it twice It took me three times it all the way through it. It's extraordinarily long It's first of me give the uncut version and it's kind of hard to find too many real Italians on cut But it goes down for like three and a half hours, but it's pretty good and the only thing that disturb me was like He gets through the whole thing and I've said this before get through a three and a half hour moving the end The directors as well You know it might have just been a hallucination Robert dinner was just having a bad drug trip right it was an open-air Overcrap. Yeah, it's made up movie anyway. What do you have to? See that's for the students though. They have to analyze it. They have to intellectualize it They have to like and dissect it see I just watch the movie. It's like having a meal I don't like analyze all the ingredients So it's made it tastes like there's a little oregano in this sort of you know Taste it you chew it you can use swallow it and if it's good great You're happy you got a smile on your face right right as the Greek say your gazette and public but I don't know there reminds me that scene in the emphasis where Lijacov is talking to father paranoia About how he likes to critique film and all this other crap and then yeah answer the question father paranoia That's Lijacov is so good But you know you can't live in a past look what we got now man we got Leo That's the hurry and rejoin body You happen all the boy I guess we just got a conservative time Oh It's No one says Jesus in Oh Jesus All right Well Jesus Oh Jesus Yeah Oh No Oh I thought one of the most funny things in the movie was right at the end when Jesus said I'm dying of the hands 144 is 16 built to a five 60 WQAM look at that Geli is pulled away from Jesus In fact Jesus probably hold him back because he might have been even wearing your that turd Julie 153 the worst movie. They know millennium in the last four and a half four years plus four years in a month Passed up the Christ 143 glitter 36 with Moriah scary from Justin to Kelly 33 it's both sweet that movie I'm sure not that I've seen it, but I'm sure it is fan housing 16 the Hulk 13 I was a late edition on it a Hulk She hate me 11 Alexander 11 the village 10 Scott kept in the world of the Marathon and Harold and Kumar go to white cast old 10 everybody else is in a single digit See that's that's interesting Well, I'd say would be as Jesus movie it was in the top five yesterday on the other list now to for the best of the last year That was in the top five foot of worst at last four years and the same with Harold and the sh freckle go to Wayne arms roll castle How's Wayne doing by the way? Have it hurt for literally now for since Hudson dive, but that was right I don't rule first is wife passed away like a few months before and then he died that that happens a lot Yeah, with couples that were married for like a very very long time one guys now when just kind of like withers away and See I'm thinking I'm thinking you got to move on man life is for the living right got him right Fine, I thought I wanted to sound like some heartless cool bastard, but we got to move on just like when my mother died You know my life is fine. I'm hanging in there. I'm like holding my own you'll bastard right Just put in love with you. I know somehow somehow you'll overcome that Yeah, somehow you know or if your wife would get hit by a Mac truck on away home from other's market or something like Hmm See don't cast all I you should have worried about getting married. I tried me. He wouldn't listen to you I tried I would We shot I was really just amazed and this made ends your fault. You should have told me about that You know how embarrassing it is there's only one thing more embarrassing when you say I had to find out that it was all the same You knew about it right you knew about it was out of mind it was a small deal only one thing worse than Saying hey say how to the misses and then you find out the guys divorced you know about that's kind of like Embarrassed their dead. Yeah, it's fighting up to their dead. Oh say how to mom. Oh she died in July oops, you know 79 year old Mrs. Sippy man was arrested yesterday in the 64 killings of three civil rights workers whose bodies were buried Everybody seen Mrs. Sippy burning. I hope yeah everybody should be forced to watch that part of our very history Whose bodies were buried in an earthen dam outside the town of Philadelphia. That's Philadelphia, Mississippi Tellings that's for a national support for these civil rights movement Edgar Ray Killing that's his name he's killing over there and I spoke in white supremacist nickname the preacher all how perfect was Arrested in his home without incident in rural Nishoba County by 545 Thursday afternoon Sheriff Larry Myers said he was real quiet and I'm much to say my soul CNN by phone He said the rest was made after a grand jury in Philadelphia and died to kill an on three counts of killing In June 21st 64 in the slings of civil rights workers Michael Schwerner James Cheney and Andrew Goodman Killin the scheduled for Raymond Friday Today in a show of account he court in no bail amount has been said as far as I know this is the only rest that's forthcoming the sheriff said I like that I like he won't be killing no more. I grew up to that That will be a must see Mississippi burning. I've seen the about how many times not Third in many times Tom bridge says remember Tom bridge. Oh, yeah, I think just an honor of Tom bridge. You're on a way out, which he is of course As soon as we can find somebody else He's acceptable Boy We had a wonderful day, the noodles got too much. It did not even work with the kids, but they didn't have a handle, but that didn't. But they did. But they did not have a handle, but that didn't. But they did not have a handle, but that didn't work. You asked him to tell his monitors that they were picking up less terror threat on the year ago. Homeland Security Secretary Tom Bridget said yesterday, but he wore the terrorist could be merely lying low before he was threatening again. What does that really mean? You see, he's called covering your ass. He's not very much, but maybe they're just lying low. There certainly is a diminution. Reduction in the amount of intelligence and vegetable level is lower, which said, comparing information picked up over the past several months to a similar period of year ago. He offered no single explanation for the drop thing in the State Department. The State Department said that the president's government is going to be a big part of the US efforts to boost security, increased military action, and disrupts terrorist leaders in their finances or simply the hardening of America, the hardening of the artisans of America. Could be any of those, and none of those, he said, I suspect it's probably all of them. He said, in other words, he hasn't got a freaking clue. He called a terrorist strategic actors in law comes at the ass end of a political season that drew a warning from Rich's last summer that terrorists might try to disrupt the election process. It happened? No, the dibbled people were too busy taking care of that. Rich's plan slowly does office February 1, though the White House is not yet picked as successor. Even though I think we had a good guy there, Bernie was there, he'd have been the man. He was watching from his penthouse hideout there. He could have been like, looking out for all the evil doers, out the window while he was getting laid. Four or five, six times a day, right? Right. Good at his peak right out the window at it. Anyways, 151 at 5.60, I tell you the tension has got to be building all around town. I wouldn't surprise me if Jim Sarnier is tuning right now. He wouldn't have tuned in any earlier. He would have been very jackass because this isn't a sports show. And he would dignify us with his presence. Right. Although we wouldn't mind taking presence, especially a cash gift for a nice Jim. But in any way, he's getting ready right now. Cranking it up for the mad dog at two and a half hours before so we can find out what the hell. And even the big ol' at seven o'clock tonight. Because all of these things haven't actually are getting to find lies today. You talk about taking it right down to the wire. That's what they like to do in this place. People would never believe the story about that December 30th. It'll live it in infamy. About 30 minutes. December 30th, those seven years in a month ago. All right, and a week ago, whatever one. Right? Right. Brought it right out of the end about that studio that we started on QAM I've done there on the second floor. Make shift in half ice and equipment still coming in from the measly silly station. Just all kinds of stuff being pasted and glued together. And the meantime, we had like weeks of sitting in the room. And we had a lot of things. All those things were working all kinds of stuff and working our on stuff to get ready for the show. And until we actually went on the other way or nobody really knew what we're going to get on or not. That's the beesley eff in way man. That's the way we do things. Not slow, not fast, just half fast. Nine minutes till two. So strap yourself in. And I'm sure the man, I see two to six would have been so great man. It would have been so perfect. Why didn't he discuss it with me? Why did he take it in my number? We could add about a two minute conversation. I wanted to say do it. Get what it. Tim down with that kid's South Beatrice robusters or any low carb sugar free diet. I want to introduce you to a greatster. I haven't talked about him for years, but I haven't checked it out yet. I don't know why. He likes a West Boca. Even TV's biggest weight losers are following a low carb diet and their weight loss is incredible. For years, the license of thousands of low carb diet is achieved their weight loss goals. The license of a low carb one-stop shop for the right supplements and the best selection and best tasting low carb foods, which is the most important thing for a variety. Things with some taste that will keep you on a straight narrow path. If you don't have an example of any of their over-12-hundred low carb products like the new chocolate chip cheesecake on a stick and their famous carbolite soft-serve ice cream, you find a knowledgeable staff who knows the low carb dieting inside and out and they're open every day of your life till 10 in the PM. And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy to the safest amongst your money. I'm all atkins carbolite and purged your life products too. Your life's a West Boca absolutely will not be undersold. You'll find the lights on the North East corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. We can call them tool free at 1-877-LOW-Carb. There's LOW-W-W-C-A-R-B-R-I-N-W-B-S-LOW-Carb.com. Don't forget to watch the West Boca at your official Atkins Retail Center. Sure, the season means you will need your Rogers and exclusively on 5-6-2-8-2-8-5. I have juice got right now. I don't know the time of the Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. Don't you know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. We know the time of your Q&A. So if you hold your Yosemite. Scientists found that curcumin is my pronouncing that right. See you R.C. by my end. Sure. I heard of Q&A. Curcumin, a component of the yellow-core-spice-tomercut, was able to reduce deposits of beta-amiloid proteins in the brains of elderly lab mice that ate curcumin as part of their diets. I didn't like that. In addition, one of the researchers added low doses of curcumin to human beta-amiloid proteins and ate test tube. The compound kept the proteins from aggregating and blocked information of the amiloid fibers that make up Alzheimer's. PRAX. A Q&A should evade amiloid proteins in the brains of the homerics of Alzheimer's disease. It says the new findings suggest that curcumin can be capable of both treating Alzheimer's and lowering your person's risk development. So I'd go out and like to the Indian buffet. We got them all over place here. They're all over. They only promise that I don't like curry. Yeah, no. I don't like the way it smells. I don't like the way people smell who eat a lot of it because it is. They did they could put it in a capsule. See, I guess it wouldn't be so bad to eat a lot of it, but just don't take a baton it probably. And then people don't object to it so much. No, no seriously. You know what that's like. I feel like people will wear too much colon. And it's like so. They took a bath and brute or something like that. Not a good idea. I'll buy to my husband, St. Iv's Africa of coming. There's your assignment for this weekend. I'll take that. I'll take that. Africa of body wash. Just smear it man. Anyway, exciting news, come on. We have no idea what it is. The mad dog is next. Bye bye.