I said the weekend Saturday nights alright He doesn't mind it. I read that yeah, I know a good nice job very yeah We're gonna give very some jukus job over the sun summit You can write about radio. Oh seriously. It was a good comedy. It's about time somebody wrote something about radio on this town Tom you idiot you quizzing you bald head of geek So anyways big and involved had a geek so here that David Samson was crashing you on some statement. Yeah, that's the rumor going around How come you're not allowed to talk about the Marlin organization you know the Marlins who are not gonna make the a wild card How can we not talk about them but they can go on the other station and transfer your ass your ample ass You know I They're not the first people to go on another station and trashed my ample ass and so far it hasn't hurt me Yeah, I really don't pay attention to these you know what he's probably a little cranky because the little fella has See says playoff chances going on a drain any stadium chances which he was That's his only job with the organization get a stadium and it's not going well So he's got to go on somebody I guess he's getting to be almost as sour as your old fine brew You know How about that That statement We want to do is Or do anything to hurt them? We don't have to do anything to hurt them greatest line in the history of the human race Yeah, said you'll find bird who's the head-hunt show of the virtually non-existent 790 of the ticket whatever He says WQA is willing to do anything to hurt us You know we don't have anything I thought to myself What a cry baby what an object is here's a guy that tried to hire you He tried to hire mad dog. He tried to our virtually everyone on his radio station except me of course I'm not a sports nerd and that make too much money But he tried to our everybody on a station except well Don't go away and We're trying you're going to try to handle her damn it's called competition you jackass and I love the part about the fact that I'm a log to rip Greg Read and ask and deserve it. He's so by the way, but he isn't going to put up with it on his station They can rip each other but they're not going to rip him in other words You need to do it with a thin skin fool Joel fine brew Yeah, it calls up and it probably was pretty pretty pure that I played that Voice melody left for Greg about vocamper. We tried to you know sweeten over old pamper mean that collusion sound bite That's exactly right collusion is right don't don't pay off vocamper because I'm not going to try to harm So don't you can lowball him I still say came out of over there and he had to just step on him like an like a like a net Yeah, he could do it too anybody ever saw vocamper man He's bigger he's like a giant in the human race a friendly bit But he's a friendly guy Oh, yeah friendly time right not green too much. You know what you know and you know this too I've had guys of other stations they shot me forever I haven't have a we all yeah, I mean when I was at I would be John Moynihan used to take shots at me, you know It's just when he was over here, so he's dead now isn't he? Yeah, that's what happens that'll teach him But But you know seriously it's just you know You just I was telling the kids this morning we're talking about I said hey You just don't pay any passion to what's it difference it doesn't matter to me what they say I'm gonna command you what I do in fact that you're a mussel then you're not allowed to talk about that Organization because they're thin skin I was telling the duck mice to I was told her this morning that the reason it's very very tough to be a fan of any sports team any team in South Florida Is that the owners and the management people are of all of them traditionally through the years So all been such a bunch of thin skin hard ass Nasty people they just have no Public relations, you know, it's tragic. Yeah, I just can't refer to the ownership But I can criticize the team if I was yeah, but you know some this is what I was talking you about Yes today this is what's bothersome about for example the same those Cardinals who are going on a station And they're buying 50% of that radio station so everybody's gonna be mussel right I remember Chris Moron said that I was never gonna be on this station because you know I always rip away and I'll never be on QAamina here We are almost eight years later. It's Chris Moron and where the hell is he by the way? Chris Moron Yeah, I don't think he's with the SPN anymore. I don't know how to happen to him Maybe he's at some small station like Poccipsy or similar like there maybe in Trenton I know good W.V. D. and Trenton maybe he's working there doing like little league hockey games. I have no idea Yeah, but he he was so sure that I'd never be on here because I ripped it away now Of course if Joyce and Caroline would have had their way we wouldn't be able to say anything about the teams about the franchise owners about Management about anybody remember that routine. We had to go show contrasting try to get well everybody's been assigned this well Guess what joy You honey nobody signed it you idiot. I mean that that's what the audience wants to hear they want to hear people You know, it's they was under mine. You know what you know what the class he's sucking you know what the classic line was that the little fella said about me was that I guess he was asked why he has a problem with me Said well, I don't listen to them. That's the classic right? I don't listen to them Uh-huh good morning David he knows you're awful, but he doesn't listen to yeah He doesn't listen well. You have problems with guys named David you got the Mohard They don't don't don't don't you know it's Samson. So I guess you just got a David kind of a guy You know what? Gagers have to height up both of them Although David Johnson he's a friend of ours. There's one oh day that David's great. Yeah Yep, and Logan David you probably have a little bit of that but other than that you just not a yeah Here's a galith and they're they can be the David or Kim Bocampers a galith just step on him Kim govada and step on his ass What I want to slimey thing to do you know, well, you don't have to overpay them lucky to Hank in managed because I'm not gonna go after Bocampers You go ahead and load ball them, you know That's like it has some legal ram ram for patients to me. You know what it sounds like when they say things like you know We're out the you know do whatever we can you know what it sounds like total paranoia about us Well of course, and that's what it may they thought because in the fact that you know they got a lot of money behind them They were gonna just put it on the air. They're gonna put a bunch of losers like Stu gods and the Danle of Bastard on here And they're gonna kill us and they got that dolphins, you know Well anybody can get the dolphins for four and a half million a year who'd help want to lose that kind of money And especially it's seen that for the seconds consecutive home game had to go to the line down to the wire to So I you know to get the a black the Black out lifted two times in a row against Carolina no less against a good team Well, maybe they would thought they were gonna have some exclusive broadcast You know, well, you know, it's up had a good idea said that the maybe next time they have one of those deals QAM We'll buy up the remaining tickets and what we'll do is so that makes a lot of sense stuff We wouldn't pay for the rights, but we'll pay not to have a lot. Now listen to this a good idea It's a never from a channel for be sure to watch the game on channel for this week And just to make sure that's televised and then nobody listens to Jimmy Siffles, you know You don't have to do that Neil There's no TV or you can go to any bar and watch the games. Oh, yeah, I can see them all I got the package. Well, I've got the best name sports package. I could all the NCAA football and basketball I got NASCAR and I thought I would watch it. I got the NFL packing hockey packets You know, we bet every baseball game that's being played every day. I mean, how can you beat that? Did you see the commercial for hockey this running right now about Terrific it's you think you're running watching a preview for one of those remember those horror movies Nellem Street, you know, try to the 13th right well They they're running a commercial now where this young attractive girl is in the kitchen and she's doing stuff And you see the shadow appear outside the kitchen and then they zoom in on the shadow and it's a guy in a hockey mask And you know the same one from Friday the 13th and it says hockey's back I'll be damned. I think that's great. That is cute. Well, you want to get hockey intensive here. I took that polio today Okay, but he drove on least one again lives that people not for y'all five four exhibition four three whatever it was But nobody cares don't talk hockey don't kill me don't say that me with that hockey talk You take it's up there. I've got your probably up tickets. Oh, I first I don't have tickets Why not my gonna go slip over there? It's a very uncomfortable arena what I can sit right here I'll watch them in the comfort of my living room on TV. I have a lot of machines at the arena No, I might go over for that. I might check that out All right, I have to bring that up with you. How's those slots coming to Florida by the way? I'm sorry. I was at wood by Wednesday afternoon. I had a nice staff noon. What a few bucks had a very nice afternoon pleasant Yeah, there's a narrow strength now a governor turn over the look whatever the voters want bush is come out He wants to now repeal with the voters voted for it a limit class size right now He had those devias plans don't remember that benefits the private He says that he has those devias plans to subrithable the electorate and then the electorate was so upset about They went out and we elected him again. The people implored to deserve whatever they get they're just idiotic pathetic Maybe they might be better to get in battered again when you're in and wind and the it's horrible Then do you see the thing with his bus that blew up with the old people with the oxygen Uh, that whole bunch of people would you know small tanks the oxygen on there and I bet only that's what ignited and blew the bus up 20 people dead In Houston it's horrible. It's horrible. It's you know if you live here it makes you wonder you start You know, I don't know about other people, but I'm sorry to think about how much longer I want to stay here. Yeah, and wait for the one about that a long time ago I know but you had other reasons, but you know I'm serious. Yeah, we're just sitting here are we waiting for the big one to hit us? I don't know what do we mean us white man I'm talking about those of us who still reside here sir You see it's so easy to sit the innermost in order to the board You know you double punny assures from Vegas and all over the place you didn't sit anywhere on your fat S. You want to a show and what was doing the fan in New York? Don't don't don't don't I anywhere my friends in Las Vegas are trying to talk me in the moving there Yeah, good to be a ticket Yeah, well, that's about three weeks. I think yeah something like that Start writing I'll use yeah, we're just gonna be raised with me good. Well, I already did that Yeah, well, that's because your buddy Joel fine-burned a high-ballad. Yeah, yeah, you and mad dog I still say he mad dogs got to be on two to five because they're paying him Well, you had the same feel going with those Marlin pre-game shows he's doing four to six 30 a lot of nights Oh, it's the greatest It's the greatest for you guys, but it's not greatest for our Little fella. Long little fellas wrong. I love the Marlins. Yeah, you did and we love him too one I had those games that's fair to about 12.045 or one a clock We love Marlin's I throw one check and the Marlins would play all our home games in the afternoon starting about one like the Cubs You know, you used to do we love the Marlins even more David Samson We might even the campaign for that new stadium, but I doubt it they're not gonna get it if he knocks me again I'm not renewing my season tickets I am In a crawl springs that want to build a new stadium for a stadium and a evacuation shelter. I mean, yeah, yeah Every neighborhood will have to have its own big stadiums so we can have a safety evacuation Seltar that make it bring racing back to I'll hear there you go see a little horse racing put it a Vacuation show horse racing this morning boy. I'm cooked my gooses Anyway, nice go on very jackass man coasts destroyed just when you count them out You got them down on the mat for the count all of a sudden he bounces back mommy must have put an extra salami in Swiss Say we didn't the bag yesterday Because he finally wrote a good call. I don't know what you're laughing about it's true mommy round bags Bearing everything and drives him to work. Did you know that? Yes He has a drive very to work. Hey Barry you're fairy Anyway, have a wonderful weekend you too. Be careful weekends are good time to lose your hands I'm gonna be working this week a lot to action going on man. Okay. I'll be gaming tomorrow In a million races no matter where you look you're gonna be some big say yes a little brown jug by the way I don't want to talk about horse racing but a little brown jug They pull on nice go on Dave baby. He's a good great guy not the unparadier I know you mean you know from the meadows By the way Roger Houston who is the first race color of poppin oh park when it opened many years ago Has to be one of the most loudmouth poppest jackasses who is oh you know who that is dude. Yeah, good good You look a lot happier life have a great weekend How do my good buddy? He's not coming back maybe he's permanently gonna do a show us from the fan. Okay. Yeah, then you guys won't have to see him no mole Wouldn't that be great? Hey, I don't want to be accused of you know you know the bottom line with the guys I just don't like him. Okay, period It has nothing to do with what Barry says the Rogers David thing is personal and he's right Yeah, like we hate each other like poison and of course, so that's just the way it is Everybody hates him so there must be something to it. Yeah, that's it And give David sense it a big kiss on lips to next time and see let's go minds Maybe he's upset because last year when I was such a his tickets for the heater right near mine and when he walked up the aisle You know there goes a neighborhood Yeah, that might have been a bite Oh Yeah, I'm dying of it. Thank you again Mr. President for those bargain based on gas prices what it deal It's 10 13 now let me just before the break. I think I'm a little email you the very jackass story Josh you can put it under today. Oh, okay. We've ever pulled one of his comes on our website before but this one is it's so outstanding and has so much You good dirt in it, you know and our audience loves dirt. They love to wallow in it like a horse They want to like roll around in the dirt and just get muddy and I can't they can't get enough 10 13 at 5 60 W. I'm happy Friday to you here No, George Bush doesn't care about black people even They may share their son G one of my some meat the whole sandwich with the bottom of the pot the whole thing look at that baby ooh that it fits down on your kitchen the whole thing that's going to make it a while when it's packed with hot milk look that toilet paper don't get wet the whole thing is the good quality brand what are you trying to say very expensive we do love the more I think that doesn't they're falling and then there's a bit of station and the interpretation nobody went to wait and out my any plot well we're not picking on them again are we doing anything to hurt those poor guys? okay so I just emailed you that very jackass calm the excellent because I'm sure that most of our people have better taste than to read that my me fish rapper so very nice going very baby you get a triple decorative day how do you like that? three salami and Swiss sandwiches on rye no less mommy will make sure the seed get picked out first from the bread that is bad news though from Dallas 24 believe killed in evacue bus fire explosion authorities now say 24 people were killed today when explosions torture a charter bus filled with hurricane and the police are going to be a lot of people who are going to be in Dallas on gridlocked interstate i i 45 bus loaded with 42 passengers was in Gulfwood flames causing a 17 mile back up on a freeway that was already heavily congested with evacuees in the Gulf coast it's a night Mary and you know the guy called yesterday about having them make all the highways one way outbound right can you believe that they didn't do that right away they should do that right away they should have been a good one to the bus and I think it's a tremendous task because you talk about miles of miles of freeway but nevertheless deputies running to get everyone off the bus postman done parrots said by early this morning the bus was reduced by black and burned out shell surrounded by numerous police cars and ambulances which we've seen how many times just in last five minutes i'm sorry man police said it appears a mechanical problem aboard the bus caused a fire that reached oxygen tanks belonging to the elderly passengers. They said to bus local nursing home in the Houston suburb of Belair yet yesterday headed for facilities in the Dallas for worth area see these people i guess thought they were going to be safe the name well surprise interstate forty five stretches more than 250 miles from Calvast and through the Dallas so you see the head that this enormous amount of road to cover in terms of you know putting the cones down and etc but nevertheless they started way too late as usual for a forecast to say read it remains an extremely early morning and the forecast to be ready to go to the right more than expected to be a major Houston in Dallas to be directed but they're going to get and what it's going to do is to know what makes landfall stall and they say it's going to rain and rain and rain for days is what they were saying before so tornadoes and big stormsters and refuelves are forecast in the world is getting heavy duty rains right now and when wind and so we're going to do a lot of things. All right Mary's now live in New Orleans. New Orleans they got flooding going on again there because what do I tell you yesterday and these people in fact even said this morning they're and certainly not news network well we've been talking about about Houston and about Texas and Galveston Island but you know we better take a look at look at that waters washing over the living in New Orleans fifth ward. I'm going to see that. I'm going to add it to you. And 26 20 mile an hour winds didn't we talk about that yesterday and of course are we meteorology? Do we know much of anything? No. I quite be as the net to see a genius that we're going to have some serious tourists there again all over again not tourists but tourists. Here's our poll results yesterday before we get to very jackass and I will read that I might spend a whole four hours on this today except the 11 30 the trends come up and don't agree with me we had a conversation with her before the show this morning and this stuff agrees that it's not important that we do all I will but that the other guy oh fail. Oh and of course the other guys and nothing to do with us so I guess we're safe right? Because we go to a sports show you know the other 20 hours we're doing the on sports crab. Thank you Lord. But it's important that the other sports station continues feeling badly because you'll find where gets upset like that. And of course the fact that again a couple of Wired Diaries back one month in April in 18 to 34 whatever it was. Oh that's going to be our demographic and the other place that all is old Jews on here like that setup call we had the one day about how they had to pass through this so much hippo and younger than the mad dog. I mean what a joke that is you know he's about his hip as the Hula hoop give me a break anyway one of the of all the things Neil talks about which is the least interesting view we asked is they were ring back somebody's rate old poles and it's going over big 1798 votes and well I chopped it off at eight o'clock this morning to put the new one on so we're going over 18 hundred votes and let me just say this to you if I can find it you know how many votes we had on this poll when we took it about a year ago. I did a 1200. 697. Wow and now we got 1,800 so we do we have a lot more people listening where it's a good thing that I had the boys put the poll at the top of the website there were belongs or maybe we just maybe we're just going through the roof just to piss off your old fiber because one thing I liked you all that we will do anything to hurt you anything in fact I really be very careful next time I started my car 17 at the 98 votes of all the things Neil talks about the least interesting you hockey for the 96 the track 321 nice going day pologne Brian Seuss came in third with rock and roll hammer nice going Brian the best in the world anyway gays stuff on 70 no more than no more than factory man we're going to be the most macho we're going to show those pansies over any other place how much or even be what real men do like talk about body wash mole 150 no no no no okay said what's the use die of talk on 26 the stock market 100 which I can't think of the last time I've talked about the market other than just more new than say full paradise for idiots inside radio stuff 80 see as you go down the list here that means more and more they want to hear about this crap inside radio stuff that's right here today a lot of it lot of juicy gossip and a very jack huh I said good yeah they like that stuff man that's what they want because everybody's like a yenta you know we're all the inches we want to talk so instead talking behind people's back on this we talk right to your face how do you like that you'll you idiot you quiz like you you're fairie those bedtime story 74 politics 59 religion 52 let's rip it an ass all you would get keys out there man all you crazy people they're going to go to school and church this weekend waste your time and money and energy and brain wash your kids and make a walk around with a silly ass beanies under had all the other kids made fun of music 48 not that went up a little bit but that's that's not all I've had you know right we got a music pulled it a there you go that's what we're going to be doing it all the way to the community although and to the end 40 health problems 29 I'll be just put it this one I'm dying of the movies 27 and food 18 I see movies remember to go to call that was so adamant kind about that about movies well okay yeah I'm surprised you got 27 please if you don't like movies just you know time for the long dirt net I just don't understand I say and food 18 just I probably need to talk about you know watch the bats fly roads go back to the cave yeah go back to the cave man 27 past 10 at 5.62 and we got mole I'm sure from the fan in New Yorker in the day to the Mad Dog at 4.03 hour assignment day Marla's I'm dead don't tell them to drop last night but it's a little bit late I think I'm afraid David Samson a little bit late Marla's at Atlanta to take on the braves at 735 followed by the world famous at the end of the day and the game in the show this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight five took me a little while I'll slow learner but Neil I apologize it's way to you are the truth absolutely go see go see talking on a foreshow trying to be my show your voice sounds just like a standing here open I live a sports show what else are you there for go see you don't belong there on the air and there there's four stand way to your voice tracks all anyone who sounds like that should find another job and they should only take you back when both your BBs drop go see when you're on a grow up you'll feel me squeaky blue go to broadcasting school your free to bed is boys thank you south that's a movie w you've gotten in, but the American best rock band of all time. I'll say the Beatles. The Stoom's, dude. There you go. How about the searchers? Anyway, oh this is, I got a great article here, which I might even actually read one today. We got the trends coming to 1130, which lately we don't pay much attention to the trends, but I'll make an exception today. Let's milk it. This is global warming says environmental chief. This is from the independent UK as Hurricane Rita Threaton's devastation scientist blames the climate. And I notice on the TV newscast and George noticed it too. More and more now they're just letting slip in. Not like heavy duty, but they're letting slip in occasionally. What's this to? Global warming and they warmer than normal temperatures in the Gulf. And that's why these hurricanes every, when they hit those warmer waters are becoming monster hurricanes as opposed to the usual more pedestrian hurricanes that were like a pain in the ass, but didn't like kill a whole bunch of people. But of course, immediately they got to have the other size. Oh, you know, I'll bring on the bunny and this scientist on it. This is just an old power weather pattern and the audio audio audio and the most never stole a freight train. Anyway, who is the best American rock band of all time? Or what is? Or what was? Trailer in the 70 votes already not too great. Ego's 56 as in Q 56. Did you say you voted for the Eagles? No, I said I almost did, but I voted for the doors. I voted for the doors. I heard the air was not the second would dancing without my help because I was torn. 49. I love her was with as you know. 49 the doors 48. So we got to go three way race going. Fan Halo on 37. Ehh. These boys 27. How can fan Halo behead to the beach boys? What is with you? Silly turds. And they're talking about my taste in music. Aida mine. Oh brother. The almond brothers 22. Lord I was born a drunk and priest. Well, I just love that song, you know. And every time I heard a randler man, I think of that scene from the exorcist. Even Josh saw that. Everybody saw the exorcist. Remember when he was sitting in the bar says, Father, I think I'm losing my faith. Oh, it was just so beautiful. I can't imagine why the cathartiers hated that movie. But they wouldn't. Chicago 21. Leonard Skinner 18. Nirvana 15. Compete in the heartbreakers 12. How heartbreaking. Oh, I got when it's not on there yet. Who? Well, I'm even the list. Kissed nine. Graffel daddy. The Ramon Z. Are they still dead? Hey Joe. The band seven. Jeffers in airplane seven is Grace slick. Red Hot Chili Pepper 7. Talking head six the birds six the birds. How about the turds? Banzo we five in the cars too. What about the CCR? Oh, very good. Which I hate. Hate them. But I see I try to be fair even I can't stand. Credence fair water. Oh, God. CCR. Roland. They're rolling it. Yeah. We're just smoking it. That's right. All right. So there's another one for you. We'll get a lot of votes on there. We'll leave it up over the weekend. You have a good time. But then if you want to add some on there once we get taken calls many many hours later. Oh, look at that. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, very jackass line. What can we do for us? Sublime okay to the ridiculous. I already put metallic on there. Okay. I already put metallic on there. Oh, Metallica. Oh, okay. Well, what about 38 special? Okay, huh? I know you don't like them. I just like to one song. What's that with high song? Hold on loosely. Hold on loosely. I like to you know what that song. I like that a lot of first time. I know it. Yeah, you're just such a hard ass man. All right special. We had one pretty good song. That was right. And What and you mean before they destroyed it. I like that. What about the turtles British I think are the turtles have a mom is in time. I don't know British. Oh, not about the mom is in poppies and 11 spoonful. Huh? I'm going to research the turtles now. No, I don't know. Yeah, you've been to look up the turtles where they've brits. I'm not really sure but we sure don't want to put no brits on a note. Oh, I'm clean. I'm clean. 32 AM Hello QAM Yes, sir. Let's roughly let's Zeppelin. They're not the American. No, they're British. So wrong with you, man. Let's definitely my ass. Probably. WCQAM Hello, you're no a sagratus. I'm my ass. Play him. Yeah, sir. Cliff, unfortunately. Yes, Cliff. You sound depressed. What's wrong? Yeah, don't watch it. I'm not going to listen. Don't watch it. Yeah, every now and then you'll say something that um whether two years, months or weeks later comes back and it's like I remember Neil or I was thinking the same thing with that bitch read a cause me. Oh, God. That's going to be three years ago when that nut job Coles out there said they cloned a child. Remember that? Yeah, she she was interviewing the head of the Coles. She was taking a personal thought she was going to throw a Bible at the guy. She started throwing it to mouth. She started uh Crops on the line on there. That's when I realized she was a crazy person. Yeah, sounds like she's got some stuff that are mouth to when she talks stuff and her throat. She's just got a little bit of a trolling Oh, God. I want you to be with us blowing. Are there really heavy in how some people are like my voice? I just want to spend five grand out of plasma TV and turn her on. I break the TV. Yeah, I have a tool rock to it. You're right. Okay. Well, I actually in taste Valley and have a great life. Where's Lee Harvey Oslo when you need him? He's probably trying to get to Dallas but he's having trouble with the traffic. Hey, he was a patsy. He was a patsy. That's what he said. Yeah, and there was patsy flying. Patsy flying. She's walking after midnight. I like it. And what's the other big hit patsy flying? Oh, crazy crazy crazy. Like that crazy. She was on deck of records, I believe you've patsy flying. Why do I see? I got to do something. I got a lot of things out of my mind. What? She's got five hits on my computer here. No, no, she had a lot of big hits. Walking after midnight, crazy. Give me a clue. I go to pieces. I follow the pieces. Of course, my fault. I go to pieces. I fall there's and then I go to pieces. What's that? She's got you. Oh, really? That's what she thinks. What a talk up, huh? And what's this one? This one I definitely don't know. He means, uh, you're talking up in the way. What are you talking? Yeah. Oh, that's not for some. I was Elvis though. They're looming away. I'm talking. Never the light. She covered it with a blanket. She's hard. You're cheating our patchy climb. Good old. There she is. She's not a group. Although I'm not going to tax it, but we put steely down the pole because somebody. Okay, steely then there's still a lot of gas in there. They're not being Texas because if you're out of gas and Texas, you're so well, baby. You're in deep, do-do. Twenty-till, like this, we have to do the break in men. The world flaming very jackass con. This is Neil Rogers. This. Don't cry. You'll always remember just coming out, baby. You're not going to have any. Friday, you best. What's Gary, you are doing tonight? And climb, mind, watch and know. That's why inspiring, mind's read the Miami hero. Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space? It's in the house. Is Paul a hawk and the true mother of the elephant man? It's in the house. John Ted and sleeping was Max Hibber. It's in the house. It's Jim Becker about to get birth to Jerry's fall well. Baby. It's in the house. Sex, sex, sex, more. Hot, sex. Oh, it's in the house. Watch, Gary, heart's amazing. Right? Right from Florida. A crossword puzzle that has no answer. Our role in fuel surprises just for us. Hot, tough, no letters to Neil Rogers. And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert, but we have where the bloody thing is. Finally, family rhetoric. It's Alan and ladies and gentlemen. The Miami hero. Available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere. And we're finally in the news script. 1045 and 560WQMe know who we left off and I can't believe it all. Somebody might say, oh, they're not a rock band. Well, of course they are. Okay. Yeah. And their other. Chicago was on there. Isn't it? It was on the original one. Right. I thought we lost them off. That would be really bad. Maybe I just didn't read it. Maybe it was my band. But look who's leading so far. I can't explain why I took you out that 19th song. Why? 19th songs from the Eagles just in the computer. Wow. Oh, that's great. I still voted for the doors. I'll get some doors up here. Just a little bit. And we hear it's very jackass writes in the hero this morning. Finally, after all these years, very right say provocative calm. He says, South Florida Sports Talk plays more like a soap opera. And of course, we all know that he is. It's a AM in 790's. Joe Rose is tweaking down the bastard in the station general manager John Stugot's Weener. It's 2PM and Howard David raises the idea of punching WQM talk show's Neil Rogers who was bash David for years. That's that's not our audience. It's 5PM in La Bastille and Weener. Are we turning fire on Rose? Every day is a soap opera on South Florida Sports Talk video. And listeners elected determine which insults are sick in which are serious. 790 actually we see emails from people wondering whether certain hosts genuinely dislike each other. I'll leave never had those very. But of course you have your head up there. And so naturally you know more about their emails and other about our since you have the ancestral relationship. But anyway, very goes on. In our business, everybody's material WQM's Orlando Alzacuary said, rock solid. You have to be thick skin. Most of it is thick, but some of it is personal. But in what other business do employees open the express to stain for their bosses and publicly rip colleagues? This market is unique said David who's been the brother several on air host barbs during his three and a half years of QAM. I have a hard time believing that this exists all over this country. Though David does it happens in New York too. It just appoints me. I thought it was supposed to be entertainers and communicators and not little old ladies talking over the back of the fan's David continued. Just before he said. I really believe the majority of the audience would read the discussed topics that inside stuff. Some people consider it a ten. I consider it a waste of time. He said. WQM host humanity is rarely criticized by other hosts in the market. He's a matter differently than how or David. It's funny and makes for good listening. Especially beating up on your boss man. It said, Lister is love it. Man it's existant might not have an equivalent to this. WQM finally reimbursed and for travel expenses. Every complaint about the issue on the year. WQM general man Greg Reed who reportedly will leave the station by the end of the year allows Rogers to insult him repeatedly. But seven nineties Joel findberg won't permit his host to do the same. Ah, ah, what a baby. Ben skinned. Just wait for these numbers come out Joel. If they're what I think they're going to be man. His skin is going to break. He better get some gauze and the cotton batten. I have a policy the way goes to the WQM is not allowed at my station. It's not a separable said findberg. The majority investor in the group that's leasing seven nineties signal. They're leasing it. They don't own it. They're leasing it. Post the host and they want to take shot this. He's at it. That's their business. Just not at him because he's the headhunter. He's the big cheese. He's the big mother. He's at whatever he is. Rogers was delivered several treats that management says. I take a little jab to one step bothers me. I just go with it without thinking. Oh, how about another suspension for Joel? The Rogers David situation is clearly personal. That's the literary says. What about the insulting changes between LeBastard and the Rose? 97% of it they stick and the other three percent is me and Joe Bing Babies who need pacifiers LeBastard said. Well, there seem to be a lot of babies over their had station including the general nine-year Joel findberg or they whatever his name is. The general man grew a stew got to me. In that with the article says, I'm sure Joel findberg is that, oh, I'm sorry, the majority investor. The big like I said, the head cheese. Local host take different approaches when mocked by a colleague. He's WKQM Steve Goldstein has responded anglery to Rogers comedy bits about him. No, quite the contrary very not only has any responded anglery, but he actually sang the guilty song which is why I played it in bars back years ago when we first started playing that. Remember that? Yep. He liked it. See, this is the thing. We put I put so many of these people on the map. I make them famous or otherwise they'd be generally ignored. I make them in likely celebrities. Vulcan Brian is made them in like major big life character. He's not a fan of my voice and that's well within his right school. Steve said he was doing a radio show. His job is to entertain people. He doesn't well. How do you like that? That's the old man sucking up a little bit. I told you you're going to do a hell of a job on those pants against David City took his colleague shots personally at first, but then I realized it's just a way to provoke someone. After a while I get brain damage and find myself shooting back just to be defensive and then the good side of my brain says you're jumping into the same cesspool. Woo! Hey, Mald. Can repeat a chest by colleagues. He hurts the target of those attacks. David says they can because perception becomes reality. Oh, Goldstein disagrees. See, Geli, he's on top of it. I've never gotten a job or radio shift. I have never not gotten a job or radio shift because of what Neil Rogers said. He understands it. Dominique, now here is here comes this is the part we almost ought to have a fanfare for this. This is the greatest line, the greatest baby line in the history of human race, even little babies of the battle. Absolutely, this line coming up. Dominique, you have wants to lure Rose back. Isn't that interesting? Greg, you want to lure her back after you stand in the light room and jerk them around a couple of times and then they'll put it to an idea and now he'd like to have him back. Too late. Dominique, you have wants to lure back Rose, but Rose when Joyce's dolphins, Ameless drops said, I'm happy where I am. Said fine, Bury. Now here it is. Here comes the piece to resistance. Said fine, Berg Joe is going nowhere. He has an uncomplete clause. He hates WDQAM. Dominique, you know, see, he's got that part wrong. He hates Greg Reed. He has an EQAM. He hates WQAM. Dominique, you know, is one to do anything they're hurt us. How do you like that? Dominique, you know, is one to do anything they hurt us. He's just gonna find Bury. That's just gotta be the most hysterical. Yeah, poor baby. You gotta try to hire the helper that tried to hire mad dog. The mobile can't go after after you played little games with him and we're gonna her. Well, me and where the main guys, okay, where the bad guys, okay Joe, you could be the whistens over there with the bad guys. Meanwhile says Bury. David's future remains uncertain. His contract inspires in March. And then there's some breath of the one said being loser, which we know, but nice going very very jackass. Let's hear it, audience. Let's hear it, Warlord. We're very jackass who finally redeems himself with a sensational article. This is the kind of people, this is the kind of crap that people stink their teeth into. As opposed to, well, let's talk about abortion and let's talk about all this other boring garbage that some people out of my mentioned Tommy's name think that talk radio is still all about. Look at this. butter, that's a number of this has been out there. But he also 40 mile hour disgusting New Orleans in the 90s for the family living his mother. On a rate because of all of this, he certainly is in the area. He is going to be going to be hard for the end of the war. I'm sure. Oh, well. By members of the 82nd airborne there and you will be serving the situation from there over the next hours, Darren. Look at that. Looks like New Orleans is down off for the same stuff all over again. Bad. What is this thing? California girl expelled from Christian school because her parents are lesbian for this come from. Somebody sent us in. Uh, Dutthead at it to me. Uh, hey, Dutthead. You're fair. Ontario, California not to be confused with Ontario, Canada. Ontario, California, 14 year old student was expelled from a Christian school because her parents are lesbian. The school superintendent said in the letter. Les beans. Oh my God. Shea Clark was expelled from Ontario, Christian school yesterday. Your family does not meet the policies of admissions superintendent Leonard's job wrote to Tina Clark. The girls biological mother. Stop wrote that school policy requires at least one parent may not engage in practices immoral or inconsistent with a positive Christian lifestyle such as cohabiting without marriage or in a homosexual relationship the LA Times reports today. Stop can be reached for comment by the newspaper. Shea and her parents said they won't fight the ruling. School administrators learned the parents relationship this week after she was recommended for talking to the crowd during a football game. Tina Clark said Clark and her partner been together 22 years have two other daughters ages nine and 19. Uh, how about that? You can't see an Christian school because your parents are a couple of bullbikes. How do you like that? Stay back and you're piping to puff on it. Why would they want to send her to that kind of a school anyway? Oh, who knows because they're crazy? I guess. Why would anybody want to be involved with any of these religions anyway? They got to be crazy. I got to be nuts. 458 hosts in the first hour. We got to shot at the 500. I'm not getting into that thing about, you know, don't you agree Josh? We've already proven our point. We got a massive vivid gigantic audience out there. The poll results are so they're simulating. That's right. We only pull the counts is that they am arbitron crap, but we don't care about that because it's a summer book going to be finishing off anyway. We got two thirds of the summer book and that trend coming 11 30 this morning. And I'll tell you one thing. Some states nine, no, I don't want to mention no colleges or frequency better have more than a point. This time, we're going to be in real deep due to. They better start looking in the mirror over there with the crafter put on the other than Joe. The garbage they're putting on here expecting people to listen to and then London stands. It's got nothing to do with two M hurting them. It has to do with the fact that they suck. You see, that's a different stool. Just like Mo talking about, oh yeah, well, perception becomes reality. You're the one that created this image by coming in like a windbag speaking of bags and quit a sleasing bag by the way, it stinks. Yeah, people of the fan probably when they get up up a stream from that man. Woo, look out. Anyway, we got about almost 500 votes on the poll. The best American rock band of all time. Eagles all are going to have a tight race. I'm going to play a little aerosmith and I'm going to get them over the top. Eagle 68 aerosmith 67's neck and neck nose to nose and a speedy Tyler would say, look to look. Door 61. Don't give us no lift. Ben Helen 41, Beast Boy, Stoodie 1. All my brothers 26. Chicago 22, Lidon, Skitter 21. Nirvana 18, what a Joe Fed is. Tom Petty and Hartbreakers 15. The Grateful Dead 12. Let's get out some of them a tie-died ties. I'm tying over here. The band 11, Red Hot Chili Pepper 10. They were Mollon's 10, Rest in pieces and everybody all single digits, small potatoes so far. 10.56. It QM Normans is getting sucked and we saw that coming incident. It didn't wait. Being the great meteorologist that we are, if you just smell of coming those outer bands, it's just a bad stuff man. And I still say that once this thing goes in line, it's going to flatten Crawford Texas. You mark my word, the Lord is pissed off at George W. Bush. He's nauseated with his fascist crap that's going on. All these innocent dead people all around the world. He is going to nail his ass. Going to take Crawford Tech, take that whole town in Levelett. And when George goes back to the ranch, he just ain't going to be there. How did you sleep last night? In a recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation, fewer than half Americans who are poor getting good night sleep most nights. One of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable support of mattress like a brand new, great Simmons Beauty West Queen said from our friends in Tyler mattress. The Simmons Beauty rest features individually pocketed corals. So you won't feel your partner smashing around early the night. Now, price interest, 599 bucks. And this is for a little bit of time only. So pick up that phone now and call 1-800 mattress and tell me what the Neil Deal that great Simmons Beauty rest said for just 599 bucks. Plus, of course, every dollar mattress purchase will be donated to her King Katrina Relief. When you call 1-800 mattress, you always get same day delivery all across town by calling 1-800 mattressing and choose from the deepest selection. And you're still good. Amazing. We had to pick the date and time for delivery. It's too hard to pick your schedule. When you're going to be home and Tyler Mac for shows up on time, 99.7% of the time. What's not to like? I've been using them for years. All the folks at QM are using them and you ought to be doing the same call 1-800 mattress or log them to their website, MacRest.com. Give them a call right now. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-MATT-RES last week. It's been a long time since I've been working on this. I've been working on this last week. I've been working on this last week. I've been working on this last week. I've been working on this last week. I've been working on this last week. I've been working on this last week. Talk about your death-long presidents. Walk you ain't kidding. Goodbye George. You got to go me, oh my old. You got to go home because you're a bad old man on the bio. But you sure flew quick when it came to sit. Terry Shalom. Son of all the bullshit of putting your tuition now saved by you. That's a logic while people grow. You played around every election golfer. He was a bank casher. I already used a record book. He's a damn dope. And no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario. You were the world as he had him for him. That's no good. He all in best to gauge at a later date. That's real bullshit. So I'll think you're such a way. The ones that touch you get locked up so it don't continue. But no one will get blamed like with agent playing. No hands will roll apart. And as for this, the slap on the wrist and no charges filed. What a surprise. Because you're a liar. No one gets fired with each new mess. Oh, nobody. A new death toll. A slip in the poles. That's no problem. No fix it. Your spin machine will deal with new will leaves. Because that's their job. And for usual, Son of a bush is a foot in your touch. You're an asshole. We just don't understand. You got blood on your hands. But what no brain mode. I'm a problem. So you made it obvious that these can most of us. You have your shame. Oh, shame. What's that? And what's with that smirk? You stupid jerk. Like people have died. Oh. So the whole piece you should be impeached and we mean from down to a solvaphever and get them out. You're here. Jettis. You failed. I got stoodon. I kept the ray on the doubt and let the wrong ones in Haven't seen you the mercy of the same in all my sins I'm going to put it on there when the first facts came in we've got five cents I'm going to be safe Anyway suicide bomber detonated explosives inside of bus and not a good day for bus people I guess today killing two people in 2017 later today in the Iraqi capital Gunman shot dead two in Germanist officials and a brother of one of them in their cars This continued 24 hours of violence in which two US soldiers and two insurgents died So we're just continues and of course so you're not seen too much about this on the news because naturally it has nothing to do with hurricane We have other buses to a bigger fish to fry another buses to set on fire things like that six stuff on his governor paria Texas Or other patients he got his 10 gallon head on. Oh, he's that means he's real down the serious business. I guess this is global warming system environmental chief has hurricane read a threatened devastation scientist blames climate This is from the independent UK blames climate change Super powerful hurricanes now hitting the US are these smoking gun of global warming what are Britain's leading scientists believes the growing violence of storm searches Katrina which wrecked New Orleans and read an authority in Texas It's very probably caused by climate change since he's John Lotton chairman. I'm sure no relation to Charles Lotton chairman of the world commission on environmental pollution Hurricanes were getting more intense justice computer models predictably would because of the rising temperature of the sea He said the increased intensity of these kinds of extreme storms is very likely to be due to global warming In a series of unskoken comments a thinly veiled attack on the Bush administration Surgeon hit out at neocons in the US who still deny the reality of climate change Referred to the arrival of hurricane reader. He said if this makes the climate loonies in the states release Realize we've got a problem some good will come out of a truly awful situation as he spoke more than a million people were fleeing north of our way from the coast of Texas as read a One of the most intense storms on record were to the Gulf of Mexico and it'll probably make landfall And well they're saying I'd ten o'clock from our morning There are real fears that Houston could suffer as badly from read as the world in suffered from Katrina less than a month ago And as we're conclusion the Bush administration should draw from two hurricanes as such high intensity hitting the US in quicksive section so John said If what looks like is going to be a horrible mass cause of the extreme skeptics about climate change in the US to reconsider opinion That would be an extremely valuable outcome asked about characterizing them as loonies. He said there are a group of people in various parts of the world who simply don't want to We're sent human activities can change climate and are changing the climate. I'd like to know the people deny that smoking causes lung cancer I call the flat the a flat or a proud sur john not that he cares with his comments John becomes a third or leaders of Britain scientific establishment to attack the US over the Bush government's determination to cast out ungrubble warming is a real phenomenon Sir John's comments call when support recent research much of it from America itself showing that hurricanes are getting more violent Suggesting climate changes the cause of paper by US researchers last week in the US Journal of Science showed that Storms of the intensity of Katrina become almost twice as common in the past 35 years Although the overall frequency of federal firms were wild as a main broadly level since 1970 the number of extreme category for in five months As sharply risen in the 70s there was an average of about 10 category for in five hurricanes year But since 90 they've nearly doubled the average of about 18 year during the same period C-service temperatures among the key drivers of hurricane intensity have increased by an average of .5 degrees Celsius That's nine tenths of a degree Fahrenheit. Sir john said increasingly looks like a smoking gun It's a fair conclusion to draw that global warming caused to a substantial extent by people is driving increased C-service temperatures Increasing the violence of hurricanes. I've been mentioned of course the fact that the whole ice capture of anaging and that's pretty similar all going to drown But nevertheless will be dead soon anyway. Thank the Lord. County. Yeah. I mean, they're going to be there will be states and there will be countries that will just be underwater Not real soon not like in a week maybe about a month. That's a bunch of cities like this. You like ants you and you better go there quick because that whole thing is built on a deck of cards. It's going to be underwater. I'll still leave. Okay, how many votes we got once that pulled on us? I think this one's a little more lively than the first time we've done it. 522 votes Well, I said we had total we had 748 total on the first time on this pool. What we're going to finish that we'll top that by the end of the show today So that's our goal. Josh 749 can we handle it? Oh, yeah the best American rock band of all time the Eagles 73 arrows from 72 Not that I'm pushing today. I've always heard the doors myself. Oh, this my favorite door song. I love it. You won't hear this on the magnitude of what we're doing so because Bob Hamilton is an A-hole. Okay, an idiot. Right. Right. So there's your choice. We got a real battle. This is going to be one of the most contentious pools on your contentious station on this highly contentious show that we've ever had 70 free for the Eagles 72 for Erasmith and door 60 said we got a three way human race man. It's great. I think by the end of the show today that we're going to probably get a call from me to Don Johnson or Jim Morrison Is that staying on the phone? Van Hilling 42 the beach boys only 32 come on. I better crank out some of that crap too pretty soon. Huh? I got that. We got it. All my brothers 27 Chicago only 23. Oh my god Van Hilling's a head of Chicago. You people need mental help Van Hilling my ass Leonard skitter 22 or van a 20. Competing in a harfragile 15 the Ramon 13 the great full dead 12 what a joke. We're talking about people saying music on the band 12 Back to bed Ryan take the teddy bear with you right hot chili peppers 11 kiss 10. Oh, kiss this or we're not kiss, but we did play it out. We I did sleep at a holiday in express last night. Don't you love those spots. I was a great talking heads nine to birds eight Jefferson airplanes. Oh, just change talking heads nine birds is a nine. Metallica seven Jefferson airplanes seven creed in square water CC They're rolling their roll in six they suck earth wind and fire a five bunch of B five. Skelia and four fleet with Mac three are they still out against the cast cars three the cast Don't have any of turtles one and none yet for one for journey Z Z top 30 expression sublime. I'll have the big there's a record for you still boring. Miles for our that puts a One for our bar we think they'll be a slow to macaroni and cheese and Obviously boring and likely a landfall category free still a slight chance of that maintaining category for strength. Okay. Good wake up somebody wake up at okay Is under a lot of the dress lovely dress by the way. We're in a pinch shirt from in its after levitate five 60 W Q and the Emerald coast is thought is number one Asian girl may be fed That's not just my opinion, which I've had for a long time. You can't be the girls as a gay restaurant review says that you asked for now every Friday through Sunday night lobster Fest is back at Emerald coast by popular demand. See three main lobster served thermodore style and you can still enjoy craft fest every night with the Last-gen snow crab legs dungeon the scrap and Jonas Stone crabs the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different I'm sure that sushi gets me items and additionally Amel coast has handcar per movement from their flaming grill succulent juicy New York stakes cook just the way you love them top off a fantastic feast would just dozens of great items With dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain you can hand it your own strawberries marshmallows all kinds of Decid and treats just stick it under there and they're watching drip and by the way this weekend Be a great time to check out the Amel coast. Go have a feast while other people are starving Don't forget the Amel coast for most healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol freaking oil oil No MSG no corn starch no crap. No headaches just a big fat pupa when you walk out look your reservations It won't memorable coast tree location. You'll find them in sunrise Sunning else beach and pepper pines for the Amel coast call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two Not just a meal but a real serious pig out We'll know no sister all my life That is why she's now my wife And I think my son may know it's true He's my nephew Will my daddy is my uncle Joe mother is my dear and flowed is very late to see my first business me I We You're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're the human, you're a human, you're a human, you're a human, you're an liar, you're a human, you're a human, are you? You talk somebody free And Granny find some singing to your show Are's all we kind of, and service I'll be ready to pray I'll be standing down my door Says that the altar is a fire now She'll be singing away See two days of shivers All the worries were hanging down And the tears were so there Is shivers All the nights were hanging Yes, all the nights were hanging All the shivers All the nights were hanging Will see me through your show Miss kataya, Vel surrounds me Let's go think of your choice Let me feel your shoes If you'll be dying to die Al me for tonight See that the chapel Will see light, I'll see light Let's go see light Can't leave the way If you will dare you Can't leave us See that the chapel Will see light Okay, nothing down right let's see what it's like So, here's the fact this is what you read the great Paul program at any Oh, yes, I will and then coming up the reason my pie. So there you go. Alright, how do you like that now we're getting requests You know what's the go go to pick it up. Hey, Miguel you jackass you're really Good morning, hello Back to you sir happy for him. It is It is They're on there. Back goes I'm a good person the black closed. Oh the black closed nobody knows the black Croses Rose see a canani WQA and hello Yes, sir Yeah, we'll write it up real hard. We'll his call was so good. We needed to hear it again definitely WQA and hello Good morning sir First of all the those two new Wish it that's a great. Oh, we have wonderful wherever those new from those a great some genius All right second although I vote for the Eagles a band that are probably be pretty popular down here Since it's one of those that they've played into the ground Boston. Oh Boston. How could we figure the rest in? Yeah, so you're right though they're overplayed man. If I knew we had a Boston song overrated soon All right, thank you. Thanks a lot, Pally. Boston over your Boston Let's speak out of the dolphins Game will be televised locally. Oh brother and Hank can get another promo out of that same jackass coin and so oh Well, we almost didn't get to see this game believe me if that game is like what I think it's gonna be You're not gonna want to see it the dolphins Carolina Panthers game will be locally televised I want to clock Sunday by channel 7 and 29 as sort of said yesterday Because let's see the dolphins donated roughly 37 hundred tickets yesterday diverse entities including 33 hundred students participated In a school reading program the dolphins also Donated to a 4000 tickets to civilian military personnel in the area before the season over against Denver So they have it a cough up about 4000 tickets just to get the games They'll look black out with it of a game because you know that that's the kind of outfit And it's who now wants to buy tickets to see that to see a girls team With all the respect to Nick Sabin for whom I have no respect. I mean even though he wasn't Michigan State baby Okay, I was there too and so was the fidelity so big big stimulus 562 votes. What do you think about what got a shot at 600? I don't know about life. It's us Okay, Spencer's listening by the way. She's so I'm Okay, that's enough of that 5 670 560. I better do the Paul Krugman thing or something You're really upset with me, right? Right like that person and about six minutes it's gonna be 1130 Which means those trends those arbitrends those radio ratings will come puke in across that Thanks machine which is too soon to the summer rating book, and of course that's not on not on my watch not on my Sacoat a you were there the big uneasy rights Paul Krugman if I got time to read this how long this one was long No, not bad although her came Katrina drowned much of New Orleans the damage to America's economic infrastructure Actually fell short of early predictions of course read it may make up for that But Katrina the reward and physical damage it was a blow to our self image as a nation Maybe people will quickly forget the horrible scenes from the super dome and the frustration of wondering why no help at arrived was cable TV returns to nonstop coverage of missing white women But my guess is that Katrina shocked to our sense of ourselves will persist for years America's current state of mind reminds me of the demoralized mood of the late 1979 when a Confluence of events double digit inflation gas lines in the Iranian hostage crisis led to an actual crisis of confidence Start with economic confidence. See available measures say that consumer confidence which all already was declining We fork between a hit has now fallen off a cliff one well respected survey from the University of Michigan Says that consumer settlement is at its lowest level since George birthday elder was president and America One last wrong was a national best seller. It's true that gasoline prices have received it from their post Katrina peace But even if we despair the refineries a full recovery of economic confidence seems unlikely for one thing It looks as if we're in for a long cold winter natural gas and fuel or all are still near their price peaks And most families were already struck me even before Katrina a few weeks ago they since appear reported that in 2004 while Washington A while spirit were handing a bush boom poverty increase and median family income failed to keep up with inflation It's safe to assume that most families did even worst this year Then there's the war in Iraq which is rapidly becoming impossible to spend positively the purple fingers have become I have come and gone and there no more corners to turn as it resolved views that people like Howard Dean were once derided for becoming the majority of opinion most American say the war was a mistake a majority say the administration deliberately missed out the country And to war almost four in ten say Iraq will turn into another Vietnam And many people are outraged by the cost of the war the general public doesn't closely follow economist arguments about the risk of budget deficits Or try to decide between competing Budget projections but people do know there's a big deficit that politicians keep calling for cuts and spending and that we building after Contrary to cost a lot of money they resent the idea that large sums of being spent in a faraway country where we're waiting the war whose purpose seems Increasingly obscure finally fragmentary evidence like a sharp drop in the fraction of Americans who approve of president Bush's performance in handling terrorists And in the favor of large crowds to show up for the pentagon's America supports you march and country music concert So just at the confluence of Katrina and the fourth anniversary of nine eleven of cost something to snap and public perceptions about the so-called war on terror In the early months after nine eleven America self confidence actually seemed to have been bolstered by the attack the Taliban We're quickly overthrown in present Bush-elect and look like an effective leader the positive perception of what happened after nine Eleven has needless to say that a means they have missed a bushes political stature But now that more time is election 9 11 that the whole so then they whole stretch from Pearl Harbor to VGA day people are losing faith Oh some it turns out to both run and hide It's obvious from the evening news that al-Qaeda and violent Islamic extremism in general are flourishing and the half-less response to Katrina Which should have an easy to deal with an terrorist attack and show them their leaders have done virtually nothing to make us safer And here's the important point these blows to our national self image are mutually reinforcing the sense that we're cut in unwindable war Reenforces the sense that the economy is getting worse and vice versa So we're having a crisis of confidence. It's the kind of crisis that opens at or for dramatic political changes Possibly bananas a ceremony in a good direction But we'll provide leadership now that Mr. Bush is damaged goods I'll follow up to you Swing your partner round and round now build a swimming to the world We're standing to the left to the right here. We go send a little months out. Don't see no Oh Katrina Biden those people please the person will be easy and up and it is for her right I'm tired of the hands Bush ignored the city of New Orleans Yes, some of the people down there say he failed Abu Dhabri Stop the people in the astrazon like ghetto I'll have for national garden in Ira He's funding for there. There signature calls in Tana dear Inserts for never leave all away One white girl we trained a life A name and ass for help from the name he seems George Bush, what's the case in name in Crawford? I guess that's your delbino, Marty Grum Girls got wild needs The city of New Orleans Or the half-jazz and their film through the front Are you looking at those pictures on CNN right now? Yeah, they're working with other people They're working with a word man, where we're not on a levy And they send in votes to try to cheer up the levy But a little bit late now Water is our pouring over levy in New Orleans and I'm forward And just like, oh brother, four bastards, unbelievable Lord, we're in mysterious ways though, he must be pretty peo It about the knowledge and something going on there Do you want these? Uh, these 12 plus numbers? Are you going to wait for the men? Oh, you got numbers already? Assuming whatever you got, okay? Well, I have to, or nearly when the trends come out We wait for the full book the last couple of months Because the monthlys are so spastic and so inaccurate Well, they're always inaccurate But we just have a lot of people like us And a lot of people don't like Joel Feinberg I got no storage role if you think your crime may be comments And very jackass comments morning you're going to And if you're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge And if you're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge And if you're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge And if you're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge And if you're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge And if you're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge You're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge You're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge You're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge You're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge You're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge You're going to be a judge, you're going to be a judge Just like to push me in a drunk again, drinking again, when zooming way to the Top of yesterday's stories on our website, and we know it would Said fine, Berg Joe is going nowhere, means you're rosy as an I'm competing clause he hates WCU, I am He doesn't hate me, he doesn't hate George or Josh, he doesn't hate Hank He doesn't hate my dog, he doesn't hate he hates Greg and he hates somebody else He doesn't hate Dirty, well, right? He'll hide what he hates, he doesn't hate Killed, he's not someone I want to show, but then hate him, doesn't hate the beast He didn't hate for real, Joe isn't a hateful kind of a guy, Joe is But he gets a couple of people, I mean Greg obviously would be Wanted to be rightfully so because Greg has jerked him around so much And it's like painful, and of course he hates With a mole mice, but then he might be the odd man out But then the line from Joel find Berg, the big head huncho, the head she's The real serious big mucker over there at 790, he says WQM is willing to do anything to hurt us, and guess what, Joel? You're right, we might just talk about you every day for four hours Much is very you, even though we do like Joe Rose a lot We like Boat and Tube, but he's not a talk show host Okay, now let's see what we got a fact that says Just wanted to know I saw the panther, he's here and let's look right Let's go, okay, we're not talking hockey, okay Thank you very much, they have one of their first two exhibitions games So that's great, leave so one a couple here, fine, nobody cares Uh, persons 12 plus, let's read all the numbers, what are you saying? Who put these people into a coma after we take a few calls WQM, hello Yeah Fine, fuck WQM, hello Yes, sir, speak up Oh, that him again, him and his boyfriend, there's WQM, hello WM, yeah What is it? Why is it? Why is it all a lipstick? The one who's gonna hit on the hurricane What is this man's heart, all red states? Because the red states are in a long middle for the hurricanes or his men's heart Maybe not it's a stop at a red states, huh? No, maybe got his PO, get a new phone pack, you sound like crap Okay, I'm getting these numbers here, 12 plus, the for the entire week, hot 105, 6.3 That means this is kind of a dark trend CMQFM 5.7, or second all of a sudden, CMCM A, cool, 5.7 Life 5.7, time for second with CMQ, oh that's not a good life Slush, radio on more 4.8, they're number four 4.8, drop it a little bit there from that phony last one EDR 4.6, the number five, this 12 plus is the whole audience, nobody cares But power 96 3.9, where they play a lot of field, Love 94 3.7, radio on B 3.6, they're dropping a little bit Maybe those old whooos with the green teeth are dying over there You can hear that from a little of anif, he listen real carefully I'm dying out there, yeah Oh that's what we got that in nice by, well that's not worth it While 103.5, XDJ 3.4, that sounds like a one of those Most of the boys is phony balloon ideals, MIV men in black Rett and Jennifer Remwood say men in chains, the way she likes them, 2.4, the number 10, tied for 10th with XDJ, whatever Magic, oh look away there, drop it, 4 O2, 3.5 down to 3.3 They've dropped from 7 to a time for 12th, that's probably because of the garbage Bob Hamilton's playing on there, a Bob you idiot you Yeah, and we're trying to let you much either, big 3.3, When I must be because, and again, these mean nothing, where the hell is 2.8, they drop back down again, where's QAM? Oh, back up there from a 1A to a 2-1, well, you know, At least we're not doing a 2-2, that's the overall week 12 plus, which includes all the old Farts, how come the old Farts don't like us, no Moe? Waxy, oh, 0.9, and the spring, 0.7, and may do an enjoy, and still hang in there at a 0.7, alright, for waxy and the omtions, Joel Fijnberg This is Neil Rogers, a Joel, you play this 5.62A Why do you first hear? Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, now text me back On those sand they call them mollies and I've had And while you're adding all the things, you had insults to win your dreams Just take my first one baby, now I ain't taking these dots on Now the old days, yeah, the breakups Farts, how come the old Farts don't like us, no Moe? Waxy, oh, 0.7, and the omtions, Joel Fijnberg This is Neil Rogers, a Joel, you play this 5.62A I'm not going to be a good boy, I'm not going to be a good boy I'm not going to be a good boy, I'm not going to be a good boy I'm not going to be a good boy, I'm not going to be a good boy I'm going to lose every day, I'm going to lose every day I'm going to lose every day, I'm going to lose every day You're fairy, 114614, till though we got the molemeister from the fan of New York I guess we've never had anybody, I'm a Clarence in father coming in saying, oh that's the deal What do you assume he's still there? Clarence is there, maybe he's packed it to them Are doing something, I don't know, anyway, I'm looking at these Waxy numbers It seems to me, everywhere I look, the first number is, oh yeah, what is that? Person's 12 plus, 6 to 10 in a morning now, let's see, and this is again 12 plus That means 12 to 1000, the old people just don't like us, you know, of course we got nobody under 18 Listen, maybe 3 or 4, and over the age of 100, they hate us, why is that? What are they old-farts listening to these days? I mean, they're old-farts listening to, they're on Raleum ambi Maybe they're listening to life, or maybe they're just dying over there QA and 1.6, that's up a little bit in the morning, that's week, it's a horrible number But it's 1.6, and Raleum 790, Raleum Joel Fiber, look at that 1.2 in a spring, That'll will point 9 in the previous trend, and again, a 0.8, oh brother, everywhere I look There's a quarter of their number, maybe that's just a mistake, you think? Let's see, midday 12 plus, this is mostly George, by the way, I said that before, even look to see what it is IOD 35, 3.5, 2.5, sure QA and 3.0, which is moving back up to the east side And what about Waxi, 790, the ticket midday 12, where the Jews in Fratata and Amlip and Mark in the dark, what do they got? We look at Z drop to a 2.2, oh no, Al Franken's got a 2.2, are you looking at the better still in the person? Look, look, look, I know what that stuff is coming, I mean, why we do okay? A little better, most of you, what do you want? I'm just kidding, 2.2, it looks like we had a decent one, what do we got? I'm looking for Waxi, oh no, persons 12 plus in the midday, they went for one point, they had a one in there, there's a one, back in the spring, then they went to wait, 0.7, now they went down to what point six, oh Joel, we would do anything to hurt you Break a leg Joel, as they say, I'm not talking about figuratively, let's see, 3 to 7 p.m. that would be the mad dog and of course our good buddy Valdi, other showing that stuff and another got a tornado in the New Orleans, oh it's really filming at the mouth, QAN 2.3, that's the highest in the end again, this is 12 plus And like Luke Kron would say, 12 plus, probably I'm gonna get it, about 12 plus, how you doing, Lou, you idiot, fight your pipe again instead of the dark for a couple hours, it'll be wonders for you Radio, era, America is a dropper a little bit, not much, they're like about flat, they've maxed out and Waxi 3 to 7, that's the unshared dandelive bastard I do believe They went from a one point, oh in a spring when they were like, town, how great they were gonna be, to a point eight the next trend and now a June, July and August, they Oh, they're sold their rock solid in their man rock solid hanging out with Okay, let you hear right, let's hear when those 12 plus show me please Now, how's the pull coming? That's the important thing the door is 94, how do you like that? Oh, no, no, the people that you say, follow me, follow me down 94 for the do's, Eagles 88, era, Smith 84, Van Halen 50, before his 38, almond brothers, I'm a brother's got But, turn the man Now, let's see was it great almond that came in on my show that morning with Johnny temp, I believe it was Yep, don't say them, was it or was he dead then? I don't know, I can't keep the almond brothers straight, so to speak, let's see That was those were the okay 18 plus men and you're not your dismembered, and there's so I have no idea what is it Huh? But you're good to see these first before I do who's that many team plus number one This is for the entire week, CMQ FAMA, no spiggeting lays a yeap 5.9, oh look at that bogus man This is a heavy spow inch for train, I can see that. Hot 105 5.6, that number two and again that number is bigger moving up moving on up WBG 5.1, that's gotta be my good buddy castred over, carrying their ass along EDR 4.5, love 94 4.1, slash garbage, swill, SDJ 4.0, 2 AM 4 2, then it was 3.5 and was 3.8 overall And men, so we're bouncing back, we're moving back on up after a disastrous, now that made dropped off So was that a decent month? I'm sure that's definitely a better extrapolating it and the numbers two That even life, huh? I'm sure we'll get the extrapolation, the escalation And then you got right right here, a bit more in power and a Kubei, a Kubei, a Kubei, a Kubei, a A, I and Z, a radio wire, or America's dropping down like a rock to 829 out of a 2.3 They're 21st, aeramerica in the overall, in men, well what real man, we're listening to that crap anyway Let's hear America, Al Franken and that bitch can't even land for him, only a panzy, we're listening to that Waxy, oh no, they actually have more than a one here, of course this is men, now this is their target demo, they had a 1.9 in the spring, then they had a 1.4 in May, June, July, and now in June, July, and August, Joel, you had a 1.3 is what you got, oh no, dropping like a rock, that is not good. We got a 3-8 and they got a 1.3, that sounds like tripple audience to me, and that's even the Dough Instaich now, that's even what football going on, which you've heard to me, I don't blame the audience for Leaving them after hearing Jimmy Siffle is especially, and seeing the performance by the dolphins against the Jets, and the first half in the first game, they're just lucky, Denver didn't show up in a second half, you know what you're Very lucky, they're lucky they got stuck in the shower to something, okay six to ten more, now we get to the Mead of it, okay, let's get these three to seven here, see I've got my assembly line go, okay, got my State for here, what happened to three to seven did you not send me three to seven, you didn't know everything, No you did not trust me, oh there it is, well I got a big pile here man, I know the audience is always this is Synthelating radio, you know what to play, you need to play me, you need to write this, people in the business like it always And a door is for him, yeah, let's face it where I'm here, equal time for the Evo's okay, I bet you Joel though, I'm here for these Evo right now, hey Joel, we hate to like poison, okay, and catch all the other bulk campers, come and squash you like a cockroach, any of us Water is just pouring into the warlands of the night, to where it is, just pouring in there again, Jesus And of course they've been praying to God, so obviously God is either busy doing other stuff For there is no God or God is a sadistic bastard, one of the other, God don't forget, wrong God, maybe they need to pray Oh they do pray, there you go, or maybe if they pray to that, you're a ski, whatever his name is 18 plus morning, 6 to 10 a.m. men, men, xd, wm, xd, 3.1, what is that? That's magic, okay? Magic, that's tragic, oh that's not number one, it's out of order, you're out of order, Mr. the whole city is out of order You must know, here's the first page, oh thank God, if magic was number one, I'd be happy to have the window, now Bob Hamilton better jump out, hot 105 c. I know it's 7.48 big show in spoke book, FDJ6.5, no speaking in place Big 6.3, down a little bit but still a big number there and they're very happy that Stern is not here, Paul and Ron do very well with no competition Big 6 6 in the spring down to a 6 5 down to a 6 3, dropping a little bit but still a very respectable 6 3 nice God boys Your material sucks but nice God, radio M&B 4.9 old old green 2 2 2 2 2 guys smoke in a big fat store He's in playin' down a no part with each other, radio M4 4.2, CMQ, 1184 kiss a kiss, that's magic is number eight with a 3 1 for minther I got really a scared because we hate Bob Hamilton really bad for that one guy out there that keeps calling him bugging us QAM from a 2 5 up to a 2 9 not sensational but moving back up there a little bit still an embarrassing number but a 2 9 right WILD at 2.8 so you beat them homper there you go homper Stern now that we're getting rid of that race track and hockey talk And now that we got viral off the air we got a shot of getting an audience in the morning The coast at 2.8 oh nice going there today is have another drink might maybe we might take the president out for cocktails WHAD what is HDR that's that new used to be Zeta's net the station I don't know I can't keep him sleeping We're sort of speaking change somebody's name in blue men in black men in brown 1.8 power 1.8 many that's not through demo Radio smeg must got a one seven radio romance anybody wants to oh waxy that's what we're looking for they had a 2.3 share in mornings in 18 what is it number 18 back in the spring 2.3 Then that'll 1.7 in the following month and now from 1 7 to 1 1 6 oh to every every day part seems to be dropping like Iraq Wynz era America 27 in the spring 2 3 in the and that's trained and now down to a 1 5 1 5 my ass all my god And that's an morning when they got that very amusing whatever that show is I don't know what it is They're just above NMA and we still don't even know what that station is NMA remember we talking about that we thought that was Mr. Ego station By the way your station doesn't show up against you. Sorry sorry to you in little Tommy. I'm just I don't know what I'm doing Just taking all this crap that you sent yeah many team plus in midday CMQ no speaking in glaze 6.7 Q a m 5.3. Well, what's wrong with that? It is summer time a little Georgie holding down the fort. What's wrong with that not a 10 5 or whatever? We have a 6 1 but a 6 7 in the spring but then a 5 2 and I'll back up to a 5 3 bounce back a little bit and I guarantee you beat the crap out of you know who I don't want to It's in Joel find where you can get them all of sent in paranoid because you don't like being picked on 5 3 number 2 big 5 3 tied Yeah I OG 49 and what's that so we beat rice we beat the Russian the flush and though okay Glenn Beck rounds with Rick Love 94 for 7 how do you mom be for 2 and I let's see if we can find waxy and scare America here I'm a day scare America drop from a 3.5 and a 2 previous trends to a 2.9 oh Good and then you got Not on the next page either. Oh my god. Can it really be that bad in men in midday it is I and so every carry would say it might be it could be it is They actually had a 2 point back in the spring they're on waxy on 7 90 the ticket to O then in June May June July and that's after they lost that bogus the 18 to 34 member then. Yes, may June and July They dropped to 1.5 and now all brother 5.00 1 2 tied for 24th just barely as you know WJNA which ain't even in the market. Oh God Just barely beating out distance signals from Uranus This is your 15 Before you discount for everyone was a huge success and now we're slashing prices even further Introducing GM's dealer mistress discount for everyone The first ever is paid the same price as the woman who shares a motel room with the owner of the dealership every Tuesday and Friday during lunch Oh, now you can I say not a penny more GM's dealer mistress discount for everyone. You don't have to lay out a lot of cash Or lay flat on your back. I just got a new car without feeling you with prices this low my GM dealer won't do to me But he does do his mistress. It's nice to know I can get great service without having to service the owner and with the money I saved on this car. I can afford my own mistress. Thanks GM GM This is just down for everyone available. I supplies last year until our wife's find out what did I just hear there before was there like a little A little attacking with which we had or what was that? Yeah, just another spot, you know, you're a bad nation though forget I'm the hair thing to do know Okay, 100 and three votes for the doors domestic American rock band of all time the Eagles 96 a hell of a battle and aerosmith 89 run all three together on a race Van Halen 53 three beach voice 40 almond brothers all and brother's god What do we got so far we got the 686 I'll be dang man and every yesterday by noon We hit over 700 votes and we're right in there now Dang like right in there something must be going on, you know here's a fake facts. It's very cute Yeah, please repeat many times over and over again the ratings for the Steve King show It's a great show and many person listened to him. Steve's brand of hatements crossed out then it says humor and Political insider a must-for all software to talk radio listener sign thanks Tommy Tom joker My here's Steve's number time point oh doesn't show up that exists Arbitron doesn't recognize the existence of whatever to say oh Oh, these they're consistent anyway Donn in for a lot of it else says I can't believe you don't have the Dave Matthews band on there. Yeah, well always We did let's rectify that right away. Okay. Let's rectify that for Donna Please add immediately. He has a song that the person can relate to bartender please fill my glass for me Okay, thanks, Daniel all the one is sure we don't like the Dave Matthews band not even little tiny bit We just find them Yes, we did all Well, look at that radar there are a bottom you roll brother in all the ends and on a way to Bat room Lafayette for you I'll watch now issued at least until six o'clock local time tonight, but we'll probably see that extended No, boy Well, it's Lord's pissed off man. He's in horses that I'm really with American public wouldn't do anything in the media They late in the dollar short and so the Lord had an interview. He stepped in there He stuck his thumb down there and said hey this this ought to learn you you mean he accident and that's why this things that aligned up in Texas And sit there and hover for days Because this is like the biblical the great flood, you know, and where's Noah when you need him? Maybe Noah could have got all these people out of Houston a lot better than this traffic jam 3 to 7 men okay. I'm not gonna draw these numbers other than rub it in rub it in Joel you still suck 3 to 7 p.m. Many team plus CMQ FAMA 4.9 their number one there from number 14 in the spring number one now is anybody believe that Sounds like a wire diaries are heavy-spoken skull, but nevertheless we have we're not complaining big big 4.9 tied for first Big that's thanks to my good, but that's the afternoon. That's cluster plan EDR 47 hot 105 42 and we got IOD we come down to with a 4 1 and number six in the afternoon And that's Todd the Schmidt myster Okay QAM 3 8 which you know that's 3 to 7 between 4 and 7 you know we beat their ass We have a much bigger number than 3 to 4 years And then what else we got kiss wins Scare America 35 in a spring book 3.8 in the M.A. Jr. and down to a 3 to they're dropping every day part every demo every hour by the minute 3 to 7 oh that's an inch. That's pretty exciting stuff and then I'm still looking for your friends your buddies across the street EDR that's a Dan Lepastut who's cancels himself as quite the Celebrity a two two in the spring not a 1.8 men in May, June and July and at least at 1.8 they're consistent They're holding their own baby over there at the last C 1.8 mad dog 3 a which means 4 to 7 he's got a 4 some probably about a 4 5 and they got a 1-8 Not looking really promising tool maybe at night time Maybe let's find the you know in every dark lighting there's a silver cloud don't you think okay 7 or 5 and many team plus what about the weekends? Now somewhere in here I have a weekend thing that you sent me did you send me the weekend? I don't know I just thought every stack they gave me I would not really look at it because the weekends are to show that big number for the dolphin broadcast for Jimmy Syphilis And poor Joe Rose who stuck between Iraq and our place. I'm sorry, I apologize personally the way they treated you on our station Because we'd be really happy to still have you on and then they'd have nothing over there I mean you're the only thing they got in you're not doing that well because you're over there Plus you're running like 18 minutes spot breaks because see if I did a bad deal with us with all this spots But this is the only show they can sell but they're said it running like 25 minutes spot breaks every half hour 7 a midnight radio bomb B oh boy 18 plus you know that's men 90 plus old old green teeth Kubano is with big fat stoves near mouth Ever seen a little Kubano with a big fat one in his mouth all the time W i o d three seven what do they got in night? Oh that's your buddy in it who are you sure? That buddy 3.7 number 11. Oh this is again. He's a auto order. That's my bad That makes it a lot more exciting anyway over number one on on my mistake my bad here it is CM Q FM excuse me 7.2 again. No speaking at English heavy spoke I scroll whatever Those stand for every general manager I've ever worked for he's to do that's spoiling Schroes thing all the Jews anyway great great on to the physis of goi He never with that means anyway hot 105 6 4 EDR 6 4 QBA and 9 QAM with a Marlins 4.5 We're number five men and I'd okay and proud of it Marlin they're kicking and Only but thank you down trail number 22 last night unfortunately the rest of the team is Okay, so we got what do we got a four five and night so what have they got are they on the second page? I and Z the What do they have on a Randy's on a night right? You know I 60 10 or something tonight. Well seven a midnight. They got a 3.0 way down They dropped from a 3 7 all on scare America But I'm looking for that other sports station at various and so much time writing around all look at that They're making some serious serious inroads at night. It must be the default myster It must be that heavy duty corn that he's growing They had a 1.8 back in the spring and then they dropped away 0.7 and made you in July and now they had a 1.2 night tied for 24th. Let's see we got a 4 5 and they got a 1.2 It sounds like about four times a multiple of four at nighttime even a Marlins are kicking the crap out of Or whatever they got a vehicle So there you go there's only this trend. It's not gonna change That's where it's at I mean the only way it's gonna change is not that I'm back. I'm not the sound arrogant He gets mystical we're gonna go back up and man. We're gonna kick some ass and they they got nothing See this guy for all of his bluster this year will find we're gonna have his stir in the pot and getting everybody whipped up There's only one person one person that could have put your station on the map okay if you wanted to compete with us One there's only one and again, I don't want to sound arrogant but that person was They oh god and then it ever approached me and of course that came in a time where I have an all-our Jewish problems and and that the serious thing was getting serious for about two minutes remember this yeah Not that long ago when I were first to formulate all their crap over there By the way Hank says that they went up at night because they had a couple of dolphin preseason games Aha oh Hank has lost the nice gone air hop where you went up a little bit still easy him help But you're moving it get rid of I replaced don't bring him back But yeah, they went up at night because they had some dolphin preseason crap and here's so but again a one point two I mean the Marlins just kicked their ass Holy moly man and I let's see those games are all on TV though weren't they just like all the dolphin games will be because here's what I'm hearing Joel you can take this for what it's worth I'm hearing inside the building well, I'm not there But I heard the rumors from inside the building that if there are any more of these dolphin games We're like three four thousand tickets now so that the beeslies are got about the tickets just so we can promote the fact that it's on TV and people won't be listening to it on a radio Well, we don't want people to have to listen to Jimmy Sifyllis doing baby play by play Right, they'll do anything different if there's like 10,000 tickets will buy them up That's what I'm hearing that's what I just made up just to get you aggravated Joel, okay? Just because you know why because we do anything to hurt you because we're much ambassador But to nasty miserable hateful old Jews and you know what old Jews are like in a condos man That's what we are all hateful don't like like like like like a like a hopper there you go go And of course we got one goi through an internet a mad dog just whose who's a god a legend Just to hold up the goi shandard the things so we don't want to go too far Joel find word my ass Well now what they said he has aspirations to be thus so here's the exp In men we had a decent August there not spectacular we went from a three four in July up to a three six Huh in men that's overall in the morning two one to a three one nice going hopper the hopper I'm starting to catch you on now. I know it had that awful July that bad July But now he's back up to a three one still a week number but nevertheless he's working on it midday four six four four in July and August George he's you know he's consistent video cut Huh mediocre well, maybe we had a four one and that was me of course and me we got really hammer Anestation hammer you know Cut it us okay, so anybody's there another one Oh, there's two more look at this look at looking here. It's cookie after no one's two six up to a four seven Nice going low. I mean I go and I go right two six up to a four seven, which is the highest men number we've had since April Start to make an ad oh boy and then at night Three seven up to a four nine a four point nine and August I'll ride and meanwhile They got a one two of it around waxy. They've got a GM with a bear or owner with a big mouth and a GM who's daddy's got a lot of money Stoocotts they got a bunch of boredos. They got a bunch of opportunities X-jocks man the X-jocks. They got O-J-McDuffey on here I'm sure you might be a nice guy. I don't know. I never met him But enough enough with the juicer. In fact, well, I'm here to round town is that most people hate O-J Then haven't you heard that? Yeah, it's the story. I'm here and I'm breaking staples I know oh well I got a real operation going over here man. I got my one man radio station Oh, Jesus. Although my equipment works better years Right well, I'll fix this during the break. Oh the break is coming off You You You Oh Famous Response more quickly when it's rich people hurt and When it's rich people hurt and Famous probably 10 at five since the WCM Hey, I peggedly had this really cute mold. I would tell you about that No, it was long to 10 weekend. He wouldn't give it back So here's the numbers. I and that's what we want to rub it in because that would be very harmful and we would Yeah, that would indicate that Joel is right. We do anything to hurt them over there at the other place cross street up here there Monthlies Here's our month-season of our redid ours, right? Yeah, man Well in the month of August in the overall in men These are the men numbers in the course when you're a sports day, so that's your target demo Baby man man, we want men I'll draw your picture to men. I'm looking for but anyway one point one in August that a point nine in July A oh point nine and then at one point one And of course as the number points I've very accurately that's the dolphin free season getting going in August Two preseason games in there in the mix you know what I mean with that heavy duty fantastic pregame show They got that everybody in town been ripping an ass even bury and and then of course you may civilists Then in the morning mid morning they got a 1.4 boy from a 1.0 July and in a 1.4 Loast to me like one is gonna be that permit number in front and what did the hopper have a three one? So more than double almost triple the audience here. How do you like that all right midday now midday they're making a move that a 0.5 in July and August back up to a 1 3 course they didn't have a 29 and April a 2 2 and May and now they're back into the ones So in other words the initial you know they don't have the Wire Diaries I mean the Audience that they had back in April Now, let's see what about afternoons? I'm sure that they must have really picked up big time in the afternoon tonight 2.8 in June 3 to 7 p.m. in July a 1.5 sharing August 1.1. That's half of a 2 2 I always thought down a bass that would look just dashing in a 2 2 but he's only got half I guess he's the other half to cover up in the back them 1.1 sure oh brother and at night 7 a mid night They've had a couple months there where they like been just borderline barely the transmitter just barely glowing You know what I mean? We're gonna be glowing and blowing may a 0.3 July a 0.5 But August at 1.8 like the upper point set has a couple of dolphin games in there But if you need dolphins to get you up to a 1.8 year in man you've got some real tourist baby in other words You lack one thing it's called an audience I take that back you like two things it's called one Listable programming and two an audience they seem to go hand in hand So there you go that's a story on the trend and I'm sorry I apologize for wasting all that time But I was a lot of fun though because we're bastards like I said and we enjoy the other way And making the lives miserable over there we feel sorry for your roasts we like your a lot But the rest of and and boog is you know Who do you select a lot to until he started hoping with the damdle bastard? 731 votes on the pole okay, let's get back to the show. Can't quote with our rating crap I'm getting a headache from it doors 110 equals 101 Arrows with 93 van Halen 55 see it's those top three and everybody else's small taters each voice 44 the almond brothers 34 Chicago 28 great polled 27 what a joke Leonard's scunter 26 their van at 24 the band 19 what about the boys in the band what about a company in a heartbreakers what about him gay? Company in a heartbreakers 18 remonst 15 Metallica 14 Red Hot Chili peppers 14 Pondrous Like them for about an hour there and a certain awful Pondrous talking hits 12 earth wind and fire 11 kiss 11 Steady Dan 10 just like the people in Texas they're out of gas only these is the steady Dan was out of gas before they started the birds 10 Different's interplaint and CCR 8 these E-top 7 when we put them on there. Oh, I can't have a dirtabrate must have sneak to in there Fleetwood max 6 Mont Jovi 6 Dave Matthews band 4 journey for sublime three the cars three Boston 2 REM one The turtles one and 38 special have got the big oh come on Somebody comes through for 38 special hold it loosely our worst fears came true water pores over patch levian to warlings We talked about this yesterday everybody I guess was paying too much attention to Texas and not listening Not they yeah, yeah, they thought we were not what do we know right right hurricane read a steady rain said water pouring through breaches in a patch Lovey today cascading in one of the city's lowest line neighborhoods in the devastating repeat of New Orleans flooding nightmare Our worst fears came true said major very good. We have the Georgian National Guard we have three Significant breaches in this livi and the water is rising rapidly at day break. I found substantial breaks and they've got in larger dozens of blocks in the ninth word were underwater at as a waterfall at least 30 feet wide Port over and through a dike They've been used to patch breaks in the industrial canal livi on the street that runs parallel with the canal the water ran Waste deep and was rising fast Get ready. I wonder if he's can to run good really and keep it you think so Josh not Get me said water was all over give me he was from Louisiana One day yeah, you wouldn't know yeah, I'm pretty sure he was he was the new Orleans he was down home Louisiana kind of got wrong kid. We did we said water was rising about trees in the middle Well, that's one of them French the key draw names. They don't keep it on when people say cage on you. I think immediately What like that the impoverished neighborhood was one of the areas of the city hit hardest by Katrina's flood waters and founded and pumped right before her keen We destruct Sally form an a deraimera rain niggins said officials new the levies were compromised But they believe the ninth word is clear to residents. I wouldn't imagine there's even one person down there Well, probably isn't no mole Mitch Fraser is spokesman for the Army Corps of Engineers at contact is being brought in today And an effort to repair the new damage the court earlier installed 60 foot sections of metal across some of the cities can now Some protect the insulating and storm surges, but as they say in Japan Growning stealthy. Yeah, you know what they say you ought to know all the turd Well, let's take a bunch of calls here. Maybe we left some big bands off of this like Tommy Dorsey, you know and Glenn Miller Yeah, you would hear some no Yeah Yeah Okay, let's take a call or two because these people are gonna start hitting us like poison WQAM hello Yes, good afternoon. This is the Jefferson power and accounting department What's up a little sweetheart you're fairie WQAM hello They're gonna you're gonna have to wait till the dolphins get there four and a half million first before you guys are getting any okay Oh sorry Joel we would do anything to hurt them WQAM hello Yes, sir. Morning, sir, and bye. Welcome back to Miami. Yes I just want to say that people in the Orleans you're afraid of fraud. I'm willing no the one and closing George you suck. Thank you When are your folks? He's a what do you mean if I say so? He just often the interview He was uh, huh okay one of your folks. Yeah. I know you're in denial funny says pass note at five 60 QM to mole myster from New York Oh, that's a man at two this Is 16 What I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to die. Okay, we got the 768 votes on a poll. What I said were 748. I went out the first time, a year or two, a couple years ago. So, we already got that top so we'd be in a breathe easy knowing, the worst easy just sit back and take a nap. Here's a fact this is high uh palie with regards to Oujim, it definitely was great dolphin player. But as a broadcaster, he's horrible and the guy who works with him is even worse. Oh that couldn't be mark in the dark with it who fail overnight. Okay. Please put the Alice Cooper band on the hall how could we be in a Cooper if we didn't recognize Alice Cooper right? I'm right 308 special finally got two and the turtles from New York finally got one turtle that I have more than that We just don't have many of those old forests like me, listen It's way goes Saudi minister warns US Iraq may face disintegration Prince out all fies all these time and he asked something that I I'm gonna say it again I've attended this for a long time If we had a real president if we had people with real balls in there if we didn't pee people wearing cohoots with there's a Shmatha heads over there they go over there right now and it's sick the old cheater right into the oil and then that would be it 30 cents a gallon is what I messed him up Sense again for gas just that we have waited the wrong country no question about it Saudi Arabia first and Pakistan and then clean up all those ragheads and Setem to your rain Mrs. Somber put them on the space shuttle First of all, it's not coming back look at all man. That's bad I'm trying to sort that Sure, I am also were standing by looking at anybody just pouring in the New Orleans just unbelievable here we go again. Okay. Let's take all much of calls between now and two until Mo come son from the fan in the earth because the moment we hear him the more we're happy is in New York WQAM hello How are you doing today pretty good, pali? Are we doing proper we doing rock rock band of all time? All right, I mean the boy did some pop bands on there. That's his one You'd have to run it down, but you ran it by one since he like You know, hurdles loving spoonfuls pop, you know Yeah, we don't have the love and spoonful on it. No, it's not pop. I mean all the year the definition of rock is the evolving Okay, yeah, we're on there now You know really good guitar playing we're really good drumming like I'm gonna cast my vote for Derek and the domino I love Derek and the domino. Is that what's his name though? Eric Clapton? Yes, yeah Today they did that album down here in North Miami, but I love Derek and the domino I did it's one of my all time favorites. Yeah, and just the chain subjects is one guy I would like to throttle I'd like to grab him by his wasopicist and squeeze whose eyeballs pop Yeah, it's the honorable senator from Tennessee, so fresh. Oh Bill's fist act crook while you better watch out because he's He's gonna be working on the chain gang pretty soon. I think the way things are going for him I mean remember a couple years ago who Richard Clark Apologize survivors the victims of nine eleven And first got so upset he said he was a Paul that Richard Clark is that's did something like that It's really up to me. Yeah, well another one of those hypocritical right wing goody to shoot boarding in their phony volans Carrying the domino's ever done the background there. Yeah, it's the book of the book of the best part of that Layla is it only you know what is it about 45 minutes of my fence? Seven and five you got wild virus always good for the enemies There he goes with this Eric that's and stuff you listen test with the audience again. You'll be best Poor guys kid goes flying off the window and crooks and you're making fun of it Even I looked Eric in the domino's Eric's life then gives me skill fees himself first He's a legend in his own mind your own sin every day I Put your color in the same area with our finding The one words are both of them erasads Erasans In other words what you see is definitely not what you get Okay, apologize for playing that don't I? No, oh, and that's start we had yesterday about that not job in Vegas Yeah, the car guy. Well the driver intentionally Steered his car out of a sidewalk on a crowded Vegas driven and accelerated and it didly seen that resembled humans being Mowed down like a lawnmower police said to miracle. There were more dead people one person died 13 were hospitalized many with major injuries a 2070-year-old lunatic face and charges a murder and attempted murder Deputy police chief Greg McCurdy said it appears he did this intentionally the reason is questionable The man Stephen Michael Ressa of Realtor California also has been sought by his home-time police in a near-fable assault Monday on his mother Who owned the car he was driving in Vegas? Maybe Tony Perkins could play this guy in movie for we're still around. Hey Tony you're fairy the victims including 11 tourists were walking in front of Bally's and Peris hotel Casino's on Wednesday when the car struck them and crashed into a wall came to a staff at landscape there in front of Bally's The injured were stewing along the sidewalk were being treated in the street by emergency personnel as some tourists looked on traffic on the Vegas Trippor stop for nearly five hours Ressa was on her unfortunately it was arrested at the scene by an off-duty police officer It was how the yesterday without bail to county jails It would be a very important court today during interviews with detectives Resopere lucid and correctly answered questions about his ability to turn right and wrong But Ressa statements were bizarre in nature he said results about call and drug tests are pending Profit if you lose your ass out there and say if you have a hell of a good time losing your ass you're walking on the strip Look taking all the fantastic sites and just all the sense of mania comes about a big Like I said it reminds me almost exactly of that cocktail waitress See what sports remind me you talked to the hopper about that. Hey, don't get But that side tracked with the Joel Fiber he's still around here. I'm gonna bring him on it here. Hank is still in there I thought he called about that he's in there. Oh, he walked in the studio told me What's he doing there at 12 38? I know he must be doing a csp and stuff because he sent it to work this weekend. No, he hangs around lately. Well, why I you know Preparing For why he's out on against a Monday. He's not paying and around. He's doing stuff on guarantees working on the real Against what he's hate it around. He's hanking around. Oh, maybe because the numbers were coming up Maybe because he's feeling a little bit insecure because it was marginal More, but hey, I was back up a little bit there. We're starting to make a little progress slowly maturely one was a little time Of course all I tremendous promotion he said. I'm sure helps a lot too Plus those arrow winderman shows. Oh boy. Wow And did you tell me that we got verification on the more or not? Not Yeah, we're just you know, we're just hey all new people listening out there. I know there a lot of you We're just you know in a vacuum. That's all. They don't bother with us Duff is you only one you know comes running in with the numbers. Then of course rubs it in there just Just grinding it in on the waxy people grinding it in Yeah, he comes up like a real you know pansy He's really a hard ass is what I'm hearing see get on the wrong side of him and he'll come after he will come and get you Josh Twenty two Let's see how that top because it's only these top three that are really fascinating to me all with a hundred of mole The doors 115 the best American rock band of all time. I'm glad the guy said dirt in the domino's Yeah, they got no votes yet doors 115 equals one oh six and aerosome of 103 bands three groups who then 15 And I think the next full quest would be which one of these groups will you see live in concert next oops He's still around. Yeah, see you laugh. He's still around. Okay. Got a little bit blitz There are fans there, but he's still around when Elvis comes back he and Jim Morrison are gonna be on a motorcycle And Peter find will be under to this is new This is five 16 Please be seated I want to remind people that who might be listening that this administration is a Group of frustrated and desperate people who kill innocent life Americans out of you at a such and now be glad to take some of your questions Terry wants you start. Thank you mr. President as you know new Orleans is destroyed Thousands are dead and countless families are now homeless I'd like to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem. Oh, we don't have a problem less ignore it sir My not remind you that you have a responsibility as a commander and chief to step up and act on the people's behalf Okay, here's what I intend to do about it Hey, thank you, sir I'm sure you sit here worried that your poor handling of hurricane Katrina To your downfall in Washington, you see how worried about anything here in Washington, DC. I mean I feel feel comfortable in my role as the president and my role in the president It's the push Terrible disease in order to destroy life and I have made my position very clear on that issue David thank you mr. President thousands of struggles remain stranded in New Orleans surrounded by a raw sewage and without food What is your administration proposing the heat? duty Listen, thank you all for coming out enjoyed About 46 years ago, so many of these obviously have been very lucky this week. He says out of curiosity What happened to really cause me haven't seen around TV oh wait did they fire that bitch? No, no, I'm personally no These were in fact no matter where you look it's reader read it here. We're there later boats School district custodians She's the one all they are there there to help any way they're camin no nurses no doctors no triage It's just a refuge and I would like to make that clear if there are people on Dallas and Island who Who are fearful and who have not been able to leave or have just now decided to leave? Well, what's Roy you been waiting for dummies? Moreavian New York four-way-meter-rested after going topless on a downtown street last month They didn't break any laws and they want to charge us against them to be dropped the woman each charged with exposure I'd appear next Tuesday night in village court if convicted of violation of each phase 15 days in jail and order to a man fifty dollar fine Charles Maran goal of the attorney representing the women's city file a motion to dismiss the case maintaining that a 1992 state court of appeals decision allows women to go topless anywhere a man can This thing should be dismissed outright. He said, but if it isn't an easy on ladies are found guilty and a trial won't have to go to the court of appeals. Can you go county assistant district attorney Charles Thomas said is office in convinced that the 92 ruling gives blanket permission for women to go topless Thomas said that in addition to the new to the violation of the law that the women interfered with commerce The four women care of park 54 in Barbara Krumma 61 in both a branch port that should be illegal Cladia Calers 40 of La Jolla, California and Madeleine McPherson 40 of Rochester were arrested August 11 outside of grocery store in his village of 1600 Moravia just south of a wasco lake 40 miles south of Syracuse It would be the Q's good good choice. 32 a.m. Hello W2Q a.m. Hello. What's up on Goneo? Yes, sir. How you doing great? Oh, what's up with this Derrick and the domino who's supposed to be American bands and a crap is this Derrick and the dominoes and American band their English right, but is it supposed to be only American How come we got stuck in the bed just over here. What's up on it? Huh? Well, let's take it off with it. We're taking it right off. Thanks, Pellie. Yeah, we got well wait We got stuck in that because I like Derrick and the dominoes. I like a lot of British groups for what the hello is that Thank God that guy called and destroyed our ass out and that's your bed you're supposed to be on top of this crap My ass that's your era man. It's just coincidence that I know who they are. Okay, I didn't hit as my area You don't know Leila Derrick and the dominoes. But I'm not the only those two you're supposed to know that stuff better than me. Oh my man I wasn't even bored 567 056 the pound five 60 the Verizon and singular wireless lines the mole myster from someplace It too mad dog at four those Marlin. Thank God for the Marlin another big season I'm not gonna make the playoffs for they did and by the way David Samson guess what you're fairie How many Q a m hello? Hello, boobie less. Yeah, what about the stone temple pilot? What about them? They're great. They have five great albums and put them on the damn pole you bastard Okay, where we're taking Derrick into the dominoes off and it lets put stone temple pilots on okay, what do you say sure? How about the stone ponies not And do we get the loving spoonful and mama's in the pop is on there or not Josh Not the mother's full-on But what's wrong with the mama cast me said at them hand sandwiched choke done what's wrong with her Some kind of a comist anti-Semitic or something like mama cast mama Elliott big yeah big fat mama Cance ever seen her in too many fields together in the same room. I don't think I don't want to see Told you no we'll see her no more She's not one of those funny diabetics, you know Thanks jokes about being fast that is beautiful, but she's dead. Yeah, okay WQA and hello QAM Yeah, I know yes, sir. How you doing? I want for the Paul really okay Where am I? Eastern Ben right to get about a history Ben spring thing I forget about it. Yeah, I forget about it. I think I think I think he had the right idea. Oh, God about it right we will thank you. Thanks for the advice WQA and hello Yeah, you don't get asked in them. Yes, good afternoon sir. And I got a couple bands that you might want to add some couple bands Okay Your honor Oh, Bob Cigrin the silver bullet man, okay, there's one for Bob Okay Guns and Now All right The arties sugar sugar as you cut if it's good enough for C. That cruise it's good enough for the arties, right? You know it I'm gonna vote for that Friends and roses no arties in fact Guns and roses will die on and a two and a three and a five When I look into your eyes I can see a love restraining But done and where I fall to don't you know what do we play And let's forever and we both know hearts can change And it's fun to fall down and we're cold over for a baby There's another reason to hate buffalo by the way Oh, here we go You You know I'm messing with you to that organ grinder guitar sounds and rise Yeah, you know Oh, they stole it from my friends I don't want to hear you to You send it back to Ireland okay, send it back to the aisles the Emerald Isles Whatever you don't send them over the Emerald Coast because Richard is a good peo Somebody QA and hello Yes, sir regarding the poll is this is the poll for American rock or just overall best American rock band of all time that's a question Okay, because that was about I was in disbelief that led to that one pink Floyd right on the list, but they're not Americans No, all right I was just wondering in fact what I'll do in the next arrow. I'll name off all the groups who are not American that would be on their if they were Okay, because those those two groups who definitely the two greatest rock bands of all time and them Wow, yeah And the people are pop groups thing on rock earth Well, and all the pens that you definitely should rock him we can argue that from now until the kingdom come right right Mama's in the pop is rock and roll has evolved some of you punch to understand that it's like when you say rock and roll radio It's not for it in years ago. She she is on you know, well, that's fine He played a lot of hard rock, but then that's some of what rock and roll is, but it's not all but to understand Elvis was rock and roll. I mean Elvis was pop Elvis was rock and roll. Do you got it? Fats down it was rock and roll Elvis was pop. I mean whatever is it fast domino by the way, so it okay Speak in a Derek in the fast domino 567. Oh 560 how come we didn't tell any fast domino music when we did it There you All the songs you got to play that one right Fantastic, it's women to New Orleans And he's so bad leave it to a strict lecture Tracy and Kendall says and off for the fat man. Okay, and twine Tracy and Kendall says correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that Eric Clifton and that's right She haven't only this puzzle, but this facts is a little old No, no, no, no, just relax Tracy. No, no, we screwed up on that. Okay, Eric Clifton we Understand Derek that I'm gonna as we understand brids Brutsusally twitch brids. I'm sending you a morality test anecdote that non-bushies will find how he am using If you don't want to read it on the air. Hope you enjoy it. Okay. No to Boca Brian the song cool jerk The deal play this it would be a great song for a bush booser parody have a great weekend Well, what's the what's the other page it must be on the page to this it was putting while I fact so here comes oh Here comes yeah, what in fact to how would all of this what about the best American rock band of all time how about the phone for others They're not a band and nobody I heard of them unless they saw that movie. Yeah, only they should have been no Right, right I'm gonna get my I'm gonna get a ready video. I'm gonna drive to Detroit. I'm gonna hunt down all the fun brothers That are still live maybe even sort of ones who aren't and I'm gonna make that suggestion that they make that CD Bigger biggest seller in history of mankind Okay Well, we sure got a lot of grief about the American that I'm an old and Eric plant. Okay, excuse us, okay So I made a bad mistake. I got sucked into I got emotional because I like to song I hate Eric plantin, but I do like the you know that group which he happened to be a part of unfortunately Yeah, okay thanks Tracy thanks for working our bad Some days we just make one mistake and that's showing up. Okay. What do we got on the poll so far? We got the 815 votes we're gonna make 900 by dang it. How do you like that? That even begging or pleading or pushing or prodding and then we have that that whole period of time They're doing those ratings which were really pondress and boring, but you know something what we sacrifice I'm very very valuable airtime just to punish fuel fiber. Anyone on a why because you'll do anything to hurt her them amen But it's the one to do out of Life is a brand new reality show that's bigger better faster and stronger It's the Syrian life Sorry Jose San Seco Mark McGuire and These episodes got to buy Velco and begins inside one of the bathrooms of the Serenves Rice House with Mark McGuire and Jose Can Seco Damn X and longs house and stuff So we go nice and slow feel my choice All right Now If you buy no and it's gonna hurt about so you might want to grab on to something like the now Okay, I'm ready. Okay, I'm going in three two Hey, what are you guys doing in there? Oh, it's not a I know what you're doing in there and you said you would do me through their Jose I know what you think it's just helping me with my brushing up. No comb it up No wait wiping up my heart shut up. I'm coming Jose and Mark doing with Rafael sauce, we're Jose and Mark doing what you thought and why does Jose like to take so many men into the bathroom stall anyway Find out tomorrow on an old new episode of the Serenves life One oh two is five six and W Q and by the way, I'm not reading it on the eartracing, but the answer is not would not and I'm sure George would not either I didn't read it. Let me go. Don't read it and don't refer to it Okay, we don't need anybody knocking on the door guard relief heard by obsolete equipment this must be a Tommy Pinkle propaganda This could be true. Could it although wasn't USA today? Which is hardly a bleeding heart-label newspaper just a kind of a funny paper for more honest with a lot of colorful pictures in it Hurricane Katrina's most serious weaknesses in the National Guard's communications systems especially a shortage of high tech radios and satellite communications gear The guards top general said this week if it's gonna protect the USA while also fighting overseas the guard needs better equipment So the tent of general Stephen Blum head of the National Guard bureau We were under equipped we don't need tanks and attack helicopters in our territory, but we must have Stead of the art radios and communications Much of the guards best communications equipment was being used by trip sliding in Iraq It wasn't available for even something Gulf Coast states we cover from the hurricane blum set Absolutely many guard military police in Orleans. We're using obsolete radios as they stop to restore order That combined with a crippled civilian communications network made it harder for them to communicate many also like night vision goggles How does sounds like the communication ahead of 911 in New York also crap? You started up again. Yes Oh, yeah, and here's it now. What did you just pass me? Oh Chuck Barry. Well, Chuck Barry wasn't a band, okay? Right, no, we're on time. We a lot of put them on our full truck very wasn't a band didn't have a band that I know of and whatever I mean, you know, it a bunch of musicians that played with them and in the music too Well, see I believe the Wayne almost remember Derek and the homo's let's make Partly a mercy. I see that that's the confusing thing with them. Well too bad. How about grandfunk railroad? I love grandfunk railroad. Let's play locomotion. What do you say no? Okay? That's man's fun to do it. We can't say it, but we can play it. Here it is. Any second All the way. I do like little eva better, but nevertheless Where's come on? I'm waiting for grandfunk man. There's your phone Oh, and this is perfect. See where an American band is perfect for the poor. Anybody has any doubt to know And sing it this holy idea for this saw I think it party Yeah, the poor. I stole the idea from a Man, the poor cow d'alt from grandfunk railroad Well, that's me. I'll die So Who is 19 equals one eleven and a wrestling one-on-one The tap to us I wouldn't I wouldn't be tempted by the Eagles any needles are you know top five But as far as number one that would not be my vote even though even though you would and that Which I would very toward I like them a lot. Well, I'm not I'm probably between the doors and Erosner nevertheless four years airlines controlled or passenger saw in their cabin screens Anything out scenes of graphic violence or sex and vending movies altogether if they showed airline crashes But now with three US Airlines offering live TV feeds that onboard internet access expected to be available within a year Passengers can see anything they want even news coverage an event which they might be taking part after the drama Borget blues airways like 292 unfolded Think they're policy of keeping on the feed until the product decides to shut it down. I flow that airline jet blue frontier. Oh, man the big banana It's a puddle jumper airline forgetting into these the hinterlands where I used to live and they have a TV live TV Well, not when I was flying them No, they were in fact when you were flying maybe have a real to you. Nobody radio as it results a company Probably would implement a new policy that calls for turning off the service during infinite emergencies frontier spokesman Joe Hodis said if I'm panic by what I see on TV I'm not as likely to pay attention to flight attend to tell me to put my head between her leg between those my legs and prepare for landing or whatever They might be telling me he said I'm not as active followed directions if I'm hysterical from what I'm watching on TV But a spokesman for jet blue whose past years even watched the plane crashing in the world train center 9 11 said the company would not change its policy Of allowing prouder to decide whether to turn off the TV company officials are the long chosen not to sense your TV feeds and said that Violence has been in heaven information available to the passengers We've had quite a few planes in here said timber 11th of flown a floor off slow no more Ason said people on the planes could see coverage to CNN and we found the majority of people free-hanging that information on Wednesdays flight the pilot and crew turned off the feet only when they needed to communicate directly with the passengers And when they saw the screaming was getting too loud and the passenger started putting their heads between each others legs. 10 makes it okay That's enough Making of people traveling I've been sitting on this door for a while. I haven't got around with well I know this is gonna cause just a little bit of consternation because a lot of people feel enough is enough already You know their names are spoken from dark patios where mothers rock their babies to sleep Oh, remember buddy What not buddy Holly buddy knocks What about that song rock your little baby to sleep? I believe so buddy now's party doll Yeah, so which party now do like better Steve Lawrence or buddy knocks Your names are spoken from dark patios where mothers rock their babies to sleep and along the sea wall where teenagers arrive on right I got one for the pull by the way bill healing in the comments Okay, well, I mean if that's not an American rock band that was the first American rock band mister Hey, how can bill healing the comments? He wouldn't have stupid tape tail that you had on there even Johnny that paid it that thing What was the movie where John the death had the pig tail? Cry baby. Oh boy. You call me names again. Now you talk about Joel fine. I'm burgging in. They I do anything to hurt you. Yeah We're gonna do anything we can to hurt you Joel. It's like a break your kneecaps. We're gonna call up look at Brock's you. Okay child overgrown child Their names are spoken from dark patios where the mothers rock their babies to sleep and along the sea wall Our teenagers arrive on rusted bicycles to trade news their friends ask about them passing on the streets or with tight trotes If there's been no word their photo is still hang on the walls virtually every family in the stitching town of Cabo de en Cuba 150 miles east of Hamanna know somebody who has boarded an overcrowded boat headed for the Florida streets a flow of human cargo That is waxed and wane over the years based on US immigration policies Gumpton and the tide charts now US immigration official said the number of Cubans called it see is rising and more are making it to the South Florida shores According to US Coast Guard figures 2020 nine Cubans were intercepted on the high sea so far this year That's the most in one year since the Coast Guard stopped nearly 40,000 Cubans in 1994 Additionally 2347 Cubans had made it to South Florida since October Since October this must be of last year including 190 flighted and five separate incidents in a two-lay period this week the total is the most in four years up from 955 during the same time period in 2004 so they're going like our October to October Coast Guard and Border Patrol officials deny that the high number of signal mass accidents They say that despite their hurricanes and property firms that have threatened to hit South Florida the Florida states have been common immigrants Congress are taking advantage they're in the business and smuggling people for profits that assistant patrol agent Steve McDonnell with a border patrol when the Caesar common they can get people to these boats and they can make some serious In Nero that's what it's all about smuggling human cargo baby You like that. Yep. That's when we thought it was safe 560 560 pound 560 and a Verizon singular wireless lines How many QAM hello? Yes, sir. How far out of the silver bullet band Bob figure silver bullet band Yes, we said that can we put it on there we did we did we just got it on okay two boats What is it? I don't know I heard it just again I'm again just in case because I know what he said and when it does Dump it out man we don't want to take any chances because Joyce might be on our S and then drill Find word might be sitting there till you never know He might be waiting to get even with us And I like that see us call competition baby. That's what they do anything to hurt us I don't know that we've tried to hire any of their people away. I'll deliver like to get your rose back I mean are we trying to hire to get the booster back? We try to get like toast and I'm letting Scramble eggs on the market that are I don't think so. Oh my Dan LeBester would try to sign him now. How about me? For oh so I just you know Just childish and I guess it's the same kind of thing You know what very I'll put in there anybody who'll talk to him they'll put whatever they say in there You know so Anybody out there if you want to cry about something just call a very jackass at the sports department The hero to help him put a whole thing in the paper about it. I saw on various about time and we've been waiting years for this a real article Really something to stick your big fat teeth into besides your stupid salami and Swiss sandwich and by the way, Barry It's safe and you're a son of a two happy about it 12 minutes after you're one at five 60 WQA and everybody knows you got to go to Mose Mr. Mose ranked in the top 10 by ESPN's best sports car in America pool Located in the heart of Connecticut Grove Mose is your place from live music to all sports coverage Mr. Moses the only log cabin restaurant in bar that stays open every day seven days a week from 11 30 the morning till 5 an a M Mr. Moses got an 80 foot bar with over 30 different beers Two from and fabulous barbecue including black angus beef cooked to order sports fans enjoy 28 flat screen TVs and Putting four plasma screens and every night is fun that a Mr. Mose enjoy seven nights a week of entertainment This week in features college football Saturdays with the SPM team plan and Sundays with the NFL ticket Do an in Monday night for most pork or parlor benefiting the hobby right-release foundation which supports children with learning disabilities Register online at mr. Mose.com It's mr. Mose.com where all the action is Mr. Moses in the heart of coconut grove at 31 31 Commodore Plaza Gotta go to Mose and be sure and say hi to Mose for us This is new rotters This is Hey Earth everyone to complain to the station we take you now to New York's grand central station where two of America's worst singers are Faking for money ladies and gentlemen the bad street boys We appreciate he doesn't like Billy Joel's probably what it is how about a little Elton John I think my ears are bleeding from that one tomato with you What does it like Elton John You know what how about some for the kids how about a little Christina Aguilera and beautiful You're beautiful Beautiful Beautiful You know what here's 10 dollars all right be quite stopped singing. I really got to go wait a minute for that We've got to do something a little special I know no You are the sunshine of my life Oh There you go, there's the answer to the poll question just a joke hotline hotline one hotline on the phone QAM hotline badline this is no one can't calling how are you I mean I have this right I just read your facts I did that I mean your email. I did not the email. I didn't read the story about that the other day Well, I'm not calling about that. I'm calling to the staff He's a dollar award for the person who calls up the forego to the police department in next few minutes and Reports in my stolen ban which we're just taking from my house while I was unpacking groceries With a beautiful 2002 Dodge conversion Wow the personalized mark mawens can add any K49 Top and tag and I'm gonna give a thousand dollar awards to the person that calls in the police department and identifies with that Then is because it is somewhere on bail bullet or in the hot-of-floor What a bill in the process of being stolen as we speak Bobby damn with my groceries in it my toilet paper my shaman my top Well, you think you're trod over that's bad knowing you we're talking about a curious thing here. Yes, and I think we're gonna take a bite at a crime I'm letting people know there's a thousand dollar award You said that and calling the police okay, and I thought that would be exciting to share with you today Well good luck in normal all right help me out on this to white conversion then one in life Violence cab and a bunch of toilet paper inside a bunch of World bank groceries and my brand new golf code site that got to my birthday. Oh great. Okay. Well happy birthday and the good luck to you Thank you That's a new can be calling by anything unless it was self serving. I mean, uh, his van got stolen somebody Please call it a police you get a thousand bucks from normal. Okay white conversion there Let me go look for it after the trip there. You're gonna give you something to do keep you out to the streets You know the street yeah, somebody says the pixies the pixies Yeah, you know from the pixies. I do I don't if you want to put it on a go ahead I don't know I know a few people look like pixies. Yeah, they're like a girl I don't want to mention Frank's app and the mother's an invention. What do you say huh? Or you know I like things up a lot. Yeah I say I go for kid under I mean we're getting votes green day and Lincoln Park says Phil Also, or says Steve Lourban. Yeah, we've had them on to before but this time for some reason We let them off better get them on to right away Josh also Cliffs says I like those catchy jingles by Mr. Mo and the Goddard boys Oh no, oh the boys like those The number had is a van stolen I think he's looking for attention is what it is not that he's not an important. Oh, I should ask him about that You see you blew it you should remind me to ask him how it feels to be an extra an answer on a fascist station How that sales department all those Jews on that sales department feel selling right-wing fascist hate on a 50 that is that's just unbelievable That's where we had yesterday about What those at Michael Savage that silly said it was worth it was boards together and all those other are kinds of and they got on the air they're unbelievable so you got our just in time Norma WQA and hello Question mark and the steering question mark from Sagittal Michigan hey question mark you're fairy Yeah, I've run the great veins of all time get out of here question mark and the mysterious my ass It were from Sagittal Michigan by the way in question mark was gay Excellent 96 year drops Or was it more like that? Nice I can't believe that that was the most unbelievable burp up. That was great WQA M hello Yes, sir. Hey, you got our Boston a journey on there Boston's on there and I think journeys are there They're not doing great. They're both on there, but if you go to Boston. Yeah, how about a journey to Boston? About Nirvana. It's on the earth. All right. It's no one I'll then take it. Okay, they're not on there Nirvana's got 25 votes journey not how's your any doing? I got a vote Boston's got four and journeys got six. So let's journey to Boston Please come to Boston by who was that Kenny logins? Remember that song? I mean I don't want to hear it, but please come to a horrible awful next slush That's a kind of thing you'd hear like they log in very close who can you log guys? No, they log in Dave logins. Oh, Dave logins like I said They're not from logins and machine logins. Don't forget to log in by the way Come any QA M hello WQA and that was your fine bird. Yeah, how yeah, either about the duty brothers You haven't mentioned those yet. Oh my god, are we better? Well, we are idiots on it I don't have to be defensive. I love the dooby brothers Dooby dooby dooby dooby dooby dooby dooby dooby dooby dooby do Red that's you know in order of New Orleans black water Yeah One of my favorites Yeah, I don't have any dooby brothers to play like real good quality stuff, but I do have Mario played out You know what I didn't play I don't think You're crazy See the fact that wait a wait a wait a minute. What did I just see on there for I just did okay No, I had a great full dead is in the top 10 get out of here Guards of this before you know they they like them out there two four six their number seven There are head of Chicago and Ravana and all these others But what you say in Ravana I see in her fan of there are head of I hate a whole bunch of really good. I can't believe that that's disgusting by the way It's big ones the only CD got a verusment or something It's you all I have sitting right here. Okay. I was just curious I got every CD that as they ever made and something I was thinking about there in the works Erusment There good. Yeah, okay So I just noticed every song you're playing. I think it is from that Right, that's right. I'm not gonna. Was you know, that's like work Plus most of my CDs are right there by you guys. I've already stole it Yeah, I'm sure you have in Lauren's Hamilton because you won't see me no more no more Do you think I'm coming back there or dream on Excuse never skew ask you did he say ask you know I think it's badass voice facts Maybe rip it out skew yeah exactly come on You fast it that's bad That's really bad. Yeah, I got all the aerosmiths CDs. Arustmith is my favorite See this isn't your favorite it's the best of all time and doors with me I say with doors number two, but they are the best two innocent. I like eros Better personally plus and I don't know I got complaining about the doors I don't even have like my fire here. I don't have that one I've got the doors the soft parade. Okay, and the only like four hits on that's there There you go now we're talking So there you go. I think that's no I'm better grunting by some more doors. I guess But what I'm 24 for the doors the best American band of all time And we've been sidetracked by too much crap. Normally it's lost van Lost van van we got 880 votes. We'll do 900 easy, right? We might actually get to the 920 mark Dora's 124 equals 114 error Smith 1112 everybody else up the pretenders. Oh, speaking of that When they very build them all and they don't come any better than Todd Keller Real American A-holes We salute you Mr director of the federal emergency management agency Mr director We've learned one thing in the wake of hurricane Katrina is not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown Apparently nothing and that's what's left of the gold coast 52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government But you've created so much red tape the victims won't we see the two money bras Like a radio When all is said and done you will lose your job faster than you can say E-colour and if there's any justice in this world you'll be calling the use and after don't home to So we salute you Mr director of a federal emergency management agency your clipboard your stupid Navy blue FEMA shirt and your comover You are real American A-holes I come from politics My name are they died in the easy and I raised cash for the team Oh You'll put no blame on me But they come from my vacation or I'll follow up or two Swing your partner rounded round now build a little swimmer through the war with sounds swim to the west to the right here We go a little mud out those you don't Oh Easy Money 7 or 2 we have more from New York I guess to a clock in the mad dog in the Maryland baseball in the UK and all this stuff don't have no dolphin football this weekend Oh, geez I see in the US in the Gallup poll released yesterday in the kids if you were the half Americans believe the West will win the Iraq war and 55% of those survey It said it should speed up with draw plans as in now only 21% of the US Definitely would win the war in Iraq which began when you were will we know about that 20% said the US was capable winning an Iraq But probably would not and 34% they considered the war in Iraq was unwindable But you like that With a large anti-war demonstration plan outside the White House this weekend Bush said yesterday the United States can lose an Iraq only if we lose our nerve and abandon the mission and we'll all wind up in Abu Ghara That's what he says some mumbo jumbo like that or mumbo gumbo jumbo That's because he's spent a lot of time in all means That water is a poor in there against really bad those poor bastards on the roads in Texas again There's one word to describe this evacuation process has been going on these lines couple of days. That chaos Oh, yeah, I keep seeing that word popping up in all these stories chaos nice job boys WCWM Yeah, oh, the deal speaking oh, Neil John. Yes I just wonder for it got a car for sale. I got a conversion of ammo white one. Okay, great very funny. John WCWM. Oh That was Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for you. Oh, okay Blue oyster calthere you go. I'll get a voter too. All right. Thanks. Blue oyster calthere you say What am I blue oyster calfowing? Did they yeah what about let's see Who did wider shade appeal? Purple hair. Purple hair. What about purple hair? It weren't America Really? I don't know well better. Welcome up Oh We're sure help following They are beyond it. What's wrong with them? They're gonna start the gap They're still a great thing It's one of those you'll get bloodshed Purple hair is to make it in that toy. All right What's wrong with him? Please do it like that. I mean, why don't shade appeal? What's wrong with him? He's still doing huh? Yep Okay, I said I put that. Don't overdo it. Fine. No more of these music shows man. They hate all around the pulvering in the other day about the things they hate me talking about music Didn't do all that when they're not that shabby, you know? When they pay they just don't want to hear my music that I like and I can easily understand that because they have that taste They also like to know ice cream. How about vanilla ice? WCWM Hello 2 a.m. Ola Yes sir. How you doing? I'm doing sensational Obviously too. I just wanted to call it you know that That's what we're talking about CNN You I don't even know what it was or it was a sponsor but about winning the war and I rack I mean I guess I'm a little unclear as how we win that war We knock out Saddam push to clear victory and about a year and a half ago and we're still there So I'm not like seeing it. So we have this man mission accomplished at that point. They should have said okay We're all done now. I'll go home One suggestion for the poll Great you against the machine I don't know if you're a big fan or not but I like him particularly because a clear channel or clear channel Basically would recommend the radio stations to keep them off the air because they're too political and the drum up to the uh I rack war so well that's my love for that we'll have a lot okay. Thanks, Sally Take care. Okay. Raise against a good my scene mine. I will okay. That's what they're gonna be doing. There's big protests this weekend And they're gonna be round and everybody up and put them in the who's cow no doubt and get all Benauta shape This administration don't take no purpose kind of like Hitler the same kind of mentality and like Matista Fascista About your friends. Tell. Sorry best American Well it was live you know. Yeah, it was they were raging. Yeah, raising Cagin Okay, I'm sure that's a Josh to care of that. I did and George and tough those potty notes Angel find for it. Yeah, that the very first words out of them out was Yeah, come any QAM hello what about Jimmy and the Spanish up Get out of here Jimmy had race band get out Nobody ever talks about Jimmy Henry with a band do they no headbed He's picking out Willie Nelson again The best American right and then we'll do the best American country music not although I did like that patchy climate kind of like a little trip to a memory lane Patsy climb. What was the big deal with her? Who's I? No, who's all right? WQA and hello QAM What you gotta give the great foot dad bro? They suck just like you man Just pathetic people like we were trying to matter before the show today people like Woody Graber with ponytails You know old burnout hippies. They're the ones where they're grateful dead crab Although I do love Ben and Jerry's ice cream so why what's wrong with the grateful dead, right? Well, would like their taste and food I mean how about so how about fish food? How about fish? Okay, if you weren't no I'm not I'm off of that stuff I've often been in Jerry in fact. Isn't it amazing that I've made the I'm in versus myth that because you know I was adamant at a man-tine about the ice cream thing about how Ben and Jerry's was by far away the best and Hagen does suck and now that Hagen does come out with a couple the Hagen is Rocky road is no That bad but the Hagen has been in and not that is where it's at holy moly raman That's just a dick to don't even don't even think about getting any and especially if somebody doesn't bring you some Don't even think about putting it in your mouth of the ice cream either it is just Dictive to die for now if you don't like manners then you won't feel like that But you know me I have this thing for manners Oh Nice word is flooded out New Orleans again. What do we tell you we talk about this all day yesterday? Well, they were keeping their eye in the sky was the oh I in the sky Yeah, you know in person's projects I already know what they are. Are they a band or they American? I don't know if they're American or not. I do love the eye in the sky though There are some reports of overflow on the other side of the industrial canal. There was a smaller Preaching that area shorter in length and I would excited suspect although we haven't had been able to layer eyes on it Because of access take on you can spam and look at the water just pouring into the city Are you seeing that? I'd have holy moly the livi's let us down again Cow's potato that name is Suresh Suresh Jochem broke the Guinness World record for the longest time spending spent watching TV He finished last week with 69 hours and 48 minutes. I've been sitting on the store for a week and what my words are just burning Jochem did his TV viewing in the lobby of WBC TV as part of the Guinness World record breaker week on Live with Regis and Kelly. Oh Kelly Rippa sitting on a brown leather couch who watched nothing but ABC shows of course I'm gonna be a little tired of watching TV after this. Jochem told me a pee by phone during a break Rules for the couch potato honor as stipulated by Guinness allow for a five-minute break every hour and 15 minutes break every eight hours The viewer must otherwise be constantly looking at the screen the hardest part Jochem said on Regis and Kelly was I couldn't watch the people The many waving passes by on the street outside the ABC studio Jochem who lives in Toronto But heels from Sri Lanka well that figures now holds more than 16 Guinness records including the longest duration balancing on one foot 76 hours and 40 minutes and bowling for 100 hours He doesn't he says to raise the awareness of suffering children What is a bowling for a hundred hours have to do with raising awareness? You have any idea? Well he gets your attention by doing that and then he says consider the suffering children. I see Anyway, listen to what I'm about to eat from Sri Lanka. You know Sri Lanka a little a turn that sits under India Look at that water. I'm watching this and it's just a flat were guests. You already people out here listening look at your little radio speaker Look at that area prepared to turn on the pumps upon believe it's consultation one in six in the lake or in Love you board area the water is traveling through the canals to get to that area Yeah, there's not sufficient water there from a certain pumps, but they will be able to turn those pumps on and pump it out Free wrap and I'm trying to one thing to see that that global warming or God is really peoed man He is pissed off big time He's got a real ass to grind and he not just gonna sit back and put up with this crap Whatever's going on. I think Bush has got a lot to do with it. I want you? Absolutely. Yeah, this fascist regime in the land of the free and this supposedly so religious holy or roler nation man Flour nation under God my ass 1927 votes we got on the pole. Let's let's review it. Okay, so that these people won't the calling with repeats Because I know we're gonna take a whole bunch of calls between now and two are we? Who's the best American rock now? Let me just say this very quickly and we didn't go like to like put You know the four tops on here or I mean somebody called him with a lot like Jimmy Henry. She's not a group Because we already did that motown thing right your favorite motown Yep, and I think we have to separate them from rock bands, you know and they weren't bands They were like singing groups or the band was the punk brothers Where if you saw the movie you appreciate that if not the mama who is the best American rock band of all 10 the doors 126 the Eagles 118 arrows with 118 look at the I mean that is you could throw a blanket over me You know especially Jimmy fan here in 1962 the beach boys 51. Oh, they're not rocked there pop well, you know what pop this I'm in brothers 42 the grateful dead 38 38 great grateful that all guys with ponytails Probably with bad hangovers to Chicago 34-linners Skinner 29 Nirvana Nirvana 27 the band 25 Tom Pettie and a heartbreakers 20 and Ramon's 19 Metallica 18 the Red Hot Chili peppers 18 steady day in 16 that that's enough to make me lose faith in the human race Earth wind and fire 16 kiss 15 ZZ top 13 Jeff is airplane 13 Fleetwood Maca dozen a dozen talking heads And they're all on QAM a couple of it. I would Joel CCR Greetings, dear what a revival 10 the birds 10 Dave Matthews band 7 journey 7 Von Jovi 7 oh God R. E. M. Only six are you kidding me there from Athens, Georgia by the way Michael Sine five sequence server bullet band five guns and roses for Boston for sublime for C. R. I'm a little too esoteric and probably a little bit too gay But I say Bob see your five guns and roses for Boston for sublime for Green Day three the cars three do be brothers Only a two friends that pop here grand funk railroad to the mama's and a pompous two Ellis Cooper to the turtles to 38 special finding out a pair Rage against the my the good machine man is got one Steven or band one the pixie's one Bill Haley in the comments one. See at Oja Gloy's your cult Black Sabbath Lincoln Park Stone Temple Palace love and spoon for their all-like Joel station. He all got the big oh This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 17 17 11 Oh, the heart hurt. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. I don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. With President of... Oh, the light is too strong. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go milyon every time I see! They are one and one. And one there. You're so crazy, man. Love her then me and the blue. Please, President, you're so... You don't care what it is. You got him in by her first call. You're a Christian, right? Oh, what's best? You and I are the whole country. We've got a great leader. With President's help, the shit you've heard. I'm not a Christian. I'm not a Christian. I'm a Christian man. But he's finally made it. I'm a Christian. Right, I would want to be pushing you. I want to put a lot of pressure on this crowd. Anyway, and we did what? 7.48th the first time. So what does that tell you? Well, first of all, we got a whole lot more groups on here. I don't know. We only had that limited list the first time. I don't know. Why? We sure as hell we didn't know what the hell we were doing. Did we back in the day? Anyway, I know what the very jackass is. They want to be finally got around after all. They used to get off his fat, pudgy, ass and write a real column here. And it held us morning. Some real heavy duty stuff. It's got everybody fomin' at the mouth and Josh, if you look at those stats under, somebody number two on the most red list today and by the time the weekend and Zilla or tomorrow whatever. It'll go zooming to the top. Right? Right, but just like the one about motion is, what's the problem is coming back again? Was this so big yesterday? In fact, more and more, we're like, got a Zidian reads on that. Anyway, if you missed Barry's column, and I read it at the beginning of the show, I don't want to read the whole thing. Again, because that would be a really bad. But it's got, you know, it's about sports talk radio and software is more like a so popular in this one. It hates that one and Mo and Neil and Mad Dog and Hank and the John Stubot, so we knew when Joe Rose and Dan will have mastered and all these other people. Which I want to be honest with you, you hear about how a lot of ink to people with no numbers. But that's okay to the same thing for the fan, 1980 on the dial back when they were on here on the front page. No, I said, I hear anything to get to us, you know? I think they'll do anything to hurt us. I think you're right. The Harold. And so, you know, it's a year and a year and a year and give in the take and whatever and whatever goes around comes around. And so they're going to hurt us and we hit him back and we hit him right where it hurts in a pocket to their, Tony Balloni radio partner, they're 790 and Tony Balloni is the word. Friends came out today, by the way, we went back up a little bit here, we did okay. And that other place, 790. Oh, great. On the toilet. I mean, they couldn't break a two-sharp. They're like, you held a gun to their head. But anyway, Joel Feinberg, the big hot shot of whatever he missed your eager to see. Well, it's supposed to rip him like a Roger's Rift Square, Gweed. Anyway, he's got a great line here after what said, QM would like to lure Joe Rose back, but he's a happy where he is. Feinberg says, Joe is going nowhere. He has an on-compete clause. He hates WQAM. QM is willing to do anything to hurt us as Joel Feinberg. Let me repeat it again because I know it's staggering that an adult that a, an alleged adult would lot of money would say, WQAM is willing to do anything to hurt us. I have one response to that Joel. Yeah. That's my response. Or maybe just two simple words. Okay, you know what they are? Well, I do. I don't even play. Grow up. Bye, bye, bye.