Back from vacation today. It's the great Neo Rogers are you there? It used to be great. Well, you got today? No, we're not great. We're all we're all in the toilet. High school and Greg enjoys. We've been having me figured it out. You're one of the few finished use. Yeah, stick a fork in us. Go for a finished. We're finished. We're Scandinavian. Yeah, we're done. It's been a nice run. We're done. Don't forget everybody. Go out and vote. You get till 430 this afternoon. And all day tomorrow 7 to 7, vote yes. Don't listen to our fat ass governor and all this propaganda from the Christian coalition and the Indians and all this other Volony. This is way our some both sides have run disgraceful campaigns. But the bottom line is this. If you're if you're for fun and entertainment and you know, twice as many things that the issue which our governor is against education, which the poll shows that the overwhelming majority of people in South Florida is the number one priority. Money for education. Yeah, even if none of it stays here. And believe me, even if none of it's going to stay there. Part of it's going to stay. You know, not enough. Well, something is better than nothing. Yeah, but you know what if this thing passes this governor has a history with the bullet train with the class size mode. You know, he he rejects everything that the people want. And you don't want to listen to the red state people. This is your chances stand up and vote and vote for what you want. So, I mean, people running a lot of Greg, we didn't lynch that's what I say. And Joyce, you like can we have a package deal of packet of package, a lynching, you weren't happy with the trends. Yeah. You haven't lost it, man. By the way, a little footnote to Rich passing way by the way, a Pompano Park. Yeah. He had in his pocket he had a winning pick for ticket. So he went out of winter. Component for it. I mean, it's a horrible story. Yeah. You know, so when when Jimmy the grief, we went to a funeral and put a couple of hundred dollar mutual tickets from highly inside the coffin. So it's something to pick with him. Uh-huh. But he was still a loser. Oh, nice. Very nice. Yeah, I'm sorry. I had to pick on a guy when he's dead. Yeah, what I'm sorry about Rich. I was last week. Good guy, but he was in the now. He was really fat and he had all kinds of hard problems. And, you know, you can only fool mother nature so long. But he was a great guy with a big heart. Wow. No, no. Yeah. See, well, guys. Very sad story. No, no, no, no, no. Talk Thompson, you know. I did a whole thing on Chuck earlier. When I was working at J&O in Palm Beach, 1975, I met Chuck Thompson. Yeah, I was where playing the West Palm Explosive. What about a hell of a, well, we had going there. And I met Chuck Thompson. And what's his name, Milo Hamilton, which everybody hates in life, poison. I thought he was a pretty good guy. Oh, he was a terrific guy. Chuck and go old Donald used to be a great combination on oil. You know what, I was, I talked about the earlier in my show, and you know, that, you know, signature voices like Chuck's, they're all gone. Most of them are gone. Well, that's what I keep talking about. And of course, punk's there like Josh Cortis. Oh, no, you're wrong. You know, I'd like to know one broadcast. It was coming along in the last 20 years who's going to be like legendary, like a Chuck Thompson or my little Allen or a Bob Prince, or any of the great, great, great, great Carrie that we grew up with. They just don't exist. They're cookie cutter guys now. Or they're terminally coma inducing like they've been boring, which of course, Josh can't talk about that because he has to sit there and keep poking into ribs to keep him awake during the game. Well, that's exactly what I was talking about. You know, is the lack of signature voices in this round. You know, you think about it. Sunny was a signature voice in the movie. And really, we were was the signature voice of the dove. And I think Mad Dog became very associated with the dolphins. And I'll tell you one other guy and that's, you know, what's his name? He reads. Oh yeah, not great. And roll the watch's name. Not great, but Eric Reed. I forgot Greg's name. Actually, it was Eric. I wanted to say you're trying to forget. They'll be good move. But Eric Reed has been the original. He's a representative mental health. It'll be a great game forever. But Eric Reed has been the heat senator from the beginning. I wonder if we can get a hold of Luca Brotsie, you think? He was sleeping with a fish. I got a package deal for him. He sleeps with a fish. He sleeps with a fish. Joyce and Greg. But anyway, you were saying that. I don't like Eric Reed. He talks to his teeth. I don't like guys. Yeah, he would be very good if he stopped doing it. But he won't stop talking to his teeth. He does that, you're right. He does do that. And I don't know why because he's very, very good broadcast. He talks to his teeth. He does that. He's having a shower. But he's the guy who's been the heat guy. But the marlin. I know he's not. No, he's not. Are you forgetting Dave Halberstein? What is wrong with you? No, no, no. Eric was always, he wasn't always to play by play guy. By the way, he started his analyst. And he became the play guy. Yeah. And he, and he's been the TV guy. How he was the radio guy until he got screwed over. And meanwhile, the guy they brought in is no improvement. Believe me. Right. How easy the guy? I love how he brings home and touch and fit the station. No, no. That's in. Yeah. Well, Neil, I went to Gulf Stream for the first time on Saturday. Really? I wanted to do the show. But he did show ID to show that you're old enough. I had to do the ABC show from there on the fount of youth. Yeah. And I hit five exactas in a row. But I'm not going back until I have you. Why not going to talk dollars? But I had two very good days of woodbind over the weekend. I'm back. So you had to arrest. Because he was. And by the way, Governor Fan asked, there's no crime. It would buy in OK. It's beautiful. It's clean. The money is poor. And there are people having a good time. They got a beautiful restaurant. Everything is great. You couldn't ask for a safer place in a world. There's no pig pockets. There's no crime. So all of this crap. What was the last time you were racetrack? Have you ever been raped in Las Vegas? No. I mean, either. I know somebody who was. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. I can't make sense. No. No. No, no, no. Yeah. He's been raped in it everywhere. So at least he's consistent. I won't lose too much to say after no. In fact, he might have had some impact on our numbers. Right, though. Yeah. He might have done that to him. And he might have done that to him. Oh, I think that's a good thing. I would do we want to rehash all of that. Nobody has any idea where anybody was on. We went to, yeah, just a nightmare. Awesome first. I think that from what I understand, it was a big, big Spanish language, you've worked with. What would that happen? Real radio is where they can excuses now. No. But real radio stations will send a message to that. You know, to the people who take the surveys. Yeah. And what that does is the next month they'll open compensating. You'll come back. That's how it works. Well, we need their help. Let's put it that way. Man, we need to rally the troops. Send a message. Okay. Like Joey Zazak. We're sending them a message. Jesus. I just want to offer here. We're hanging on to a like an anchor man. We just hanging on by our thumbs. I'm going to Greg and Joyce, you idiots. He's on vacation again. By what? Can't stand these people are always on vacation. He's on vacation again. Yeah. From what? You think I get a lot of vacations for everyone. I get he gets like 10. From life. From reality. He's going to the hiding again. You know. Well, there's a crisis on. Take to good time when the trend came on. Man, you can't complain about our numbers. We don't have any. Oh, should be an interesting show today folks. Wait until you hear my pull. Well, you'll be listening. You'd like my pull anyway. Yeah. I'll be listening. That's what I hear. Okay. Well, listen. Don't lose. Don't forget to let him vote a couple of times. Yes. Yes. Yes. And Mickey's aerosol with his cruise ship finnores a seal all the money that it is still outrageous and so criminal. And how come Jeff Bush isn't screaming about that? How come our fan asked Governor is not better shave about that crap? He can't control things with their phony baloney. Yeah. There you go. He can't control it. Big deal. See he doesn't want it. Private education. Get any money here or public education. He wants it. All going to his procural. He's a Christianized. All those go in to get all the money. That's what he wants. What did I say to the beginning of the show? Go out and vote against the goiim tomorrow. Right. There you go. And like Alan Finkelson, my dear friend from Pompatoparki used to say there's only one problem in the world and that's too many glam. Have a great day. Good to know. I'll be listening. Watch. Watch. What's all this? That ritual might be my mother. I see the CDS evening news with Dan Ruther reporting from CDS News headquarters in New York. Good evening. We've been rather Republican. In shocking news, today, this report has just confirmed that President George W. Bush is arranging the potty up. But God is just looking with your man and his stone. No, really, we didn't meet up this time. According to the rituals, we are most hate for court against it made several years ago. President Bush needs clearer indicating that he may have tried marijuana, if sometimes in the past. This sparkling revelation makes Wayne his four-inch speech, questionable intelligence, and this occurrence from national guard duties during the Vietnam era. No, I just came to let that go. Sorry. Not wanting to say, I told his own, this reporter will take the high road and say only. And that's part of our world. The satisfying, being dictated, I hope you're having all your stupid red state best regards, Mark. Nice God, Danny. Thank you. Do you realize when this is last in this cast? Yeah. You have a 90's here. Easy. Even if people watch the Broke-all, watch that fascist Brian Williams now. Who's the guy on the, I don't even watch ABC. Peter Jennings. So we can look. What do we get there now? Did you talk about these trends at all or was a dust stick when the night is out? I didn't have the monthly, the actual monthly. Right. So, you know, I said they were bad, but I didn't realize. Bad. Wow. How does sense to him or you to all of the last week? Bad. Deathnell. Remember that thing in network? I see I keep going back to network as it was about broadcasting. What a horror horrendous business it is. And Robert Dohaal was going about deathnell. Remember that? When Howard Beard was on the, we want the Saudi deal stopped now. Is it interesting? We want the Saudi deal stopped now. How do I get right? Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices, by the way. But you're all people remember to mention that every day last week. Thank you for those low gas prices. Mr. Nazi. And by the way, if the terrorist don't get you then the American soldier certainly will. Is they have this? We have our ways of doing it. Okay, look at the stupidized trend. I don't even know if we want to bother with them. Okay, we're done. And of course it's interesting to see, you know, burdened coins when I was met. Was that wood by that one night? And he was there, sitting next to me, playing the class? And he kept the hum, he kept like undone. I'm done. I was like, okay, he didn't. I'm done. That's what we've done a Q.A.man. We've come on done. Guess who Greg enjoys, Joyce and Greg. So anyway, in case you missed when we're doing a little cross-dressed there with a Humper, Chuck Thompson orials voice for nearly 30 years. I'm sorry to mad at 83. Chuck Thompson was great. Did the Colts and the Orials? He did the broadcast of the Colts Giants Championship. That's before the Super Bowl, 1958. He was just fantastic. He was great. He had a very distinctive voice. He was just, he did the 60 TV call on the World Series. When Maserowski at the home run on the bottom of the tent, or whatever was to win again in a series. Chuck Thompson was great. Another great legendary dead broadcast. What a shame. I'm like Hank was saying these absolutely correct. It's quite a lot Josh is saying you're about how Dave and Boring's a great Hall of Fame broadcaster. Why do you want to kiss in his ass, huh? So how's Roxy Bernstein? I haven't met him yet. No, I don't mean we'll have him to hurt him. Yeah, I've heard him. And he's pretty good. Well, good. Thank God we got somebody on there doing a little play by a player. Color or something. He does little play by play too, right? Yeah. He'll call him. Is he as good as Boog? Boog's pretty good on that. Not on the air, but. Yeah, I'll take Boog, but he's exciting. He's exciting. He's exciting. He's working with Dave and Boring. Well, thank God we got a little bit of balance in there anyway. Jesus, thank the Lord for that. Okay, what kind of a silly ass told the George do on Friday here? By the way, great job George. Oh, you're sweet. I didn't hear any of it, but I heard it was great. It's always great. Okay, I'm putting this thing out. Whatever you did. I'll be different. We got Terry Polo today. She's a, she's all right. She's famous. She's very famous for face videos similar. She's a little on that Paris Hilton's skanky skinny nose kind of look and her body. She's got great boobs. Right. She's a little bent. Yeah. She looks like she's got that. What is that wasting away? Does he, I don't want to get him that. That's incestive. But, no, seriously. I don't think she's got that. From like the, the puppet down. She's got that like her, and that's terrible. But that's what, let's like she's got. But her, but her boobs are fantastic. So all you boog guys, which is most every guy, except of course. Yeah, those. She was born June one, 1969 and Dobra Delaware. What a horrible place. Dover downs by the way, they have huge�orses there. You want to know why? Why? Because they have sloths. Woodbind and Mohawk. They have huge�orses there. You want to know why? I don't know. They have sloths. I see. Anyway. Terrible. Is it meat to fuckers, which of course is almost current. It's recent movie. Meat to fuckers. Folkers. Beyond borders 2003, aka. Giantsites, our Grinton. Ooh. Even just saying that. Give me goosebumps. At all. Giantsites, our Grinton. With her TV series, straight from the heart TV, second-string TV, domestic. She's got a resume that goes back now. Well, she 36-boy. She's done a lot of work. Mostly TV. Any movies? Yeah, a little meat to parents. Quick. The girl. Asked an extreme past away. Mystery date. Born to ride. Northern exposure TV series. The arrival. Anyway, that's who she is. Terrible. Meet to fuckers. You know who she is. Take a look at her if you want to. And if not, I can't believe you had that pair of Sultan Schmutz on our website. It will want to make a large conversation. That was a big deal. Oh, my lunch would come up with conversation if her name was involved. That's much because of the boobies, but because of the fact she was making out what that girl. So, my dad. Who cares? Who cares? Is the audience really that desperate? Oh. By the way, I just thought I printed this pull out. Oh, here it is. Here's your pull from Friday. Why do I have to print it out? It's only like 10 choices on. Right. Who's the biggest whore? 1713 votes. The National Media 550. I guess you forgot about broadcasters, huh? No, I didn't. The National Media 550. And quarter 391. And in the course, myth 171, Jose Consocco 152, Kobe rise wife Vanessa 137. The money herald 105. That's the anxious money herald. Matt Drog. She's got 73 Miss Fudge. Hi, name. Heidi Flys 54. Colin Powell 44. Roland Colin. He should have been up there at the top. Yeah. Talk about a sellout. Late edition. And you leave her men 36. Oh, that case of direct. So, okay, that's what's being that. Todd requisite in this morning. So, if I sound a little bit off my feed. But that's the first time in a long time. That little love. Piece of turds been in there. You know what? Suck it around. Go away, Todd. 1013 and 560WQAM where we are not Swedish. We're not Norwegian. We're not Dutch. We're finished. Oh, no. No, when I was a kid. Oh, my friends, just come on over to my place. Cause they knew my mom and been down to Windixie. She'd always have something good. For all of us. They were all of us. One day my sister found the doll running through the store. How did he guess it? Windixie. Nowadays though, things are getting tough. Ever since Windixie and Blair Bank wrote this, Vince Limpick and Ski. Good thing Mama went belly up for Windixie Theatre. And what a killer. But everybody still comes over to my place. And all those are never to get in there. Wait, no, I was liplucks. Something good. Windixie, come here. Did you read the tender? I said, something I learned to create. And if anybody complained about hair in their food, we'll just blame it on Windixie. Ten 18, that's a beautiful thing. In five 60 WDQM, our new poll is up. Can WQM recover from gridweeds, latest blunders? Or are we doomed? Are we doomed? Yes, yes. Here's the choices. Yes, I love the new lineup. We'll be back. That's what there was a tougher try to talk each other. And the industry started to scrap all of it. It was a heavy Hispanic month. Yeah, right. How long were these kind of excuses? They're a fly, huh? When you get the kind of numbers that we had, is the first time I've been on the market almost 30 years now. But third of me. At first time I ever had a monthly rating trend where it had a minus in front of all of our numbers. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Like we owe points. Anyway, yes, I love the new lineup. Don't care. I only listen to the new. We got that bunch. A great as a genius. Yeah, I've got to make a belvoats for that. And a couple of the other sucklings in a bully, man. No, you've jerked around the audience too much. The student business was the end for Greg. The horseshoe and four of the clover must have fallen out. That was my vote. Greg must have stood up real fast and like, oh, they both fell out. Or it waxed you with a story you guys. You know, every possible angle on a right there. Because this trend, especially after all the changes in all the format, and we got Moa wanted this time. And Mad Dog is he coming. Is he staying? Is he leaving? Is he on two to four? Is he on four to seven? Who's on first? Is most staying? Is he leaving his gullies? So they ever get to hell off the year already when it's quicky voice? What's going on over here, huh? And then they put stern on here. They let him build up a little momentum, even though they screwed us over big time. And then they, yeah, came off all of a sudden and put Hank in there. And like all of a sudden, bingo. Magic's going to happen. Well, like I keep telling everybody's like you're in a horse race. There's seven horses in the race. You're the best horse by far. The gate opens you open up a five length lead. You're coming around the turn. The rest of the field. They left him in the dust like secretary in a bell-mont. And all of a sudden, ah, they blow to whistle. I guess what? You gotta go back to the big-end start all over again. Everybody else, they can keep on going. They got their Moa momentum going. You gotta go back to the big-end start all over again. Well, how many times can you do that? How many times can you overcome that handy crap? But, sir. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Wow. And look at that phone. You see this tremendous response we got here on this phone here this morning? That's tremendous. This audience ought to be worked up into a frenzy. I know you've probably exhausted all the intellectual colors last week. Right. And drove everyone else away. No. Well, what made everyone else? It's all we can't elect them. It's your intellectual crowd. Now that I'm going to face the whole week. And they heard they heard this old sag voice made it all. We're out of here. WDQAM are only called. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? What's the matter? What's the matter with one? Hey, Neil. Yeah. The total number of bills. They were, they were on 17 WGBS and the early 70s down here. We know all about them here too. Well, that's right when he or else he was to train right. What about the, but they had them the whole season down here on the radio. Right. And then let's see the other channel. 710. CBS. Can I know another story there at WGBS? And who the other guy was red rush with the white socks? Because they were on KAT. Uh, white socks are probably my lower handle than. No, no, no. Red rush and somebody else. Bob Ellson. Bob that. Here the best. Yeah, sir. I'm just one of the so that's going to send WGBS. Bob Ellson. He's dead too. Yeah, everybody's dead. Sorry for that. Well, sooner or later, we'll get us all. Good luck to you, pal. How do you like that? Somebody we're spending the Chuck Thompson dying. All right. What a great broadcast. He's no day man boring. Thank God. I got news for you boys and girls. I got a whole new altitude. How do you like that? I'm holding nothing back. I'm letting it all hang right up. You know what I mean? I'm so sick and tired of me the equity involved in this crap. We're surrounded. We're drowning in a pool of swill. By the way, good movie shattered with Tom Beringer and Bob Hoskins. Did I see that? What was that about? It's about a guy who was in his terrible car crash. And he forgot his wife and everybody in the center and so on. I've got to want to spoil his family. I'm familiar. And a wife only got like a couple of superficial scratches and he was like a, and they did ticic surgery. It's got so many twists and turns and it's pretty damn good. I'll check it out. Tom Beringer is usually pretty good. The only one bad movie he was ever in. You know what that was? No, I forgot. It was Eddie and the cruisers. Oh yeah, you're right, boy. Yeah. He was an iron man. Tom Beringer is always in good movies. But this one's very good. He played that in the cruisers. He was in it. Okay. He was one of those. It was docked in a way. I don't know. I don't know. I know the names of the characters that he in the cruisers. A long ago there wasn't that. I know that the frog guy was in there. What that was his name, Michael Perray. Was he Eddie? He was Eddie. Michael Patte. Yeah. Because he called me. It would be his. So Tom Beringer, Bob Hoskins and Shatter. If you're looking for a DVD to render buyer steal, pretty good. I'd recommend it. Tyler. I. Salassey. WQA and hello. Your finish station were done. Stick a fork in his baby. You're going to finish. I'm sick. Two seconds after you guys are talking about the vote for tomorrow. You guys are running a spot with the governor. Don't want to hear that. I can't say anything to your next spot. It'll like sewer. You guys are idiots over there. Knock it off. Yeah. Right. Thank you. I'm not going to say that. How can we accept that money, man? We'll take anybody. That's what a bunch of horrors we are. Put in that fat ass governor. You're a son there. Talk it about crime. Let me tell you something, Mr. Hachat. How much crime do we have at the fair mutuals right now? No. Go to Woodbind. I have never heard of a go there about nine months. Have I even heard about a pick pocket about it? No. In addition to which they don't hire private police, they hire their own private security. Which they pay for. How do you like that? So here's another bush who lies and lies and lies. In addition to which I thought he was governor of the whole state, also 67 counties. And he's in Dayton, Brown County, putting ads on the air about well, you're going to be helping pay for education for the rest of the state. So, be real. Okay. We'll take our peace. Those loved ones could use a good. Yeah. And here's the governor was supposed to be everybody's governor. What about the course he's a lame doc anyway? Can't run again. So it doesn't have to worry about the rest of the state finding out. In addition to which when they have people find out what he says behind a certain place, it doesn't make any difference. They don't hold against them. Like that crap about his devious plans to subvert the public. So it's 75% of the people on South Florida, the number one priority is education. So here's your chance to create millions and millions of dollars for education all over the state, including South Florida. And I want to downside the downside is that there's going to be less business for the grave robbing Indians and for Mickey Erison. And that's 50 more reasons to vote tomorrow or today if you want to go to the 430. Don't take it for granted. It's a homperous case. Don't just sit back in a soon that it's going to pass by a landslide because you're only going to get a fraction of the number of people voting this time that you had vote in the presidential election. So it all let those born again fanatics in the bush crowd go out there and defeat this because this is basically your last chance to emancipate South Florida from the rest of the state. That's basically what it's all about. We got two different states. We got a bunch of Bible-thumping redneck lunatics born again, hypocrites, beer, swigin, booze, liquin, whatever the hell they're doing. Sister-in-law. Right. That's it. I wonder how that governor's coke head daughters doing by the way. I think she's doing pretty good. I think she's certainly late. I think she's sung a last no well if he asked me that bitch. You're a fire. You're a fat ass liar, jab bush okay. It runs into family man. You're a loser. You're brothers of booze or you're a loser. How do you like that? And your wife by the way is a smuggler. And your son is crazy than a bedbot. Right. You're a cop. Other than that. Yeah. Rumor I heard is that when he goes to the beach with that thong he wears he's got a crack problem. That could be true too. Jab bush. Comes down here. Just go back to tell a hackie with a band you own you need to mind your own business without your cracker friends up there in the legislature you loser man you lunatic. And let the people of South Florida make up their own mind. And vote 20 or 30 times tomorrow. Cut the crap. All those one are bad. It's going to be the other. It's okay if the Indians are got him. That's all right. But if we have them at the paramutuals then the world is going to come to wood and as we used to know it. God forbid that people might have a little bit of entertainment some excitement going on and that we increase the person so we have quality racing all year round. God forbid that good things like that should happen in South Florida or they've have an air be place elsewhere they put in the slots from the overdons to Ontario Canada every race track we got here to you name it everywhere. But anyway, I get a little bit too whipped up. I think so. I'm going to have to do with that by the way. I think so. I love that. 27 after 10 and 5 60 WQM where we're finished. I've been to Helsinki. It's a really great place. The people they're beautiful. I know. The ones I've said. Wow man. Famine. Well, he's a better has he had me. Oh, he got the money from his daddy. Oh, and in my said, I feel proud. Oh, or with the agenda that's proud me. Oh, well he's a better has me than me. No, but they're feeling. Oh, oh. That is a present that you've done. Who doesn't have to run? No one else is going away. He might as well just go right in. He has a golden spoon. He was born with a disaster. So look out on you, you've got ready for the gas. He's a better has he had me. Oh, and I have our table right from where he. Oh, why did the tower has me? Oh, a better has me. Oh, a better way. Well, he's a better. Well, he's a better. I do with very bad disputes who never pay the dues. I make their will all be screwed. She called. She called. She called. She called. And he's fucked with wind that rain. Against buddy, but they weren't doing a thing. They call it Cuba. The Torio and he breaks. He's a better has me. Oh, feel like they take a thing. That's me. Oh, yeah, he's a better has me. Oh, a better way. Oh, let's do step. Come on. Maybe we can just have a big oxygen for the raise money for a vacation that way. The governor's wife can smuggle it all the visit she wants. Bindians as dollars work. What do you say, huh? All right. A more complete. So we're in solid. Or maybe no well can just sell some of that could powder, huh? Or maybe they can all take a powder. Something good idea to me. What? What a bunch of crap, man. But we'll see what happens. I think it's going to pass. Probably we've got to get out there and vote vote. Yeah. Vote. Yes. I said, boy, that was bad. That was an act of what's his name? W. Vote yesterday tomorrow early and often. Okay. Then vote no on Wednesday. If you're against it, you get to vote on Wednesday. If you're for it, you get to vote yesterday tomorrow. Do you know that? All right. Let me say again. If you're for this loss at the apartment, you're tools. You vote of our youth vote. And then you vote. Yes. If you're against it, you go Wednesday and vote no. Okay. Got that? Vote. I did not. What? And why not? I don't know. Now let me say this. I did get jury duty again. For the second time in my life. You don't get jury duty because you vote. Okay. You don't get jury duty because you vote. They do that off your driver's license now. So unless you're willing to give up your driver's license, you're going to continue getting called for jury duty. Okay. Well, I mean, this is the second time already. And only 21. I mean, I believe I just registered to vote and I got it again. So that you don't. You don't you don't. You don't. And I just get through telling you they don't pick up a jury members by voter registration any more. They do it by drivers license. Sure. Got that? I'll bet your life on. How do you like that? Putz. So as long as you got jury duty again and you already registered to vote. You might as well vote anyhow, right? Tomorrow. All right. Now let's see. Here's a thing. Let's see. Previously, he had no opinion on slot machines. This thanks. I really don't care. But thanks, did you have bush. I'm going to plantation court house today to vote. Yes. I vote and also tomorrow. And then Wednesday, if you're against the vote, no, on Wednesday. And I've tried to tell the bush supporters exactly that. If bush and the right wing Christians are against it, then I'm forward. If them says this would several 80 million explanation points. Good going. Okay. Both several times. Yes. Don't forget to do tomorrow the days for the OES votes. Now, what do we got to speak in the votes on our poll so far? We are really. And maybe I'm taking this a little bit too. But it just gets to where you are, especially when you're an old troll like I am. It gets to where you are a little bit. They have to keep going back into the starting gate and starting all your race over again. When you've run that long mile in 70 yards, you know, Jesus, K Christ. Every time we think we got things going like when we had Joe Rose back there in the spring, we somehow survived the Farella Bockel. Somehow, even though we still don't have our license renewal. By the way, to see the story on Wednesday about the shareholders, we're notified about the eight complaints. And speaking of complaints, I noticed that the unmentional one was on 60 minutes last night. I saw it within a video game thing. All right. The great Kate Crusader, baby, everything needs to be censored. censored. Let's just go to his house. He'll tell us what's not even nice. I'd like to get the real story on that whole day, you know? Oh, anyway, 94 votes can double your QA and recover from Greg Reid's latest blunders. Or are we doomed? Don't care. I only listen to the L-52. See, there's a problem with this poll. I mean, you know what that is right off the bat? The people who are gone aren't going to be voting on it. There you go. That's it. They're gone. They're all gone. They're all gone. Remember that? I actually had a play for it. I know you told me that. I didn't know that. Since you've gone. Lord, we miss you, man. We never thought we'd miss you. Anyway, don't care. I'll listen to your 52. 55.03%. Yes, I love the new line. If we could bounce back. 12 people say that. And dirty doesn't know you just jerk the audience around too much. 11. The stern business was the n for Greg. A we can only pray. The horseshoe and four leaf clover must have fallen out. Meaning Greg's. He must have stood up real fast. Especially when he saw these trends. All the heart and let's see. And Waxi is going to Greg as a genius. Five. Let's see. That's Maddie Bell. The water Nazi. Gary Sarner and Greg must have been Caroline. Okay. That's five votes. And Waxi will destroy you guys. Three out of 101 votes. That's what we got so far. WCWM. Hello. Definitely not radio. How are you doing? How are you doing? That movie. I think the cruises I liked that movie. It was a camp. It was hit at this moment. Now the bad one was they made you actually made a sequel to that. I saw that that was really bad. But why did you do this? What do you do? They ruined the whole idea of the first movie. Right. When he was going to the concert and he saw the guys the fake Eddie. Right. Right. Oh god. What a chuckle. Anyway. Yeah. Another movie. The one you made. Yeah. And we're going to have a shot or the movie shot or bomb danger. There's another movie that's similar to a call to tell me again. It's like a reincarnation type or something. But yeah, it's not really easy. I think it's pretty good once being a reincarnation. What about the theater proud? Yes. That's great. Michael Cersan and he knows for a video. Also, but there was a remake of Happy Remaker. That too with what's Superman's girlfriend. Lois Lane. She was in it. No. It was awful. It was awful. But the book was good. Okay. And Richie and Richie will get back to work guys. See you. Okay. Video. 560. Let's take about 40,000 causes. We call it a slabs like me. We're going to call it. We had the intellectuals last week when George was on. Do you have a lot of intellectual colors? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't fack you his gardening. Like he did to me. That was for. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The new fasting guy we had. And what's his name? The great from from hunger. All been out of shape. Don't remember. Lyle. Oh yeah. Yeah. That did a lot of continue. Excellent. We were seeing waiting for my return. He did not. Like he said he would not. Meaning what? No. He did not because because he outed himself. He made a little accident. Just like the Zodiac killer. There. He made a little bit of an accident there. One of his messages. When he mentioned John Ford. See, there's nobody in the audience who had. If they said, oh, you picked on joy Reynolds. You threw Chuck Meyer out of the buzz. Whatever. But when he threw in John Ford, it's obviously an inside deal. Right. He did both. He'd be a was John Ford only. He's too a homophobic. You're like even being involved in the anyway. Although he had. Yeah. One hell of a great show there at INZ. You think we got bad numbers. Wow. By the way, we got bad numbers. Folks were done and we're proud of it. Okay. We've come on done. I don't have that. Do you have that there? My guess who. Just don't have that. I don't think my does either. I'll be damned. I'll look at them. I'm going to infect what we're going to do is I'll go out and buy that today and it can be like our theme song. We've come undone. I got so carried away in that last thing. I flopped my thing where I'll be. I think we're off the air. Four. Engine. Neal. Roger. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. On. Ian. Hought eyes. Sarah. Michael. Will it be? I've found you, man. You've found you, didn't you? Get the two-plot. Yeah! For Yoda's new finger tip code here. Hey, and your finger tip is... Green? Uh, yeah, I'm Perselectance Boyfriend. Yeah! Just 1995, and the arts and crafts section of your favorite department store. 1046, it looks like the people who are left to listen to QM are very happy with the way things are going. How many have we got left? About third man! It's nice, Marga Lottie, by the way, she's a real jackass. She's the mayor of Hollywood, and when I get all of that out of the way, life is a beat's t-shirts a few years ago. And now she's just setting out all these letters, dear friends and neighbors, to vote against the Slantza Tomorrow, which is all I've been raising to be sure in Voting S. Five Times. Okay? Two-plot times. Two-plot times. Two-plot times. Yeah, that's right. Beech. Measureable nasty, hateful, bitch man. Uptight, old, troll is what you are, honey. You are pathetic. You're what's wrong with South Florida. I'm Mayor Galantie. What an idiot. See, when you take a look at the Christian coalition, the ab bush and Marga Lottie. When you take a look at the people who are like in it, then immediately, like the other fact you want to go out and vote for 500 times. Let me just- I know this is going to come as a great track to some people there. Nobody is going to drag you kicking in street as screaming off the streets into a casino to bet on the horses, on the dogs, on a highlight, on Slantza, anything else. Nobody's going to force you to go there. You know what I mean about that? What is it about? It's about stopping other people from doing what they want to do. Well, of course. Not only to mention that, but of course we got the- always the Semarles, they got their finger-windets, speaking of the purple finger-y-o on the end of the tip. They got their tip in it, man. Because they want the whole Pyphid themselves of which you get zero-zippity-nuda. You can talk about you, Mike Mayor Galantie, about how much the Semarles pay for whatever and how they're paying for. How much of that revenue are you getting for the city of Hollywood? How much are your schools getting? Zero. Zippity-duda, bitch. It's just amazing to me that the way that there are still some shows in that town. You want to continue sucking up the Mickey-Eursin and the Indians. I've waited though those cruise ships to know where the people are getting raped on and getting wild die or rear from the food and everything else. That's really a great way to gamble. It's go get ceased to come to cruise ship because it's illegal on the mainland. Again, of which nobody gets one dime revenue. How many times have I screamed about every single time I come back to Miami Airport? And as soon as you get out of the matter, where you're coming from, there's all these people from the cruise ships in their standing, they're with their little book in their sign, royal tour of Caribbean, whatever it is, Mickey-Eursin, the deaf lines. They slept and they followed them like a bunch of what's your calls used in the Ohio Lia for the coming goes. They follow them like sheep, right there. They take them right to the port on a bus. They don't spend one dime in the city when the county. They don't leave one penny behind for the local community. They go off there and they feel his fat pants with more money. The airwishens are the anti-christ. I'm going to turn to that right now. Anyway, here's a fact that says, Amy, you want to date line and we see that that did not George saw it. Yeah, most of it. They had an in-depth report on that slime ball, although it says here scumb **** can't see that. Benning him. Why does the government go after that jacket? Yes, speaking of taxes and phony dollars. Also, with all the fuel stations, the openers that only insulated areas. Of course, it'll all be open because tomorrow's election day, 7am to 7pm. If you're four to slots, then go out tomorrow and vote yes. If you're against the way to Wednesday, and you can vote no. Right? I got nothing to wait for. It works. Right. So I heard. So against the slots, be sure to vote until Wednesday. You watch the attack against the Titans and bagged that was delivered. I'm not going to tell you that. I mean, there's 80 million stories in the naked city on this many of which we both had on the OF sign group. I think I do located some of yours, but I'm sure that Josh being as a student as he is. I think I didn't put him on there tomorrow. I think that like the same story two or three times anyway, just to make sure. Yeah, about that. Not a bad idea. Especially if Eric saw fun as one of his wild vendors again. Now, do we ever get that straight? Now, do you have the full authority in power to do that now? I do. Especially. Right. That's good. So we don't have to depend on fat Eric up there who's busy eating below me sandwiches, shell them down his throat. And between trips to the, what's that place? Oh, what's the place? The apartment in Orlando? Did they were? Yeah, that place. The companion of free to tell in journalist Juliana Srainah. How do you say her name? Srainah. On Saturday, leveled serious accusations in US troops who fired her to conboys with military bagded airport saying the shooting had been deliberate. The Americans and Italians knew about her car coming pierced. Scalari said, I'm leaving rooms. Selyo military hospital where she started to go surgery following her return home. There were 700 meters from the airport, 700 yards, which means they had passed all checkpoints. And they were not, by the way, speeding land like some dangerous bunch of terrorists. That was a lie. The shooting late Friday was witnessed by Prime Minister Sylvia Burlusconi's or a fist which was on the phone with one of the secret service agents said Scalari. The US military silenced the cell phones. He charged. Juliana had information. The US military did not want her to survive yet. When she was kidnapped on February 4, she was writing an article on refugees from Felugia seeking shelter to bagged that mosque after US forces bond the former Sunni Rebels stronghold. She told Ry and News 24 television Saturday, I hail a bullet's rain down on the car, taking her to safety at bagged head airport, along with three secret service agents killing one of them. I was speaking to Agent Nicola Calapare when he leaned on me, probably to protect me and then collapsed and I realized he was dead than it. She said it was being questioned on Saturday by two attended med just rates. They continued shooting and the driver couldn't even explain that we were attacking. So reading was horrible, she said. After all the rest of that I've been running, I can say that I'm still fine. I thought after I was hit, I was hand over to the Italians danger was over, but then the shooting broke out. We were hit. Like I said, if the terrorists don't get you, the Americans. Well, how do you like that? I thought we would do things like that at this. Now, the voters and the election's in all these things. I don't have a quick talk about this. The idea of giving any tax break, tell Florida, Marlon, to build a new stadium in downtown Miami, rankals, voters across the state, even in South Florida, according to a new state wide poll. If you don't know what rankals means, in other words, it pisses them off. If we can reduce it to language that choice might permit, what do you say, joy? Like it says, it rankals them. In a survey of 600 voters taken for the South Florida Sunset on Florida Times Union and overwhelming majority, 82% stay wide, 82% in the Marlon's home turf of South Florida, so they have post any state sales tax rebate to help the team. How do you like that, Josh Cortis? You and your Marlon's. By the way, we got Marlon's baseball on Wednesday. We love the Marlon. Will they play the daytime? We love Malot. Right? Right, a lot. God, how are we giving it to today in Mad Dog at four? Guilty at seven. One of the, see, that's not right. And then, 80K for Miami Highlight at 10. What are we going to get? That's we give voice one out of there. See, do you know what we had at night in the trend? You do know. I do know because I'd ask. We had a point nine in January. In the month of January at night, seven of them in the weekend. Oh, point nine. Less than one percent of the audience on a sports station in men. That's in men. And I think I know what the chicken and that would pile all about. I'm not saying anyway, getting back to the Marlon's and Josh Cortis and what's your name, Roxie Brudette. Oh, this is name, Brudette. Oh, not another Jew on this day. Oh, that's right. It isn't work for us. He works for the Marlon's. Oh, the Marlon's. No, he's Jewish. Oh, to bad. You think David Samson knows that? What about Delilah? Men and women are equally opposed as our Democrats and Republicans, political independence, even though in the team will have to leave its president home and dolphin stadium after the 2010 season. I think the general consensus is, well, pack them up a lowly sandwich. How do you like that, right? Right. Even he Brunashinals is in case Roxie Brunstein's on the bus. The survey conducted February 24th of 28th by the Merlin-based research 2000 organization revealed that only voters in the Tampa area are more opposed than those that South Florida, the polls and margin of error plus or minus 4 percentage points. Ironically, this is the first year out of the last several at the legislative leadership and Governor Jam Bush and promised to keep an open mind. And this is the first year the team supporters will approach the legislature where they coordinated plan to finance and build a stadium that hoped to open in 2008. I think this is the best effort they've put forth and I've seen four of them said representative Marco Rubio, Republican-awest Miami who plans to help champion the plan during the legislative session which begins tomorrow. How speaker Alan Vence, Republican-Panamo City agreed that having the sales pitch come from local government, not the team could be a plus this year, I respect the leadership down here, Vence, to bring your Friday trip to Miami. It certainly helps. Anybody who respects the leadership in Miami obviously has got serious mental problems. That would be a nut job. Wow. Several legislators from Brunash, from Brunash and Palm Beach County say the office has been flooded with calls from baseball fans who don't want to drive the downtown enemy for a game and oppose any state help for the team. Nobody wants to go to the orange bull, I hate to break the news to you guys. Nobody wants to go there, anybody want to go there? No, no, no. We just took a poll in the unanimous word if it was absolutely nobody wants to go there. State representative Susan Butcher, Democrat from World Palm Beach, the chairwoman and all by the way, you know who was on the news last night, where the hell was he on? Mark Foley, that screaming flag from Palm Beach. Okay. Oh, it was about the time delay. Did you see that piece on the news? No. He was there screaming like he was having a hissy fit. She was having a nervous breakdown. They're not talking about that right now. This is about the poor kids in the Asia. Mark Foley, man. You know, between Charlie Christian Mark Foley and Matt Fudge and Anne Coder and all these other closet cases and then of course the one with that website. Remember that one, Jeff. What the hell is going to do? Yeah, right. Again in Duckery. Lot of real funny. Pepper grits. They're suffating flamers out there, man. Wow, including Mark Foley and of course Charlie Christ. Anyway, representative Susan Butcher says he's even filed a proposal to take away many of the existing sports related tax priests, including those for the World Golf Hall of Famous and Audit. The World Golf Hall of Fame. Are you kidding me? What the hell is that? That's a sightsear. But it's big. Oh, yeah. Spring training facilities and professional sports teams and put the money to healthcare and programs for the needy. Oh, what a bad idea. That is. Why do we care about programs for the needy and healthcare? Within the past two weeks, these city of Miami and date county, which would almost stadium was signed off on almost $420 million financing plan for a ballpark east of the Orange Bull. Guess what? People don't want to go there. They want to go there. See, we just expanded our poll. The two calls nobody wants to go there. The remaining $30 million that they need for the state would be covered with the state money. But since that, that would be paid off with interest at two million, you knew over a 30-year period. Not 30 minutes. The total state sales tax rate would be about 60 million. The anger of Susan's capony of Kiva's game, her children in ten local public school she told poll sushi is adamantly opposed to the BBA plan. I think education is more important, especially her and they, she said, we need to help our children more that we should help the freaking marlins as what she said. She didn't say freaking, but I did. I didn't like that. You go Susan, whatever your name is. What's your name? Susan. The capony. All right. 1057 at 560 WQM, the main man Anthony Kelly, and what acceptance capital mortgage knows of paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash and investing in real estate, are near the top of just about everybody's list. Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US, so it just doesn't make sense to keep all that equity tied up in your house or pay outrageously high interest rates. The main man is partnering with kids in distress, helping a beauty in the Dutch and children's south footer for 25 years. And this year, his death has donated a portion of their commission on every clothes loan for this worthy cause. What six kids have his own, the main man knows how important being a paradise so called a main man, toll free no less at 1, triple eight for a three loan. That's one triple eight for a three loan or go to the main man dot com for your application out right online no matter what your situation is, you'll find a solution to get you to the deal done. Forget about calling anybody else in a mortgage business if you want the best possible deal, call Anthony Kelly and or everybody's main man, toll free, 1, triple eight for a three loan. That's one, 888 for a three loan. You're listening to Neil Rogers, a rental on five cents. You, 888. Roger Sob. This is a blame. Any questions? This is talent who is with Jeff Dennis. The White House press corps is most trusted name in journalism. Tive just got in here with your top floor bottom of the hour right wing ground I low down. Christians rejoice. It's wrapped your mania, fearlessly to both says it a White House memo written by Andrew Card that God spoke to him last night about the rapture after reassuring fearlessly that it won't matter how bad things get. We're all gonna die anyway. He added that after taking a closer look at fat paced he read that Christian morons. He decided to leave their clothes on with the rapture go. And now these words from the front page of my website. Attention, Christian, Republican men. Are you looking for a marine? Now you're conveying the Bible. And me? Check my website for appointment availability. I'm Jeff Gatton, mailbooker.com. See, as I am, or for less than a fist full of dollars more, I can satisfy most finishes, including reading passages from Bill O'Reilly's latest text novel while Dress has a Catholic school girl. If you long to feel closer to God by saying, oh God, that's good. Let's just get him, erect a thief, a lot of your shirts. It's 11.25. 16. How are David? I'm going to die before. I'm going to die before. And guilty of seven. That's just, uh, something's gotta be done about that. I say, guilty and Greg on a package deal. I may be through a Maddie Beltum. We'll do a swap with last year. Get your words back. 226 votes can WQM recover from Greg Reed's latest blunders or are we doomed? Did it? After changing to four matter about 85 times in last three years and especially in last several months, how many different morning shows have we had since summer? About 30 minutes. How many different than the afternoon and how long do we go on for a would joys back and forth and back and forth is Mad Dog leaving? As he's staying, his mobile on two to four was young four to seven. Look at all of we know him all. You know what I mean? A mess. Absolutely. That is an extra. I'm going Greg. He's on vacation. Again, 226 votes pretty weak. Don't care. Only those than the 120. No, you jerk the audience around too much. 29. We have no chance we're doomed. Yes, I love the new line of 24. That's not too impressive, isn't it? No. Business was the end for Greg 18. Last year, we'll destroy you guys 17, which how many people they got on their staff? 17. The horse you want to formally have clover must have fallen out of Greg's uh... Brachton. Ass. Nine. And Greg is a genius nine, which means may be a vote of three more times. Now here's the fact that I don't understand because it says from Pete and Kendall. For your information, the early voting locations in date are closed today. I went to a location in the Ham Ox and what Ham is to a West Kindle vote and they're definitely closed. You can check the mommy date website to confirm. I don't know about date. I know Broward's opened, it'll 430. Okay. How come we can't find out about date? I don't know, maybe it's a little cool. Maybe somebody will call us in. Let us know about date County. I find that very hard to believe. Early voting supposed to be a bundle of 430. Definitely isn't Broward. And tomorrow 7am to 7pm. Which of course there's a lot of municipal elections tomorrow too. You know, like for dog catcher. Me or of Danya, things like that. Long gone out of law lines, Broward's electorate, soldering falls election, but voter turned out for the upcoming political contest. While relatively poor has improved in the past few days, official said yesterday. That's because George was on last week, talking a lot about Wontjre. Right. Today for the last time before Tuesday's election, 14 special polling locations elected by Broward, election supervisor Brenda Schneipes will be open until 430 to 1pm. Of course, people can still vote from 7am to 7pm to our election day. Only if you're voting yes, if you're voting no vote on Wednesday. But don't need to do so with our signed neighborhood precincts. Like any regular election, right? Right. All of voters on either hand can cast their ballots in any one of the locations that by snap sawlentiers. I'll relatively, all the relatively few voters have shown up at the early voting locations since they opened the week. So, things were picking up over the weekend, deputy election supervisor Decella Salas said, it really has been very smooth, she said. The people are taking take it in as soon as they come in. Number of voters above a beep. But above all account is voters will have a chance to decide whether to withdraw slum machines and racetracks and highlight front tons. Governor says, I know what we say yes. The question coalition signal, we say yes. The Indian signal, we say yes. Mickey Harrison says no, although very quietly behind the scenes, pool and the strings, so we say yes. At the Temerac Library, on commercial Boulevard, teenagers passed out at least in war, vote yes, t-shirts, telling voters the referendum would fund public education in South Florida. And of course, since education seems to be at least allegedly, then I'll go on issue with the people in South Florida. There's a chance to get some cash without having to go through a song to dance, okay? That is specifically earmarked. Unlike the lottery, which of course is Governor Jeb's pet project, I like the freaking lottery, which is a rip off in a scam and the money didn't go where you thought it was going to go. This is specifically going to be earmarked to go for public education. That's public education, not private, go ahead and education. Meanwhile, opponents of the measure took great hands to the early voting location at the West Regional Court House in plantation are you in the measure of sports businesses that treat racing dogs poorly? It took great hands there. I thought that we're going to take coach USA when you, I would. I would. I would. Sure. Scott machines won't be the only contest on the ballot for the county's electorate voters and 16, Broward cities will decide who represents them in city or town government and a partridge in poetry. What do I go? That's whatever that says, not much. Just get out there and do it, okay? Don't get sucked in by a bunch of scare mongers. It's always the same thing, man. In the state, always the same crap. Oh, the world's going to come to an end. We're going to have so much crime. We have to pay for all these extra police to do what? To do what? Let me say again, the security and I'm sure it'll be the same as it is to tracks. They'll have their own security there just like we do with woodbind and clam bro and it wins or at casino Ramma. All these other places. You know what they mean? What do they mean? The mafia? The mafia? Right. The mafia. You know, they're not in Florida now, but they will be of this law. That's right. Crime man. Organize crime. Bad people. Like the British family. Come in if you weigh in. Hello. Are you in believe though? I'm on with them. No, okay. Tell me QAM. Hello. QAM. That's it. That's it. This is what I got last week. What? May I please? Yes. QAM is on on the head down. They're okay. Great. Clean up your act. Speak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the horizon and singular wireless lines. Your people, man. So they got all the diaries so we took it. We took it up the old shoot. If you want to hold a numbers man, I see I don't have the numbers. It's always my fast pay. We're out on a seat. Good. We do have these monthly numbers. Man, all of a sudden, of course, when Stern got taken off here, we started all over again. We started off when he took off. What's his name? For real off here, we had to start all over again. And then when he blew up the morning, Schumputs started on the air, we had to start all over again. And then they took Stern off here. They put the hump right in there. And we had to start all over again. Plus, we had that in the term in Atlanta, who the house on first and who's on second. That went on for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks. And the question is, can we bounce back? No, I don't think so. I think we're done. I think we are well done. Like a steak at Ruth's Christmas, we've been cooked at a very high temperature. WQA and hello. QAM. I'm so great now. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. It looks so cold. QA and hello. Hi. There you go. WQA and hello. QA and hello. QA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? I'm actually glad you're running those spots with cover and check bush because we actually get the hearhouse nobody found. Yeah. And give them all more. The boat, yes. You mean our fan asked Governor, yeah? Absolutely. Oh, for the boat. Oh, yes. Okay. Thanks. Like I said, I don't think I'm thinking another couple of weeks vacation. So you think I can't say up with Greg? Well, this is a bad story about Amsterdam falls out of love with coffee shops and his little stance on drugs begins to crumble. Do you see that? No. Also I got the inquire. I got a whole bunch of stuff in there. I've got any men in all of the case against MJ starting to crumble. That's the one I'm looking to do. Yeah, that's that. You don't tell me that the California is going to blow another one. One of these, they can't get anybody can record out there now. Bobby Blake, the jury is still out on that one. We know the bitch had it coming. WQA and hello. QA and. I'm just not lasting as long. WQA and hello. QA and. Or you're right. These are really good. Oh, I got all week. Really? WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you sir? I'm definitely going to forget my. But there's going to be one negative downfall for it. What you like to know what it is. I'm listening. Okay. The in his way to deal with the federal government is long. It's class three gaining stays out of the state of Florida. They won't push for it. But they said if it ever comes in, they will be allowed to have it. So being that's going to happen. I know what it has. They've got trailer for it. They've got trailers for the tables. They've got trailers for the crowd tables. They've got black jack tables. Whether it's going to be a good thing. Hold it. Hold it. Okay. Black jack and crafts and all those other casino games have got nothing to do with what's on a balance. On a man. No, no. They can only do the go away. You have the will you can have financial service. They can only have the kinds of gambling if they're because you know is or whatever. That's permitted by state law. No. They can have anything that's a federal government will allow them. They're not bound by any state laws. They're only allowed by federal laws. They made a deal with the federal government. As long as the state of Florida doesn't have any type of class three gambling. They will never push for it. But in the interim, if the state ever allows. You think that this federal government, that we got right now that they're going to let them have full of people. No, but that's it. Well, wait, don't don't don't I ask you a question. Yeah, no, but the Indian yes, the department of Indian affairs will. No, they won't. They've already got them. They've got them in trailers sitting at the world for building. So, so let me ask you for five. Let me ask you this question. And what if that does happen? So what if what is it? No, no, it's not a big thing. No, no, no. I'm not saying it's not bad thing. Yes. Not a bad thing. So I think we all have speculation that we're just a student pass on that. Okay. There always got to be these people. It's going to be really great. But it's not. It's okay. Stop being so forward to you, sure. Okay. Right. So if you have any more money, we know that. And then what? And yeah, and who it is? If you want to go subsidize the freaking Indians, go have a good time. We'll probably do it. So the government's rare, does they say in China? Jim and Pembroke Pines says, I listen to this anti-gandling commercial running by Bush. He claims the revenue collected would have to be divided up around the state. And claims South Florida revenue may help schools in North Florida. He also claims the original burden on local law enforcement. You know what I say? Cool. So what if somebody helps North Florida or Central Florida schools? If those kids can get a better education who cares where they live? If they need more law enforcement, good it creates jobs. 18,000 plus new jobs, by the way, if this thing passes tomorrow, if they can grow. Just like an hard rock casino created jobs. Good point, Jim. It sounds to me that old Jim doesn't want to see Florida's economy thrive. Jim can kiss mine. Right. So he says, by the way, Georgia to great job, less because always. I can tell by the great cause. We're getting Georgia to federal show. Yeah. That's not a good cause last week. Did you guys? Oh yeah, they're all the good stuff. See? Not full and me. I've been around the long. But I heard. I've been around Sniffinow's job stretch too long. 1113 at 5. 16. WKM. I'll tell you what. If you're sniffing your carpeting and not happening with a result. Your carpet is as bad as your sink when it comes to being your collector of germs. There is what they see in Czechoslovakia. And the Czech Republic schmutz in your carpet. That's right. It's way down in there. So called by concepts today and sanitize your home. Make everything that only to look just like brand new, but smell and feel and be like brand new too. Really sanitary. God concept will dry clean your carpet. Nobody else in the world does it. They give you written guaranteed price up front before they start doing a job. When they get done because they use a rapid drying technique. Your carpets are drying an hour and a half into hours. They smell on any fresh and believe you. They look like you just had brand new laid on your floor. So when it comes to having your carpet, your furniture, your drapery or expensive or annual area of our clean. Call the people I've been using for over 20 years in my home's dry concepts. Their number and date brown and palm beaches toll free is 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Dry concepts making carpets clean in South Florida since 1979. Your listenings have meaning for the real Rogers as exclusively on five-six years. You have been criminalized. Puck in Florida. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography pro-fraustory. They were from Sweden. But they weren't Abba. See because Abba had a dozen top 10 hits and sold billions of records worldwide. Now, Abba had only had one hit and sold considerably less records on the actually did. Then waited until 1997 to become famous. Then, perhaps in an alternate universe, they might have been the card against. Oh, yeah, sure. Beard the card against, yeah. In an exclusive interview at a trendy Stockholm coffee house, Cardigans lead singer Nina Perfson opened up to inside behind interviewer, Sven Pooverman. Sir Nina, are you doing? Oh, by sure, yeah. Because I be in the card against you. Go find sure, yeah. And what are you doing these days? I wouldn't get these days. Did you totally flip in your own voice there? I don't care. This sucks. They're not paying us enough for this thing. Yeah. The truth is, we're good in the forward to send a crew to Stockholm. And when we called Cardigans lead singer Nina Perfson for an interview, she told us to, well, she declined. We figured we could make do with a couple of our interns, but they just put that idea into the crap or didn't they? Hey, screw you! This was not our idea. Yeah, and I'm totally from the valley you dumbass it. The card against. We may never know anything about them ever again. Oh, wait, that's kind of how it is anyway. It's a big juicy, sub-in-wit-lick-a-tial business tonight. But inside the valley. 11IT-560WM are any of the stern people still listening to QAM. Oh, no. They're all run. And surgery detects everything is fine in a rack though. Oh, we're fine. Surgeon and tax-col 18 people hear those sirens? Hmm. That's why we're live from Baghdad. And wounded dozens more today in a rack police hospital official set in a ballad of 56 miles north of the capital. And this is expected suicide car bomb targeting an Iraqi security officer killed five Iraqis and wounded 27 others in other violence. And surgeons killed two police officials in Baghdad today. And forced the resignation of another police, a official actor, kidnapping his son. Also, one more day, he was soldier and my favorite term comes into play here. killed by friendly fire. Hey, friend. Hey, dude. Friendly fire. Like that of time. Could do are we counting anymore? No, no, anybody care? No. Over 1500, by the way. I just mentioned that in past. 5, 6, 7, he's calls. So good. I want to take at least 5,000 between now and 2 o'clock. How come we haven't fought out yet about the big county building thing today? Good question. I mean, we know about for sure, open to the 430 of those selected polling places. And of course, date and browse 7,8 to 7 p.m. tomorrow to vote. If you're against it, stay home. If you're against it, get lost. Go eat low for the governor. Go snorts some crack with the governor's daughter. WCUAM, hello. Yes, I'm. I go to early first. Yes. And the second thing that I want to say, everybody in<|ko|><|ko|> has one more reason to vote. Sunny Rose and Berge is running for mayor again. Oh, yeah. So I go to get him. Okay, no one. Sunny Rose and Berge is not over 140th birthday. Thanks for the bad news. I know. Thank you. All right. Bye bye. Nice job, pal. There's another voter that voted yesterday in tomorrow. Yes, voting days and Wednesday is no voting day. Right. Wednesday is no voting day. Yes. WCUAM, hello. Yes, sir. Please go for drugs back on me. Yeah, let's just go. Ready, go. WCUAM, hello. That was Greg doing a voice. He's not on vacation. QAM, hello. Me, sir. Very dark. Pretty good. It's really great that the getters are touting that no for the casino. Yeah. And the deduction you know, day before the elections, you know, now they say, it's a bad deal. You know, it's like, I don't know. He's not a pander to his Christian constituency, Mr. OK, to the goody two shoes, Bible thumping redness that he's all about. That's him, man. That's true. You know, he's a Catholic. He found the Pope. Why do we have to keep getting these bulltons about the Pope, mother. We have a daily. His stool and the texture of his diary and all these other grotesque. You know, I don't really want to hear about the Pope much less about his ball movement. OK. And he's not an ointrest here. Again, it's the arrogance of the Catholic freaking church trying to think that the whole world is supposed to like it all whipped up. But we don't care about some silly old man and a dress, OK? It's a real drag. You jackasses. Hey, man. You're in an eat the way for a body of Christ and all the other. You know, I am so I just can't take it no more. No more. He never said I didn't know he never did. No. To man. That had some numbers if he started saying that now not too late. No. Start saying it today. You don't do it. Have any QA and hello? QA and? Yes. Yes. Hi. Let me tell you about two weeks ago. I received three solicitations to cast early voting, right? Right. And I said, sure. I'll do it. You know, I did it for my mom for my dad and for myself. But that was just to receive the ballot to sign it. And so last week on Wednesday, my dad got his on Friday, my mom got it. And I'm still waiting for mine. And I'm saying to myself, why? You know, if we send it up on the same address, how come three people received it on different days? Why should he do it? Because I haven't received mine. And if I received mine, they should have posted it up. Probably because the post office. I think you remember all those absentee ballots back in the general election in November? Absolutely. I mean, this is a decision. This is just one question. Yes or no. I mean, to tell me, they can't even set this right. I want to tell you something. If I received mine through the post office today, yes, I'll sign it. And tomorrow, come election day. I'm going to show up as well. I have to. I want to vote. Two times. I'm going to find times. You got high at one. See, I'll go. Let me hear it. It's our floor. Bring some life back to this car for thinking. God bless you. Thank you, Neil. Okay. Two and two and call us in the morning. Oh, wow. Let's get the natives whipped up into our friends. You okay? I'm not talking about the native Americans. You can see those Indians with their cigarettes with the worms in them either. Okay? And so stick and tear that crap. And of course. That's one more reason. We don't need you know who back on the station. Yeah, what does that phony do? Is he still running an ankle bracelet or you loaned to Martha Stewart? Yeah, it's, uh, it made it round to her. It's making around. By the way, for 50 million dollars, you can go spend a couple hours at Jose Can Succo. It's asking you if you have some good Royads. To inject you right in the vacuum. WQAM. Hello. Hello. I hear that the answer. Go ahead. Mark fully will do the same thing for free. Yes. Yes, you should be questioned in the Godfather. Are you ready? Yeah. He's a pro-iong birthday. What is it? Feet of Coralions birthday? Yeah, I'm like that. And it's gonna be, come on. Yeah, I'm listening. The depot armored day December 7. That father's been over the night. What the fuck are you doing? So, I can't think. We don't care. You care about what is birthday was? No, he is. I don't care. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. I never gave those monthly trends. I would give the rest of the numbers, but I don't have them. And I don't want them. They're too small for me. No, that's not. You can have them. I don't want them. I don't want them too. Thank you. Thank you. Morning. Six to 10 a.m. and a month of January and many team plus WQM dropped from a five, two that was turned to last month to a 2.6 mid days. 10 to three, which of course includes the two to three. No, no, no. We dropped from a five point six in December to a three point three point oh and men and that is. And then after noon, three to seven p.m, we dropped from a five point three to seven to eight, two point one. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. In January and it nights. Now, I don't know how we had the big number in December at night five six at that. That had been a aberration. What do we have on a night? I don't December. Yes, we're there any ball games? Oh, talking game. Oh, nothing. Nothing. But we had a bogus five six in there and in January at a zero point nine at night. So now you understand why I'm taking that pull today and while we feel like we've been betrayed once again by Brutus Greg Reid and his new girlfriend is new partner in crime, Joyce, Joyce, all that are in a West Coast and Naples in corporate with all their shenanigans and all they have to stop going on between Stern and his on and Stern is off. And then we got Joe is, what's his name? Mad Dog, whoever it is, he's leaving. He's staying. Moe is a filament. Oh, don't. Too much to fill in baby. Push, pah-pah- southern boor- Hello Jenny! I just lost the server. I just have many flesh of GoL's. Could see me? Has you noticed me? Did you call me Paige? Peggy, Peggy, Peggy? I think to pass it down, that was my farewell just to see, you know definitely, N drives me inside. I'll try to say yeah, I'll be brave When am I getting my dessert? Doing gently cray, because you'll be in my home I like you can see it myself When you're in the home But I still pray in your language Hey, you're dancing sexy in your trip Let's make a go-curs Oh, thanks for not looking at it It's a plum tree Sensing in the name of the sea I still want to do it And I'm a hit baby show Go, cast a go Shout out to the men and staff King, all men are cookie, go Go, cast a go Go, cast a go This is in the sight, angel out through the snow Go, cast a go Go, cast a go Go, cast a go Go, cast a go Go, cast a go Go, cast a go Go, cast a go Go, cast a go Raccoon Go, cast a go And you got that all over the city Go, cast a go She's pretty disgusting, all right? 33, 27 Bill noon Two five to two times a can And of course, what people are realising when they see that spot That's just one meal sheet ordering Go, cast a go Yeah, macaroni and cheese Oh boy Anyway, here's a fact from Bill and for a lot of deal Who's whipped up into a frenetic frenzy, okay? Frenetic frenetic frenetic Here we go against his bill The stupid pathetic no life lemme is the call Sounds photo home. I'm ready to head out To the ball of cliff and dive right off head first And go to the various fairytale based of rather faith-based gatherings And so about to take an out of boat and ready to do their gauze We're by standing out to devil's hills This time in the form of those wretched slot machines The preacher is on their side as long as the rain comes in his wallet Their governor's instructed them to be sure to follow their own greedy will And not let any tax revenue created in the southern part of the state Leak to the northern part I'd love to hear how his tele-hassy neighbors feel about him Suddenly becoming the southloader governor at least for the duration of the boat Hey Jackass web Why don't you go to the northloader governor? You're a Bible banging yahu neighbors back to the dark ages Like big brothers doing your to our country and leave us down here to help alone defend for ourselves Everything you touch turns into a heaping pile of rhinos Schmidt Take your school vouchers your seabying wife your hatred of teachers and education Your love of the trailer trash on born your druggy daughter Terry Shavos brain dead body and you're never ending love of the Nazi party And shove it straight up your lily white pimply fat ass Says billin for a lot of day. I scorn bill What do you really think? 560 5050 5060 in the Verizon and singular robbers lines WQA and hello I'd rather listen to Joseph Gatchon Correct You know great. Why do you keep saying that? I don't know who it is Reflex the same crap on crack over and over again Okay, get a life you jackass I have no lost five six seven five 60 we're done man. We got to like we have to regroup and go right back to square one I'm telling you and I'm great. What's really fascinating to me is that our two flunkies in there Duff and the clearance all are there and denial And oh, you really we're over reacting and you say yeah, we're done stick a fork in this baby as you are Reynolds used to say we're done. Well, I got to start quoting him man. You know we're finished right right God just just can't keep doing it and then like I said these these this pull we're taking here This is just an exercise because the stern people who are mostly gone and the other people who just got sick and fed up with all the The the crappy inconsistency. Let me say it again Greg consistency That's the key word in broadcasting people want to know who's on who's on first who's on second when they're on You know turn on the TV at 630 at night to see Dan rather and find out it's going to be Bob Sheeper because then you've got to turn it out real fast like through They right right consistency all at least Danny boy was there for a long time But not a Q a man air. We time great has another bad bullet grits or has a bad case of the schmits or whatever Oh, here we go again. He's off to the races again showing everybody what a big shot. He's got in the meantime The dolphins still going to be on a station. Oh, no, we got to Marlon's though, which everybody in town Says we don't want any state money going for that damn stadium and we don't want to go to a coral geobiles anyway Who don't want to go all the way down there to the freaking orange bull. You want to go down there? No, what about you Josh? That's right. You haven't got a choice not to have you about it, but yeah, yeah Here's a guy that works for the organization release used to up until about 10 seconds ago Who says he's not too happy about another good news is on Wednesday We've got the red socks and a Marlon's up in Jupiter, which is right just below Uranus 105 the pregame Marlon's on Drec at 1250 which means we got a nice short show on Wednesday. Oh, God Now can we ring stern back just on Wednesday till about 1115? Okay, doesn't it sound like a time? Let's play a tape we got some come on a QA. Yeah, we'd love to switch these holes in it QA M hello Very weak QA M hello. Hey, new he lost his touch when I was away for a week. Yes, sir Mark me down is yes Mark mark you down and my what do you mean mark you down? What does that mean? I did you go? I'm not I'm not a yes. Okay I don't actually go to the track, but anything to a spike to get sir, you know You know even if you don't give a crap about it just despite his fan asks is a great reason to go That's right as far as you're your book. I think that I like tanks in the afternoon, but I think even like a breathalizer in the morning I love it on I think I think you know I don't know you just think what you've lost was a step or something Well, give me a little chance give me another month and even rip a nice okay, give the hump right out of the monster to I You know, I love Hank when I you know, I know he's real happy be not there in the morning But I think we had I think we had it lived there for a while. I think when we had Joe Rose it would more or a little Don't know it won't be for anybody got it off, you know, right right what it was say kind of hard getting up when it was in the mo But that's another stir But we had Joe on air and then we were kicking ass in the mad dog and hump her head though real great thing going there like two to seven Uh, everything was just fine It worked for you Greg that was a problem It wasn't broken so you had a fix it you in you lying sack of crap you God man Talk about a general man. We talk about a man who he's like dangerous. You know what he's like? What's the man professor? You know what the white hair the man's scientist the crazy professor? Right that's what he's like and he's always in the laboratory and he's mixing his potions and lociens And these have all these crazy notions You know, I think we had a throw his ass like into the ocean You know what I'm saying You know what I'm saying It's a lucid lesson Correct them On five things like poison The It's a little bit funny And when one train I saw him with a slid loser And into their racist side things He's got all of the numbers He got all of the things He's improving a party With the blue your face He got all of the text messages To the famous friends There was someone's ringing in how to live one And all of them are safe and bad And these are the codder And that'll bring him Call went to the cellar's stores And turn their phones in And now we know everybody On Harris's phone We know the pride and the love But she was so low Now that she's gone, it's gone, it's gone It's all over the land Some she said it was strong She can now call the jense 16 don't know in a few days We got moored two Don't know how to get four And then after that Good luck here Here's a lawyer, Mr. C Ray Okay, says I noticed that in the vote I don't know about running on your station Our governor uses the word our a lot As it will raise our crime Or all the money won't go to our local school I've just one question Since when did you have bush there Living here in South Florida? I was going to house in Miami now by the way Does it? I say mind your own business, what? I said does it? Yeah, got the address? I say mind your own business, C Ray Says everybody voting, I said if you don't believe in gambling Don't go there But don't stop those who want to go and have fun from doing so And don't stop all those jobs from being created Don't stop all that money for education from being generated It's set of and so on See there are no negatives Except for those you know Goody two shoes who want everybody else to live miserable like they are Now here's a very sad I haven't even read this yet Why I voted against lots for per mutuals From a 20 year plus nearly in Miami Springs Oh my god I mean and I'm not depressed enough No, no, here's J. Lyon says you'll never recover from Gregory's blunders Tell you bring back the crow Ha ha ha ha ha ha Bring back the crow and get rid of mo says J Lyon Do it like that Seriously Just the aroma alone is more than I can handle Anyway This is a 20 year plus nearly in Miami Springs Says I appreciate your reason why you're voting for slots I too don't totally buy in the crime and social deals That supposedly the evil of bar products of gambling I voted against this issue because I don't believe in a bailout for the rich Oh, you mean like Mickey Harrison Right, does that what you mean? Like that All slots are as a bailout for dying industries Horace racing dogs in a highlight Let me just interject my own thoughts as I go along with this crap The state is in partnership with the per mutuals So when a Fed S governor comes down to the audience He says well not too many people are going there anymore And it's a dying industry The fact of the matter is he's supposed to be in partnership As the governor of the state with a per mutual industry Because as you know the per mutuals tax all of the revenue the all the money it's bit And there's a lot of revenue that goes there not to mention all the jobs The owners of the tracks are rich entities and corporations Stronic and Churchill bounds are hardly poor individual businesses Tearing on age of financial failure The people in the horse racing business are wealthy people Oh, yeah, all the people in horse racing business The junkies and the trainers and the drivers and all the owners They're all wealthy people right you have to be rich or own and breed horses for racing It's expensive sport some yes many no Not to mention all the people whose job is dependent on a per mutuals Most of whom haven't got two nickels to rub together Okay, schmuck Schlazer not going to rechandler the company sports because they're becoming pay say and again Any idea what you're talking about Let me say to you right now. It's Monday last time I checked tonight Monday Brian series will be driving it over downs Why will the best driver in the world be driving it over downs because Monday's the metal lands doesn't race in number two because the over downs It's got huge person you know where the over downs is no it's in Delaware It's in Dover Freakin Delaware and why do they have huge persons and why do the best horses and drivers drive there Some of them in the world because they've got slots And while there'll be gigantic persons at woodbine here in Ontario right up the road a piece for more I'm sitting right now while there'll be big persons in quality racing and some of the best drivers in the world tonight like the R5 nights a week because of the fact that they've got slots I thought it's Horace telling you wanted more things for people to do when they see that pure oh it says another reason Loading it's the bill as the voltsmith campaign we got in the money it'll generate 18,000 jobs averaging 39 grand bull 120 to many in for our schools you know they mean dating Broward bull If they wanted by vote all they had to do is shoot street with me and I've voltsmith me on the numbers and the financial pioneer sky benefits So here's a guy up a person the guy or woman whoever this is who just made up their mind already no matter what anybody tells him it's all bull and he's already a self-proclaimed expert when you say Slap's are not gonna we can't interest in permutual you are so full of it man. I can smell it all way up here. Hey, oh my god close that window please Sorry, more bacon eggs. Oh Just another person looking for an excuse to be negative which of course is the software to fn way Oh, we can't have that and you know something supposed it supposed it supposed for the sake of argument supposed it brought an only half of the jobs To post it brought in only a third of the job supposed it brought in only a third of the revenue It's still money that you don't have now and you don't have to go there. It will cost you a dime Yeah, but so there. No, no, it's much better let the Indians have all of that tax for your revenue And let Mickey Harrison take all those people out of those damn cruisers outside the territorial waters and plunges their guts out That's a hell of a lot better and stick all the money in his pants God just how pathetic can you be man? I haven't taught that guy 20 years. I haven't taught him anything 560 560 pound 560 and he Verizon and singular wireless lines. WM hello Hello, good. WQAM hello. I'm out. Okay, God. WQAM. Hello Hey, how you doing? I got to take a look at me turn you down. So I don't please hear me down Yes, I want to ask you a couple questions about our fat ass governor. Oh, yeah, well, that's me by the way Yes, I wanted to hi George why is the governor allowed huge public funds to advertise on the radio? Right, Mark, a lot to you and Hollywood using public funds to send out those letters to all our constituents to a for partisan political purpose on other campaign issue Can we get some legal deals out there to start pressing evidence claim at the end showing where the money's coming from supposedly Yeah, where's the coming from? A little collection committee in town out of Tampa With those yachts over there. Yeah, probably from the Indians, you know, well, isn't that what happened in the last election? That's what happened in November. They form all these other committees and nobody can trace where the money came from and they don't give the report before the election And I'm where there are how much they raised the work came from and then after the fact we fight out of the semerels contributed five point six million dollars in November To try to get everybody to vote against something so that they can have the whole thing as evil as it is as terrible as it is as much crime as it's going to bring in It's going to destroy our image is bad for tourism, but if they do it, it's okay I want to go on their piece of the pie. They want the whole freaking pie and the next pie that hasn't even come out of the oven yet They're just right and they want the pepperoni to you makes me want a screen. It doesn't yet can't people I've missed that Can't people see what kind of a badass liar he is? Well, we'll find out tomorrow won't we will find out tomorrow night? Well, I'm voting you have 16 times the same. Excellent job. Maybe you don't forget voting yesterday All right, no one wins day. No, no, you vote no one wins day. There is a day into the week. That's when the tallie gets told up for the no vote, right? You got it. Okay. Thanks. Absolutely. Top star boy George who of course is notoriously gay. Now it's a But I mean has slammed Madonna for embracing the Kabbalah where's that Kabbalah? I don't care. The mystical offsuit of Judaism which preaches homosexuality is a disease The former culture club singer a real screamer is horrified the material girl flirted with lesbianism Most famously are in her controversial kisses with Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera at 2003's MTV Video Music Awards. You have supports of religion which believes homosexuals can be cured. He fumes I have a problem with Madonna's devotion to Kabbalah Kabbalah Because I watched the documentary that said Kabbalah believes that gay people are disease-vidited and can be cured She's such a hypocrite. This is the woman who's embraced homosexuality and used it to her advantage And after she embraces this cool crap religion, but then again I think all are they all are they all You go to church George. Oh, and speaking of religious nuts. F's corn guitar is baptized in the Jordan River. All right. Let's all that picture. Kim Boots, can't read Israel. Let's send everybody to a Kabbalah just in time for form. Is it for me? No, yeah. Is it the supia? Real one is for him. I've asked you to say that again. Come on. Let's find some good home and caution here in Toronto. I got a lot of Jews here. I got a lot of everything. Too many Indians with curry. Yeah, he's looking at it. He's looking at it. That's right. Well, why on he's looking at it? Because I'm sure it's I hope we didn't miss it. I'm sure it's got a very soon. I think for him. There you go. Mr. Bradley. By the way, my good friend Fat Rich, you're a diet at the table at our dining room table in Palmino Park, case you missed it. A week ago Friday night still had the winning pick for ticket in this pocket though. They found it. I want to who cashed it. Derek. I'm very proud to have you. How did you find out that he had the ticket? Who told you that? I think the sister won't you call when she called? The sister called a teddy that Rich had a winning pick for ticket in this pocket when he died. Right. That he got the pick for. He was sitting at our table there in the dining room with Palmino Park. By the way, if I actually get a sick fine, we're going to all the people at Palmino for being so nice. Not only to me, but to Rich and Derek and everybody over the years. They really been great. But anyway, sitting at the table and he put his hands out of his chest. This is getting this like through the hand. I'm in big trouble and then collapsed and that was it. What if you got a die? Right. Go out big. Go out of winter. No, I'm not talking about going out of winter, but I guess it was quick in like, I was it. You know, tragic, great guy. But he had the winning pick for ticket in this pocket. I wonder which pocket because he always had tickets all in pockets all over the place. Right. I have to find that out. Maybe it was a Tita pocket. Oh. Former corn guitarist Brian head welts was baptized Saturday in the Jordan River just weeks after quitting his band. Drug habits in rock and roll lifestyle for religion. He found the Lord. Oh, my God. Gay. Well, start a member of the multi-petten band in about 20 other white robe Christian pilgrims from a baker's steel California church where immersed by their pastor Ron Vietti. Well, said the ritual that was washed away his anger. You know, when you get angry, it builds up. I felt like hurting someone before now I feel like hugging people he said. Before I wanted to hurt you, and I want to hug you and give it a squeeze it. Vietti said, well, twice Jesus tattooed across his knuckles and Matthew 1128 tattooed prominently across his neck. He's already attracting a new group of young people to the message of Christianity. What bad news that is? To the sick twisted message of Christianity and how somebody died on a cross so we could they could give all of our sins. Oh, brother. Gambling, for example, which had a lot of time. It was a little bit painful, but never mind that. In recent weeks, people committed their lives to God because they're so inspired by his story, Vietti said, corn and ounce of russes, resume, and Matthew 13 years with a band. It's corn with a cave, by the way, and they sure are special. Well, said he had become increasingly depressed and drugged. It didn't recent years, but that religion helped him quit. He said he plans to relate. Nothing like a dried drunk like one of these, you know, born again used to do this, used to the and now they turn to God. Okay. It's called a crutch. That's what religion is. Crutch for weak people. He said he tends to release more music without the band. My songs are God saying things to me. Him talking to people. He's going to use me to heal people and people are going to be drawn to it. Just watch. They will be. He said just like when he's him, thousands of pilgrims are baptized annually in the Jordan River where a corned river called tradition drawn to Baptist baptized Jesus. He stuck him underwater. And now we were he stuck. Where right there in the river was it underwater was it in the back dome? Not sure. By the way, remember they baptized people naked then and still do. I'm going to pardon naked. You're supposed to be naked. Well, that's right. You've got to get some good way to get people naked, man. We're going to baptize you. We're going to stick you underwater while you work to the under. Huh? I worked in fatal attraction. She kept popping out of the water that bitch. Yeah, surprise. She kept popping up. I'll see. That was, who is that? That was, don't tell me. Now we're going to tell you because the other one looks like her. Blend in the hood. You're very close. Uh, advanced, uh, mirror, mirror streeping, blend in the close. Right. And not to me. It's the same person. Don't know. Is it just me or today we had we noticed they're both ugly bitches. Yeah, they're both hands. You know, we had a curly hair, a sheltered no by the way. No. And we want to apologize George will never put her ugly pictures or any other pictures of her on our website again. That was just, that was in the disgrace. That was almost as obscene as Greg Reed doing Maddie Bell. I'm listening to me in my address. Exclusive. I'm 16. You ain't dead. This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to one hour on Q8M. Yeah. The lawyers and the jury are sentenced and somebody, uh, Michaels are the nervous side and finally, Diary. If they find him, you'll be always fanful. They're top. And he's thought to prison for the former king of Tom. He's a father prison in the tiny cell. It's no garden of the evening. But there's where we ought to be. According to Tom's name, he's not the famous people. We'll be called defensive find. Well, I go to that gold be brave or just right now in crime. Jesus, you've seen secret rooms of Toronto, Monday to the Osiril, children fighting, kids with Michaels extra stair. No, you can go to sleep at night if you can't sleep at a cell. Running bedtime story while we get six kids warm milk. If they can't, I'd mind go help them for the year's behind bars. They can find in a mirror's wheel and eye of bumpers. Are as well as a bed if you sit and somehow pulls out a wave. But send him moves to WFL. Incommon, OJSN, said. It's 12.02 at 5.60. It was Peter OJ, I might as well do the stir right now. OJ is furious with his brother for making him look bad. Oh yeah. What did his brother kill more people? Up until that episode with that bus out there, OJ everybody respected him. At least a QAM who talk about a hip or if this is any inquire by the way, got a whole bunch of good stuff from the inquire. It says, talk about a hip or crit. OJ Simpson is furious with his brother for making him look bad, by being involved in an accident that killed a woman. But a disgrace football hero hosted trial for murdering his wife and her friend wasn't even concerned that his 50 year old brother Melvin ended up in Jordan covered in blood. OJ was concerned only about his own image and inside of totally inquire. The tragedy, for a while we know about the story. Where we had that story about he was driving a bus and but a bit of movement. He was a fellow sleep at the wheel. Police believe Melvin who had been suffering too like symptoms that was nearly eight hours into the wishift. Fellow sleep at the wheel. Melvin voluntarily gave a blood sample for booze and drug testing, but police don't suspect he was out of the influence. Later, the destroy driver said nobody could be more sorry. The accident was awful. I'm still in shock. But Melvin was getting no sympathy from his famous brother. OJ is furious within the inside of totally inquire. OJ is so selfish. It's truly remarkable that he sees everything in terms of how it affects him. Even though it was an accident, OJ Blames Melvin, for bringing down more negative publicity on him, he told a friend, it makes me look bad. It's what he said. Make you look bad. That's the tough assignment, OJ. Right. Look at the mirror. It looks really bad to me. God. 400 and now what we got. Very slim totally. You know, we got seriously. I don't know if I can do it. You can do it. We've had it do it a million times on this radio station because Greg Reed is full of crap and because these people are never satisfied. They can never leave things alone. They can't stop dittled with stuff. They just can't stop messing with you. But to turn a clock back and start all over again. I just don't know if I'm a dottering old fag. I'm like 62 years old. And this coming in the time when I get an email from Norma Kim, who's more concerned about the fact that WFTL is offered him to do four to six after owns every day than now. Where about what the fact that Jeremy, a coal minute serious lost the cure that he arrived in the country on serious radio. How do you like that? He sends me that note and then oh, by the way, FTL. What is it? Whatever that station is. Yeah. I don't know what it is. Can you believe that? This is like a player's agent and baseball. So in a by the way, Alex, they want to resign you for a couple more years or whatever. The Yankees want you forever. But I'm going to play third base. You know, make up your mind. Are you an agent? Are you a lawyer? Are you some kind of a misfit? Some kind of a make believe. A baseball player. Talk show host. And by the way, you're antagonist was on TV last night. Doesn't kiss you, Mr. Rucker Howard. His egg. Tagged. 409 votes. Pretty weak. You see, we're nearly by now an issue like this that you know, that has to do with programming. We have, we, we meet doing our thing like, oh, we got a shot of a thousand votes today, right? We got a shot at 500. So we can assume a half the audience has gone. Clarence, you idiot. 409. Although the beach force like that, should we play 409 by the beach force? All right. We're going to play and recover from Greg Reid's latest blunders. Are we doomed? And around the building, the scottal buddies, oh, I was actually going up right again. I'll see because that's all they understand. Is that everybody who listens to the radio must be a sports nerd? Well, guess what? How many sports nerds are there? We're not third and man. No, why see ain't going anywhere? They're doing nothing. They got your roles. That's it. They got the juice and toast and cornflakes. That's all they got. They got squad. They got your own. And actually Joe went down and understand a little bit. And he got that. Our audience went over to Waxy. It's the fact that the stern people all vanished. It's the fact that the rest of the audience got sick and tired of turning in a radio. I have no idea who that was on the air waiting for George to find to get off her damn sack that she's sitting on over there. You know, there's rubber Christians. You said I want to have bad words. The right don't know. Yeah, that's a. Send us them don't. It's okay. Chris, be clear. Hopefully. Oh, I had a line about that. I can't sit. Oh, it's. Can we recover? Don't care. I only. I'm a person. See now ordinarily we'd say, well, that's really great. We got like an exclusive audience. Fifty-three percent. That's not good. See what I'm saying? Because we got nobody left. And what does that say about the rest of the joint? No, you just jerk the audience around too much. Fifty-four. Yes, I loved the new lineup. 44. The stern business was the end for Greg. 37. We can only pray. Waxy will destroy you guys. Look how many votes they got. About third man. Greg is a genius 18. And a horseshoe and four-lave clover must have fallen out when he stood up real fast. Back home, 13. What do we got here? Another facts. You may never know who's this from. Oh. You may never fully recover until Moe is gone, although he is good for a few last. Seven ninety has no chance. Tumper a little dog or a bottle wash. Joe show us so many ads. It's almost un-listenable. Un-listenable. Of course, Neil has no equal. And that's why we got a three-share man in January because I have no equal. Audiences go. I have some sweet and low, but no equal. What's profit with OJ is brutally ban? I read a list of the book over Moe. See there you go. Boog is on against Moe although one not a baseball season started. How do I know how can he be on? Josh. Well he won't be calling. You know he's only going to call probably around 40 games. So he'll be around 40 games. I thought he was doing three games a week for ESPN. No. No? No. Three games a week. That's what I heard. That's what we said. He's only going to be doing a total of 40 games. He passed up the Marlon TV job for that. Let's ESPN man. That's a big network. Oh yeah. That's a big network. ESPN. That's really big time. How's Dave O'Brien doing? You heard from him lately? ESPN my ass. Let's see. This is a finally live after can't touch the man dog. No kidding. By the way, oh, this is from Richard. I heard the new Marlon's in OJS. They rocked he burns the scene. Oh no. And the first few words I heard him say during the ball game. I thought to myself, what is guilty doing the baseball game for? Then I realized it was the new guy. I want to thank everyone else out there. He heard the similar Dean Rossine Goldie's voices. It's early, but to me, sounded as boring as Dave and Boring. Sorry, that's my opinion. Well, I don't think he sounds like Goldie. Rocks he burns the scene? How old is he about 15? Goldie and Rossine Rossine and Goldie. This is for Boca Brown. They can have doing like, yeah. Yeah. I haven't heard Rossine burns the scene. I have no plans at hearing all of a sudden. I think he won't be able to do it. Maybe I'll tune in for what I just think. No, probably not. I'll probably be out to lunch. Out to the nice early lunch at 12, about 50 on Wednesday for the Marlon G. Game and Red Sox. A growing hip hop for escalated is wrap running game. The game took a verbal shot at his ex mentor, 50 cent. 50 cent. During California, kind of. Can I only want to read this? You know something this whole year wrapped thing. Why? Just told me during the break earlier in the show that you'd send that story. And we were both trying to figure out why. What do you mean why? Why? That's our audience. We're here. We got a branch out, baby. We got to get the wrap crowd out there. The family. What? I said, did it say it? Well, then I just get to it saying. The game took a verbal shot at his ex mentor. Well, at least it was only a verbal shot. Or a wrapper. That's kind of unusual. Usually it was a little more tangible than that. And his ex mentor, 50 cent. Did you read California, because they're calling 50 names and saying, I ain't scared to get shot by him is lurking from last night. See, this is really great for black culture in America, this whole wrap crap. And the fact is that the media like. And then they have the award shows you know, the Grammys and this wrapper gets it a war for this. And 50 seconds. Yeah, I know why I get 50 cent. Yeah. He just blowing off some steam, said the game's word Jeffrey Lickman. How about anyone to feel a friend's, you know, their friends get shot. He's angry. This is a very bright guy. He just reacted to what happened. The game launched into his angry territory during a show at the vault. Three, 50 clubbing long beach Friday night. Lamb-based and 50 cent for what he believes were the rappers rule. And the February 28 shooting outside. Hot 97's radio Manhattan Studios. Oh, let's see if we can get in on that. Get some shootings outside of Hot 105. How's that time? Huh? Or maybe power 96 would be good too for us. Literally, they're helping. In fact, I got some people in mind to work there right down the hall from power 96. The brazen attack left one of the games on to rise, peanut wounded. The game said a 50 cent security guard, hit my blood peanut. He then derided the rappers, as associates his powers who envy him. What's wrong with this story? I think this is very important stuff. It's about American culture, man. Which really sucks. No, I just, when I reading it last night, I thought there was a lot of people in the world. Well, what do you mean by that? Well, I don't get too many 50 cent articles from you. Well, why not? We got to get what it man? Why not get a game with it? Wait till you start getting the world's mood stories. I will. I will get looking. The game also threw a challenge. It said to come and get him time to cry that a 50 cent had a problem with him. It could come kill me. Look, man confirmed. The game whose real name is J.C. on Taylor also attacked the December criticizing him on the 1997 airwaves, even as bullets were flying outside. How many? It's not about pity. You also this Bivin is ex- mentor his plans that he was vooday from 50 cent's rap group. G Unit. The game told the California party quit the group, looking confirmed. Taylor also said that though he said had a more limited role to make him as Dave you obliro documentary than 50 cent had been claiming. Please, these two beef-up security hip-hop spots around the city because of the boiling brood between the two camps. The wrap-world has been looking volible of late as 50 cent fused with wrap-r such as Judah Kiss, Fat Jo and Nance. Judah Kiss, where will more time? What? Judah Kiss, Jadakiss, Jadakiss. There you go. Oh, you had Jadakiss fan? No, look at this. Look at this. Fat Jo and Nance. Looked and said that despite his client's onstage winning. What? Ligman said that despite his client's onstage winning. I'm proud that I have no idea these people order a music and to court to use the term loosely. I am fat and rounded proud. Wait, how did he know about this story? What game did the concert add nothing to the shooting? He also said the game is everybody to criticize someone like 50 cent in public. I think the game's common. Speak to yourself. He said, we're an American. Say whatever he wants. I support his right to create expression and then throw a train sound. I think he likes that. That's the wrap-and-f and the way is what we sound. You are the things that we will. Roger. You want me to have some of his summer. You can see him. A kill the call. And you're a girl. You're a girl. And you're a girl. Such a VCR. It's my TV. God, the rush right out. I'm scared yourself a TV. So you're going to miss the inner city. Here, fuck, fuck, dick, you're more fucking ass. Rep, music, a wall. Are your favorite rap star, the V-day? L-L cool, Jake. Fuck, daddy. Eminem. 50 D. And any of our artists has got that in the name. Be sure to all pack and 40s, baby. We're going to turn them off. Fuck, he's just out. Maybe we should hear it somewhere. Follow my words. Make it a whole week for me, man. What you talking about? Wait, what the fuck? So get your holes and try your job and best open up six or four ones because you don't want to miss a minute. In a city hip pop, I kicked your mouth. You're a fucking ass. Wack, a new little wall. Hey, bitch, get over here. You want to go to the wall, show? How much you want? Well, how about two slots? My, fuck. I'm major, kick ass for the show. Stop this. That's Thursday night on the W-Sp. In a city hip pop, I kicked your mouth. Fuck, kick your mouth. Fuck, ass. Rat musical awards. Here, boys. Keep looking me like that. I'm on my team at 5.60. You see, I'll teach you to make fun of my 30s history, okay? I, now what was wrong with that, but it had some a lot of good beliefs in it, right? And all the appropriate places I think. I would like to think so. I think they were just fine. This is what I thought. 457 votes are in a pool. We want to win out today. The W-C-U-M is signing off here at Midnight Tonight. It's been nice being with you. We're shutting the place down. We're going to auction off all of the equipment. Some of the used microwave. The, what else we got there? We got a little fridge and a blender. A little refrigerator. We got a blender in there, man. We got some old cans of, what about was that stuff? What stuff? That's a drink that we were hawking for a while there. Oh, the, uh, and uh, what? I don't know. And a w-that's it. Right. We got some an ad. We got a bunch of, we got some old, the least Miguel photos in there. We got some nude pictures in Maddie Bell, doing the screw-in. We got some really great stuff in there. I see some of that. Low fat mushroom soup. Well, but you know, auction off at a quarter of 441 and I was very Rhodes starting to get doomed tomorrow. Five, six, seven, you know, of course, to show you how little audience we got left because they think about the date county. The fact that I got the polls aren't open and date today. Now, ordinarily, if we had like even a hundred people, listen, immediately we had had either a facts to recall or something to clarify what's going on in the date county. We know what's going on in the grower because that's where our people are. And date county is no, it's figured in place. And we can't get no information. See what I'm saying? What do you say? I can tell you, you can feel it when you've been doing this a long time. And little people like Clarets can sit in this little office there playing Junior Program Director and pretend he's got some clue as what's going on and try to like play psychoanialization would be like, oh, well, you don't consider yourself a three-year bronchard. No, I don't. But the fact that I might have considered myself doomed because I'm on your station. That's what I consider. But nevertheless, WQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Come in to QAM. Hello. QAM. What is our good man? QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't think you caught on the news over the weekend. I'm worth the story of the release from the show. Nobody cares about Martha Stewart. Okay. I don't want to hear one word about Martha Stewart. If I caught it over the news, how could you miss it? If you were in a coma all week in long. If you were doing your Terry Chival implementation, you couldn't have evaded like she's a hero. I don't care what she is. I don't care about Martha Stewart. But she's not on the news. Yeah. Good. Maybe she can get some accruciallies of poundage. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and even. See what I'm saying? We're not going to get the answer to that question. There's no chance. Oh, we got a bunch of them. Let me just see something. Okay. Just want to make sure. Because I'm going to let one day. I think they wouldn't allow anybody to work in. WQAM. Hello. QAM. This is WQAM. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say that somebody might be trying to call in with the election why the polls are an open. No one's answering the phone. Mom, it's going to fall right now. What's the reason why I'm going to date honey? Well, I call the five times. You know, an answer to the phone. What we're answering right now. What is the answer, sir? I'm just telling you. I had a lot of trouble getting through it. I don't know. Oh, he doesn't know. He's got nothing to say. So you're taking up a line of somebody who might know me and you could be quite a calling on you idiot. You bozo you. You cycled in perfect. That was perfect. You ferry you. I saw that again. But everybody. It's great. You're getting unrauture. That is so good. You're a child. You ferry. You're working with men. Oh, man. And then I love when Kevin Spacey turned to Jack Lemon. He asked him why he's going to turn him in. Because I don't like you. I'm telling you. Oh, chill. Shelling the machine, Levine. Baby. He'd be good in our sales department. If you're right in, he was. He was Bob Eisenberg. WQAM. Hello. We don't care. That's why the balls aren't open. Because somebody if you weigh in. Hello. Because they're not given any beans out there. Is that it? Hello. Yes. Listen. I think the reason for your three is that little particularly run the air. When you're gone with large freaking common terminal terminal shelf. I just like, I hear his voice. I just write over. Yeah. There's been a lot to do with my numbers. Right. I know that people always never turn out a show if they don't like what's on after it. And makes a lot of sense to me. You know. Do do do do do do do. How many QAM? Two AM? You go through this. Fast. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I was just wondering how for better is doing first of all. And I was talking. You know, Tony Pareta. They didn't know. They didn't know verdict it. I'll let you know. We'll go through it. Okay. And also Michael Jackson. Yeah. They sent him with dog come on. Okay. Great. Tell me to QAM. Hello. I think he's a little too old for Bill. Hello. Yes. I heard you mentioned something about a pop from the series. But I didn't catch the whole thing. Can you explain that? Hey. I got news for him. I agent some more on. Okay. So don't worry about it. I'm not going to waste my time talking about it. He's more worried about it. I'm not WASICT to go. That man is an agent like I'm a rocket science. It's okay. What a loser. What a goofball. I just want to be man. I want to be the spent, all yeartime. I was meeting okay. Would the unmentioned. I want to be doing normal. Or those documents back in fourth. And. Morgan pony showed a put on. Okay. Forget about everybody else. Is corruption. because you're a radio star. You're a big shot on WFTL. Wow. Maybe you can be on with your Spideman. Nobody QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. The double solution for the floor readiness. If Jabush is for, we're getting to the field. The gas is, we should be for it. Okay, Buddhist five times. Okay, don't forget the S people vote tomorrow. They know people wins the N-thru's day. WQAM Hello. I'm burning Dan. WQAM Hello. News of the World Heritage. WQAM Hello. Hello. Let me get the number. Hold on my ass. Hold on. What is this hold on, crap? What have you done to us? Hold on to the person that he's supposed to be making a call. Yeah, right. WQAM Hello. Neil. You say my partner and I both voted yes and he said it. My significant role is to be a good job. I'm going to get a wonderful job with that. That's a given. There's no real job. Specialty now. Who did he say? I'm out through behind your back. And you know how he has the hand? No, I'm hearing. Yeah, yeah. I think it was a side track on the story about Chris Rock. What was that kid rock? I'm sure George, if you were going on a beef field. All right. Still a little bit of life. WQAM Hello. Neil. You say my partner and I both voted yes. And he said it. My significant. Okay. Hey. They said in the Miami here all the ways back when they first went. They announced the, you know, the early voting. He said they were not going to be voting on Monday. He said chronic queen. 26 pass no in the five 60 WQAM. If you're in a market for new card, truck don't put it off one more minute. It's time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestead. Right now get yourself behind the wheel of a new 0 5 forward. If you want super low financing or cash back, Armstrong for the homestead has your deal. For limited time, get 0 percent financing a new focus. RF 150 super crew gets 0.9 percent on the escape or crown Victoria. If you prefer cash back, how about $3,000 on the four three star minivan. For grand back and afford F 6 50 truck, or you get you $5,000 cash back on the F 7 50 truck. If you're in a military, if you have a relative in the military, no matter if it's active duty, reserve it, national guard or Coast Guard, Armstrong for the homestead, proud offer you a military appreciation discount. Only when you buy from Armstrong, for when you get to a suicide tires, parts and batteries for life program, plus a free floor to sun pass to. David Rich and a whole staff at Armstrong for homestead will guarantee the best price. And do just about anything to make you happy customer for life because it locally on the operating, they want to get to know you's. Armstrong for the homestead is 20 minutes south of the E36. Check them out on the web at Armstrong cars.com, and travel a little and save thousands from Armstrong for it of homestead. And we need you to leave Roger's exclusive link on 560. You can get in spikon. The Mithead of Bush's Land is an effective home, but damn it, Placer and Nessus Land are in the critical. They can see play me with George Bush's kind of home. They can get some Congress and that will be a miracle. So she'll secure it here, what we have at this you here. You can't predict how you will be in your retirement years. You're trying to build your little Nessus that you're working on. Listen, you know you're 65 and then your money's gone. When you're the president, don't sometimes you're not really low. Don't worry about this bad one. I mean when I say that Bush will never give up. Bush is really convinced that he can sum all of that with his dreams. He says he sees a few children, but that's kind of home. I've been to Berlin. He says he sees a few children, but that's kind of home. I've been to Berlin. How pretty to have five 60, nobody can't we got more Howard David? No, no, no, no, no. I could have not had a two o'clock and we got a man dog at four and Gellys seven. No, he did or not. Oh, guess who could have stayed alive, but chose to end his own life. You know the story? Tony Carson. How'd you know that? Everything Carson. Oh. Here. Johnny. Bobby, did you already did this? No, I didn't talk about it. He ordered the hospital staff to pull up plugs. He was done. I could have kept him alive. I could have kept him breathing. I liked that. But he didn't want to be a pain in the ass. He didn't think that was a way to go. So he said, pull up plug, baby. Do I, you know, don't keep me alive like Terry Freak and Shirewell. It's good things you have Bush didn't know about it. He'd probably flow out there. Right? Maybe nothing does. He's a pretty terrible. But if I get back to that fan asked Governor Jim Bush, you know, I got a wood-bind raised track on an average of about two times a week. Sometimes three, sometimes one. That took a couple weeks off there because I had a bad run. But nevertheless, and then got a beautiful casino. There were texts of the track. You can get on the escalator. Go right up to the track and watch. Or you can actually go outside and be a track side. And there is no crime there. There is no violence. There is no hysteria. There is a beautiful, beautiful place where enormous numbers of people come, where people have a good time. Most people of course lose like in any other form of gambling. But nonetheless, nobody's going to force anybody to go there. And I have a great time there. It's a beautiful place. They have a fine restaurant. And what's not to like? So all this picture that they've seen. See, this is what's so amusing. It would be one thing if we were talking about opening up full casinos like we need years ago. We didn't have a Chinatown since. And back then, the biggest problem was we were always held hostage by the other 65 counties in the state. They didn't wear out had no chance to choose their own destiny because it had a pass they why. So all of a sudden, finally it did pass. They why back in November, just barely. But it did pass. Why the date and bar were, thank you so much for the state. We're allowed to choose their own destiny. You want to have casino and not have casino. You want to have the stock machines and the peer mutuals. You want to have some action. If you want to improve the quality of the peer mutual industry, then great. If you want to sit in the dollars for education. If you want 18,000 new jobs, then great. Nobody is going to force you to go there. All of this talk about bringing crime. What are these people talking about? I would like to ask you this question. Where do you feel safer in a casino in Las Vegas or in downtown Miami? A carner or walking around in a high allia? Where do you feel safer? That's one thing I don't worry about. It's like somebody going to pick my pocket. They're not enough security. This is hysteria's madness. The kind of image that this fat ass governor is trying to conjure up along with his partners in crime. And I guarantee that once this whole thing is over with regards to the turnout and a better day in Well Pass, but if it doesn't, you want to fight out that a lot of this money, this anti casino money, came from the same Forces who did it back in November. There's no reason it would be anybody else. They don't want to piece it up high. They want the whole pie and you ain't getting any of it. You're getting nothing pie. No tax benefits. No nothing. So if you people want to continue making Mickey or Son of billionaire or richer in rich Roll of time, would just cruise us and all where. And you want to subsidize the freaking Indians and go right ahead. El Paso for this kid. Anyway, here's the fact that says to that man who said they were closed today, all of the early voting places in Data are closed today except the elections, the department main office, 2300, there is at 2700 north west 87th Avenue and Stephen Pete Clark, Metro Center, 1111 northwest, first three, both are open from 7 a.m to 3 p.m. like right now. And of course all the voting places will be open tomorrow, 7 a.m to 7 p.m. and day and in, 10 p.m. Okay, took us a long time to get this, thank you so much for ever sent us in. Now why would they be doing that in Data Wonder? I don't know, they're evil. Because they are evil. Date County is evil. They don't mistake about that. In fact, just a couple of days before he passed away at the track, that rich and I exchange emails, he said to me, I'm finally taking your advice. I'm moving from day to day to day. Didn't get the opportunity. Yeah, what a shame. That's probably what Killed him is living in Data all those years. The fact was just incidental because date County is a killer. What when did this Steve Clark? I don't think it was the booze. 511 votes on a full, pretty weak. Okay, we have we have got a lot of work to do boys and girls. We got a roll of our sleeves just like Ross P. Rose said years ago. Remember that? Right. And they have to roll up their sleeves and look out of the onion and do do do do. And quite frankly right now, I feel like going to do a good do do, you know? Well, that's music. Not that I need to. I just feel like the need is long, no longer there. 514 votes. K&WQM recover from Greg Reads. Latest blunders are we doomed? DOOMED to a faith that only someone like him abosal like him and his partner in crime Joyce could create for the one-sgrade QA and for the ones high flyers here, man. We used to be high flyers. Now we're bottom feeders. We're calling around sucking on the barnacles. How do you like that? You. Exactly. In fact, there's probably some of the same stuff that Goli was feeding Moan at one bit. Remember that? 514 votes. Don't care. I only listen to the old 207. 502.5%. Well, thank God for them. But no, you jerk the audience around too much, 68th. And keep in mind, this poll doesn't include all the 80 minute people that are left. And they come and back. They're not looking back. They're gone. Yes, I love to do a lot of 55. The Stern business was the N for Greg 43. Waxi will destroy you guys, 37. You guys are toast. Greg is a genius 23. And the horses you and 4th, they've chloramester fallen out. Meaning you got to real fast and wreck them. Yeah, had a crack problem. 18 said that on a 514. If we really press it, Josh, I think we can get to 600 votes today. I think. Oh, sure. Yeah, you can do that. Put on the full court press. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I mean, I'll go away for a week on vacation. I'll go to Montreal. You know what the problem is with Montreal? He said to what it was too cold. Frogs. They are disgusting. I'm sitting in my machine. Who's my ass there in her casino? I'm sitting there. And here's this big fat French woman with her big fat purse. Okay? Not once. Not twice, but three times. She can't see. I'm sitting there. I mean, am I like a little guy? Am I like invisible hard to see? And she keeps like, watch him pass. You know, practically not coming out of our chair. The third time, she looks at me and goes part-in-law. Part-in-law. And I've got to myself part-in-law. My fat ass. You crazy French bitch. What the hell are you doing? Can't you see where you're going? It's sling in the bag. You know what? She's like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm miserable. Nasty frog. Other than that, it's pretty good. Come here QAM, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, we got these fobbishes already. The money's going off, sure. Let's keep it right here. But get some hotels to them and our team is the rest of us. Oh, right. All right, cut the crap. That's the motto. Thank you. That's the motto for tomorrow. Cut the crap, finally. Okay? Elgulitatory. Whatever the head you are. You fat assed honey. Whether you're a dv as fine as I still say. How he managed to get real like that. I really have to wonder, you know, who wrote the book a lot. I'm a way that we elected. He's Christian. He's one of our, yeah, little blah blah. If you want South Florida to be controlled by a bunch of Bible something red next by all means, then I'll Wednesday when the no votes will be permitted to go vote. Go and vote no. But if you're sick and tired of having these people leave you around by the nose, more rising for you, then get out there tomorrow or even today. Yeah, and vote yes. Several times. The the host, but this man is got to come into South Florida over some like, because he bought a house in Miami. Well, makes think and deal. Who now gives a crap. What you bought a house. Well, I think I can't stand as people tell another people how to from long distance. You know, like me sitting here. Twenty-two-one. Oh, thank God. I'm out there. I just, oh, you have no idea. Yeah, I do. Every idea. Oh, my God. And here, and when Todd Dreck him in his moron, why didn't you protect me from that? Why should you give me like a word of warning? He, you know, the microphones on the other side of the board. Oh, good. God, you have to walk past me. I wasn't prepared for that. Twenty-two-one, a QAM. Hey, audio horse racing fans and poker players. Pompatopark racing and poker as all a gambling action you could want. Located just to half ma from both I and I, and he five and a Florida turn. Pipe. Pompatopark features free admission in free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room of interview Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday. Poker starts at noon. Goes on till midnight. Live racing gets underway. Now, it's 7.25 pm. Even clean tonight. Coming up this Saturday, March 12th is the most amazing fireworks show ever seen. Starring us three in Vincent Silvestro and his unbelievable race horse hand me silver. Starring us double stand on the chance of his race. Bikolder rains in his teeth and shoot out more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks from a platform on his bike. While handling silver races around the track. You don't want to miss this great far worse. Don't show the Saturday, March 12th. Also, this Friday, March 11th, pop at a park. We'll have a money machine at the track. We can win chance to grab a thousand dollars in betting vouchers. Now, think I don't understand on this. Is this copy for today? Steeble. Because I thought tonight was the big night. I thought it was March 7th. Was free spieded in right? And it's in the fourth floor of dining room. Isn't it? I don't know. Yes, it is. Pomp and O park. Don't forget buy a program. We're racing program for neither give you a coupon. You get the free speded in the fourth floor thing at Pomp and O park. I can't believe that Steve will did this to me. Pomp and O park a black south at the Lining Boulevard on Power Line Road for the Curl Race schedule. Call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or go online at Pomp and O park.com. And don't forget to vote. Yes, for slots tomorrow. Or today and the no people can wait till Wednesday. You're missing the new New Rogers exclusive rate. You're missing the new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new general likes he may than the car think it would say he's actually saying it your dog 4 headline joe videos like it either dr maxas believe I figure twenty lyrics and violence and a pretty sad one of your favorite people of everyone else sharpen sent help propose a ninety-day ban on radio and TV or play for any performer uses violence and a music to make a profit the activist and corporate presidential candidate passed a plan to ask the FCC and major radio broadcasts around a country to support the ban there has to be a way to step in and regulate what's going on with the or waves and with violence or totally the news and the is the vision the or waves are being used to romanticize urban violence and you know what he happens to be he was forced to answer censorship sharpens announcement follows last week shooting at the WHQAT studios that was suspected to be started by a few between rappers fifty-cent and the game see we got two thirty-cent stories to tell you like that jasha wow lower than that demographic to like a death-plus four Kevin read it twenty four year old member of the games out of Raj we shot in the leg and lobby of hot ninety seven soon after fifty-cent city was booting the game from his peak and United being a lot even stop people from shooting but we can stop even from property from the violence Charlton said he said he would not try to broke repeat between artists will talking specifically on the feet between the two rappers if you said in a letter dance visit the icylarda kept���ilos that the amp rac bonne still to get as much attention as the actions do won't roll armor function and retained a for a copy out of 아니 slips before in the civil war performance Jackson's up in road. Yeah, when that's a violence happened around radio stations that actually caused bloodshed There's been a strange and disturbing silence from all quarters. He said I don't think it's a quarter I think it's two quarters which is pity sand Emmett That's why I check although of course two quarters and pretty city worked too much nowadays That's why what's his name Warren? Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty gets the dollar. Do you see any? Oh, no, it's dollars in less the few days. I miss that. We're in Buffett and a little miss Buffett I think they're going after those curds 560 pound 560 on a Verizon and singular rye of slimes Look at these calls today, man. Our few and far between the quality of sensational as usual, but man. It's kind of tough Well, it's kind of the turnover. You know, so that's another thing See when clearance says to me this morning with a straight face news the term straight very loosely in his case Do I consider myself a three share Talk show no I consider you a three shared program director. That's my response. How's that? Is that more appropriate? Would you say I say that's right up your alley clearance and by the way get that check there by Thursday Please on time this time as opposed to the last time when it's saying about it in some box there Nothing changes remember I asked that question when I resound where we have this deal. I said why did I do that? Nothing what's going to change and the answer absolutely nothing nothing nothing will ever change in that joint WQAM hello Have a customer about 50 times yes, yeah I heard that when will when will Smith want for president this that you said it's gonna be secretary of the fence absolutely correct you got a man WQAM hello you sound better than WK okay, well, he sounded at every K by Mike having you died yet Can we pull I didn't tell you well? It's gonna two for deal inventory. Sheaville on the same day. Ooh WQAM hello Give our fans government or something else to get tied up with yes, you know, I didn't realize governor Bushley with so it gets gambling and Florida I guess this is a fun that he can do away with the lottery. Oh no, that's not the money He loves the lottery. Yeah, a lot of fun. Yeah, sure. That's okay It's okay to have the Indians the seven old You know taking billions of dollars and not given a dime to the state That's okay. How about fan asked Mickey Eris and what about him? McWake got a lot back. He needs money to pay for shock. Yeah, yeah I'd rather give the money to Mickey work. I'd like that for rehab 560 pound five 60 the audacity. I think governor jambis made blow up in the space You know, I think it may turn out to be a gland slide on the SI. I mean I don't want people to be complacent But I think you know a piss off so many people otherwise And we've already had fances from people who said well I wasn't really interested one way to do that Was gonna make the effort to vote, but since he came out against it I'm gonna vote for it just because he pisses me off so much because he's such a fat ass Tipper quit okay, and he's talking about crime crime you mean like smuggling right Snorting coke. Is that what you've talked about that kind of crime? Right, he's got a crack problem. That's his problem That's what happens when you got a big fat You got a crack problem. I should know believe me about fat ass. I thought you were talking about crack same thing Like Oprah. She's got a big crack problem. Give me Q.A.M. Hello Q.A.M. Hello Hey, New Hi, Duon Man. Okay, just have you back. I'm even though George did a bang-out job last week Yeah, I got the couple things man. What's the go-in man? I always hear talking about number young bug I have no idea what I'm talking about. Go in our non-Jews. Okay, okay, okay Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool and the other thing is about the about the casino thing. Yeah I think it's a good idea even though you know, they don't give it a good anything for education because with a lottery My freaking school didn't get a bit of a door knob on the damn school. Yeah, that's the way I feel You know, they don't give nothing back to the school. They just keep the money from self-destroy Okay, am I gonna argue with him? No, no, I might argue with city-san but then again Maybe not. Dux liberal stance on drugs begins to crumble. Oh my god Making a hash of it is the headline and a scarlet of the past 18 years Michael Vellin and his staff have been serving up such The lights is white, widow and blueberry and his wood panel coffee shop in the heart of Amsterdam I thought that one I've gotten a blackberry so they're doing blueberry. Okay for the list five euros That's 650 visitors can smoke a cannabis droid and cafe decouple and sip of beer while listening to music ranging from Frank Zappa to Mozart Now that's an I've been to Amsterdam a thousand times actually live there. Those are two or three summers never heard No Frank Zappa while I was there. Yes, I missed out. You go to the wrong clubs The 50 year old bar owner and political activist sit my main concern is to make sure there's a good mix of people in my coffee shop And they get basically they get the best quality grass and marriage a weenie But the Dutch coffee shop system is under threat According to one of the country's leading drug specialists and a government advisor cannabis coffee shops and cafe bars We'll be extinct within five years Oh my god the number of cannabis outlets is already declined from the peak of nearly 1500 about 750 only about a fifth of Dutch towns and cities Have coffee shops and that number is shrinking the can't can't climb down can't down remember the camp time races No, the plant towns being went on more conservative attitude by the coalition government and local mayors and pressure from other EU members who visit proven the Dutch approach when they go to Holland they look around and go EU like that Right this shift in attitude was acknowledged by the UN earlier this way the annual report by the international narcotics control board the INCB which is partly when noted that the needle in government informed number of a crucial and significant change And it's policy on cannabis their folding man used to be they were rolling and other folding it said the Dutch government is promised to take Teperaj against drug tourists street dealing will I like that? Oh man those roster the cannabis growing in the coffee shops reports stated the Dutch government notes that coffee shops made This credit to drug policy of the country in general Professor Hammett Godzzi president of the INCB said there's been a crucial and significant change in the Dutch cannabis policy They say now for the first time that cannabis is not harmless and the coffee shops are not blameless Among the measures being introduced is a private scheme in the province of Limburg or I love their cheese Which bands for us from buying drugs in coffee shops to kill the trade and tourists coming over the nearby borders with Germany and Belgium a Studies being made of strong forms of cannabis which is likely to abandon these varieties in the recently place or targeting people who are cannabis at home If they're not gonna do away with the shrums though, that's a good thing seeds shrums all the things In Britain There's nothing about cannabis here which cannabis right on the verge But anyway Britain cannabis has been downgraded from class B to class C possession of a small amount Cs could be an arrestable offense in most situations Often they saw either power to arrest usually the drug is to be confiscated and users warned They maximum penalty for possession of it reduced from five years to two years Needle ends in Holland dealing in small quantities of cannabis through coffee shops is technically illegal drug uses not an offense Possessing up to 30 grams My no offense though uses and not prosecuted possessing more than 30 grams Is a criminal offense with a C O A N C E got an offense Speaking of on the fence on their tour of tsunami Damaged in Southeast Asia former president Bill Clinton was a lot of his predecessor former president George Herbert Walker bush to sleep on a plane's only bed while he Bubba stretched out on a floor. Wasn't that white of them? I saw in Bubba the jet the government plan of which the president's truly disaster area had one large bedroom another room with tables and seats According to interview with Bush in this week's newsweek Bush 80 said Clinton offered a head of time to give the older former president the bedroom so we could life-flat and avoid painting his body Pettin 58 decided to play cards the other room that night Godwin knows who he was doing there next morning Bush said he peaked in and saw Clinton sound asleep on her planes flow We could have switched places each getting half the night in the bed. He deferred to me That was a very courteous thing very thoughtful and I'm in a great deal to me Bush said those are getting pretty tight You know I notice Bush and he and Clinton are not close but have been compatible on the tour partly because Clinton respects his A because it's an old funny daddy old fart and believe me if anybody knows what that's all about trust me all old funny daddy fart Oh, well seems to me like you're catching up. Yes, I said place probably netty bill Who wishes you would rotten hell? 567 votes on the pool very weak very weak. We might get this 600. I have my dust Maybe if I can extend the show to like four what do you say get molded a oh Go back into like 585 can kill amra cover from Greg Reeds blunders or are we doomed? Don't hear I want listen in the old 297 52.3 percent no you've jerked the audience around too much 75 Yes, I love the new line of 61 the stern business was the end for Greg 47 Waxi will destroy you guys 40 Greg is a genius 27 and the horseshoe and four they've clover must have fallen out He's not real fast when it down. They fell right out 20 for that It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon life from the set of I was superior court It's the Michael Jackson celebrity with the side show picture and a star set of line-up of character witnesses for the defense schedule to appear When she Jones Nick and Aaron Carter and Bradley and Holy Ryan Michael Jackson is one white woman as never a fan with performance is by Diana Ross Corey Polish Chris Tucker Larry came Stevie Wonder Corey Feldman you're a killer and Jay Leno if Michael Jackson goes to jail Oh my god, my mom on plus Steve Harvey Elizabeth Taylor T Fox choker David Lane Martin Bashir And the very special guest appearance by Debbie Roe Michael innocent as long as my mouth is check right It's all coming up on the Michael Jackson celebrity with this side show 1.02560 WQM. I'll pass on it still see nothing about Bobby Blake. Ray you want me why why? I'll suddenly 10 o'clock in the morning up there. Oh, I say they're just getting going I wonder if I turned on court TV you think that they might be all over it on top of its leader court TV He raised the killing parents just a different trial from I want let's go with a Bobby Blake thing I'd like to see you can get off on you. Yeah, me too. Hmm. I'll drive him home 5 670 560 pound fan and we have a few laughs together right we can come into it on the horizon and sing it a rata slimes WQM hello Yeah, I can talk to Neil speaking Neil. I think somebody should choose to get here in the lobby at QM Yeah, and he's special reason or just a general or just with a helmet maybe we can get fit. He said what do you say Just listen to the leg. We're not talking about anything serious in a horse We'll be there wake up. Maybe how about David and boy should have been a foot a little bit Maybe in the toe my wake him up get him out of that coma in fact Have you ever seen Terry Shival and Dave and born together same person maybe when did they before that game I you know that games in Jupiter you're okay to go on those games, right? No, go on on it I have to do the show and I don't know Jim Crawford doesn't so oh Tree Crawford does it there's a good guy. I mean I've never seen do anything engineering wise But he's a good guy big tall guy about eight feet tall right every stole a freight train Of course when it comes to engineering WQM hello Yes, sir. How you doing okay Listen this guy the going to push They're doing boy what they do you that they don't realize What what they say He's got an advantage in saying that They and Brow or how they're gonna get any money because most of the morning No, no, he doesn't say most of the money says the money is gonna go out Save as he said we were gonna get any money is what he said If they only only only until Wednesday Because you know back to the way yeah He talks you don't care about the rest of the rest of the Counties that mean the state getting any money at all He's all a put up okay, no, okay put it on five six seven. Oh five to something really strange with this whole phone thing today The way these are I don't know no, I'm saying no, what he says okay, forget about it line nine You know who it is already QAM hello. Thanks for almost I sounded like Hank. Oh, that was playing a bit. How many QAM hello? QAM yeah, I try to come on the car phone. Yeah, go ahead. Oh, hi I'm sorry, I just want to say that For my president Bush is gonna deny us the right to stop and yet they're gonna go ahead and approve President Bush Not president Bush. I'm sorry governor Bush one in the same They're gonna deny us the plot and yet they're gonna go ahead and approve a stadium that 82% of people are against What happened to us, you know people works for them working for us? Well, he doesn't give a crap about the people and let me say it again. I told the people before to get what they deserve And they put him back in the rig and after seeing four years of what a total jackass is and totally irresponsible What a dysfunctional families got and a hypocrite and a phone even nevertheless They put him back in the rig and now they're reaping the they're so he's so didn't now they're reaping it Yeah, and they're reaping and weeping and weeping now can only help we can take back the way down 2008. It'll be great. Thanks a lot, darling. Oh, yeah We're gonna take them now they're talking condolisa We'll continue to do it. Oh, sorry. Yeah, time to leave against Hillary That's what they're talking that's the scuttle butt. That's crazy talk Well, are you seeing that aren't you reading it aren't you smelling it? I ignored it. Oh You're disgusting knowing it. Start to make Paul Martin look pretty good. Hey, we got 600 votes yet or not We can do it. We have 597 I think if they come pouring in and the ones like the calls we do one a day We can do the same thing. Well, this is brutal man. This is I just I was not prepared for this, you know And I'm not just talking about the vacation because some people order George is and what's down on the wood George? Okay, and I should do what this has been going on for weeks now We are suffering a great read a traumatic blow. We have been struck stricken Exactly you jackass Greg. If I let's get let's end them up there to tell a hassy He and the he and our governor our fat ass governor can hang out together compare worse brother suits I'll tell you one thing Greg can't compete with that. That ass that your governor's got cut He got an ass like a puddle Rodriguez without the roys WQA QAM hello Hey, no, yes, sir. Hey, this is a good news about that bush commercial. Yeah He tells everyone to go boat on that Tuesday Yeah, take a listen to it He's the wrong information What is the right information sir to vote no on Wednesday? Okay, I'm glad you clarified that that's right I forgot the no people you vote on Wednesday. The yes people vote today tomorrow Little slow on the okay. Okay. I'll be on that. I'll get to work my way back into it 567. 056 the pound five 60 of the Verizon and the singular wireless lines majority of Floridians most of them don't they like the idea of investing social security text in the stock market But not if that means losing benefits when the market drops if you're anything so stupid in your life Yeah, all the time that's like saying oh, we like go to the track but only if we can win right I mean, I mean, what is that story? What kind of cocka is that huh? Cocka man just another excuse to reach into your pocket and put the money in the pockets of his big money for Friends, it's what it's all about make no mistake about it. Booted. I think we need to take about 2000 calls between our two o'clock to build it up to a fever pitch really malmice 600 and some votes already we tapped the 600 mark and spider Josh's skepticism right Like you just haven't been the same since you said that Rossi Bernstein sounded like yolded I thought that was a real low shot guy just comes in now He's brand new you know want to come some slack him give me a couple of weeks okay then recommend ass Sounds like a little girl WQAM hello No no patience man. WQAM hello Yes, sir What makes me laugh about the fatty boy up from Tallahassee? What makes you laugh about our fan ask governor sir? That's our sergeant's call fatty boy. You know everybody If he's so much against the crimes that the Slom machines are bringing a really as an elected 24 for high chain link fences around these reservations They're not given any money to the state so we know what the fence around our territory He don't want to take on them Indians man. They don't cite theory You know how they don't vote Curious they don't vote. They got their own people You know it's just it just makes me a staggle laughing that he's worried about our crime and even the PBA the cops Suppled the ass amendment right, so and he's against it, but the cops are They may be like smoke and I know those warm fairs aggressive. They're probably Good luck you pal. Who knows maybe he knows default for all we know you know You know few sacks getting passed around there somewhere who knows what's going on really for sure 567560 pound five 60 They were cool. I said we're gonna get the real result of them for oh, and that's another thing See nobody's even talking about that yet. Oh, they wouldn't fix another election Well, they oh not in Florida. No no way no chance Nobody Q a m hello. Hey Neil. How's it going? All right? Yeah, also as far as the crime I haven't heard any crimes to stick out of the hard rock. I don't see nobody getting beat up or robbed over there So I followed a lose my money. I wrote a losing and give it to the state, you know Amen, amen to that so Jeff Bush you are a jackass Amen again you are a jackass and screwed in in is what we say and Mickey you're just an even more Okay, so it hurts till he's got bleeding oozing roads You think I know he makes me nauseous and the fact that again you're a mayor teeny p.d came in here made that back door deal broke his promise to the public built that stadium Slip the Mickey to the video people in Dave County built that monument to greed and nothing Nothing this and of course if they didn't have they didn't have that hold it him up Then they if probably could be up at arms about that too, but now they're very quiet because they got and as far as sports It's all they got to hang on to because the dolphins bite the big one the panthers don't exist no mole and then that's it Am I right? That's that's how I end of course the marlins are just digging going out with at $83 in the lower stadium But then nobody wants to pay for it. Nobody wants to go to nobody wants to go to nobody wants to go to Or they're freaking orange bull. What do you people gonna get it when you're gonna get it? Are they ever gonna get it? Oh no It's this desperation about you know build a something build a something we'll take wherever you're gonna build I do do something for us, okay, and then we'll stay I would pack him a smoked man go back to Montreal and pack him all a smoked meat sandwich for free How do you like that? It's good. It's not it sucks. Let's grow test a lot of good restaurants in Montreal But stay away from these smoked meat brutal WQA and hello yes, sir fire report. Yeah, I just saw the five 60s and the QA and then heading west On the trail headed to the Mickey Succi play. I think they're gonna go crunching Yeah, I hope they make it good investment because the way things are going we could use the cash What sex is like with an ordinary condoms oh my and this is what sex is like with a broken condom Oh my god, that did not just happen. Did you put that on right think so I better not be pregnant I missed you Broken condoms available now in the back of Walgreens and Oscars first in the dumpster 11 17 at 560 WQA one here about saved with these tragic last days no Tom Arnold tries to help jail the jail bro insisted doing prison time no Huh, no China Phillips reverse rebadding you want to hear about that? No, no You want to hear about oh here you go. This is the I know I had something good here at the Inclarer very depressing You see about Regis? No, oh, then that is way out. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, that oh my god's big news I'll tell you why it's not big news. Why is that? I don't know anybody who watches Regis now That's because of that Vixie's gone. I wasn't no no, they used to watch because they hated Kathy Lee so much and they hated They just couldn't turn it off. I don't know anybody to watch that then oh well So maybe just don't know the right crowd man. It's got big numbers. It's hard. We'll show another right crowd I like the way we just hold the coffee cup though and our shocking move shocking We'll stun America says the Inclarer we just killed him more than a few things most beloved broadcasts is being dumpsters Say the producers of live with Regis and Kelly are looking for a hot young replacement of the 73-year-old star and they're especially interested in survival host Jeff Probst can fight in sighters. You know who that is? Yes, the survival guy. Oh boring But Regis is not ready to close that around his phenomenal career say outrage pals of the TV legend and cider tool They agree and also there's always inciders now that the OJ story that was an insider It said this there's an insider over there who's the insider at QAM? Maybe it's Maddie Bell who's the mole. He's the mole. You ever look at him? He looks like a mole as a mole just now No, he is a mole just one big one He feels like Disney which produces the show is putting him out to pass you so we can put a younger man Sages profited the sure next to Kelly Ripper who's very marginal at best But Regis won't let anyone push him around on the show. He practically created and then it goes on about how pissed off He is the way ABC ruined Millionaire because they put it on almost every now if it's good one night We've let's put it on 15 times a week. It is Michael Davies executive producer and creator of the millionaire Said the show is demise really wrangled Regis It was great on the way up and it hurt on the way down and it hurt more for Regis than anybody else He took it personally it was business and he was taking a person a lot of you like that Okay, a source close to lives that the show's producers have quietly put out feelers nobody cares about their sons Why's that he's an old coat man? Regis right it all us old coats got us together. You know your day is coming man Your day is coming you'll be an old coat right I hope up there in North Carolina Oh, I pray one to run in the world trying to find your way back home. You'll see I know the way trying to find a place to empty your bag right there Right the why 670560 this is one of the worst if I don't know this I'd have taken like an extra three four weeks But we we need to rebuild man. We need to like read tool it you know what I'm saying? Read tool it a whole deal Nobody QA and hello Yes, sir go ahead Oh, I was talking I was three of these kind of regions that shows unwatchable. Yeah, I I want to watch it if you paid me by the second I know I I want to watch it ever so one time I liked maybe watch it and there was just it was just hot I thought it was in the scene of film. Yeah, that's not bad is I just I couldn't take it It was and that idiot they had on that I tell me whatever name is yeah Rick Robo you're right God You're just horrible I can't I can't even think enough well said man said again. It's horrible. Yeah, it's horrible. Okay. Thanks He can't say enough. You know it sucks. It is a bad show you right and we can't see Lee was on there It was one of the reasons not to watch it. She is just a nasty just obnoxious bitch can't sing isn't funny She just nothing, you know nothing. That's sure big big boobs. Yeah, what's that fit? We got oh on that here. We are the kids. Oh, that's your I like it There is a child Living down in Mexico past ago to work every day Sis at his desk Making clothes for fat feeling Loves the work but doesn't love the pain They are the kids Who make this all day They are the ones to make a block of day So come by It's just goes and make it The guy is off to find Is you they make a block of day with Kathy me It's good deal. If they're gonna bother you. Yeah, we're here to the first time 22 after one go back to Notre Dame 567.0560 pound five 60 and a Verizon singer to write a sign. You know, he's gonna go out like bird parks Remember that yes, I do not can't you go out gracefully. You know what it's your time That's really gracefully just like here with me. I can I can smell I can see it just painting off these next four years Just I mean I check right I could have a good time. I would buy it WQA and hello not there QA and hello Yes, sir, are you doing welcome back sure and So it's a great job in fact that much of the audience is just praying I would be back again tomorrow They're entertaining you know, I just I just want to wish you happy and a vote three What I'm going to do Jesus I forgot all about it. I did Yeah, somebody called in you know, and I was like yeah, it's a much some time That was February. What are you doing? There was twenty-nine Parts on a year and so Congratulations Thanks for my time Me me thanks a lot. I forgot all about that. I had it on my calendar. I forgot to mention it's all a couple days I later. Oh no, I got you reminded me holy crap. I guess I should play Oh, I can't play that because I say a D bag Chris and Uncle D bag in there. I can't play that. That goes to show you how far we fall in Joyce Far fallen. That's what that describes us far fallen remember far full of dog That's our star fallen. We just stay a fallen out of grace because Joyce is we just can't continue We can't cut it no more we've had our balls cut off. We've had our arms We're we're delivered like a little like a little munchkin on a plate. That's it. That's all we got left very sad Joyce And nice job in those negotiations to sweet art that really helped us out tremendously I see a massive lawsuit on her rise in here massive humongous lawsuit. I can smell it. Maybe I can get a wig a lawyer to file one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and a variety in singular rivals line WQAM hello. Hey, how's it going all right? Yes, it is oh gosh, I'm sorry. I didn't sound like you I'm sure you messed up can you know, I'll try to follow that other guy happy anniversary Fly your bag or like I said Only nine years man. Can you believe it? Excruciating years in this some pump and is out there. No, I don't believe it. Anyway, somebody's gonna do it Real quick. We got to keep delivering mail Speaking of this thing going on tomorrow the elections. Yes. I thought it was kind of weird because I had a heard something about the Republican party being Having differences with the governor in this issue and I kind of believe it now because since Saturday Including today in tomorrow we're delivering thousands of peasants down here in day county from the Republican party To vote yes on tomorrow's issue So somebody down here is not in part with you know the More on out there and kind of happening so I can't do it Just like to let you guys know so you can pass on the information always love those Your bads you know, I think it's a Christian movement that's in his pocket There you go. It was my de-members board again Bible fumpers man. See it. Hey, how would I? But anyway, how fun with it? I like pali okay. I'm trying to have fun with the fucking funded So here you go. How do you like that? The Republicans are gonna vote yes everybody's gonna vote yes Get out there vote yes, and let's cut the crap let's let's cut the court from the rest of the state Let's stop the end prisoner held hostage by all the Bible thumping rednex in the rest of the state of Florida Okay, but those other 65 counties. Oh, well, let's leave out Palm Beach in the Monroe ride the Kniris right those other 63 counties right? I think it tastes pretty good in Palm Beach in the November positive What's not to like huh? What's not to like Martha Stewart read this film and I like read this He's a high like a fun. I don't like you show. I agree as show is horrible and the millionaire was horrible too It's a horrible And because it was different and because it was height tremendously So they were able to like fake their way through that for a while and then when they started putting on 80 minutes And people again realize what is your wedding sucks, you know So everybody millionaire what wants to see some guys worth like 65 million already when some million for charity That's no fun. It's not exciting. I'd be like watching millionaire juxtail some game right I'd be like watching Josh Barrow and the beast rubby said his bald spot, you know, come on to see that 641 votes on the pool. I'm I'm Chris full and managed this last You know, we've been through a lot ups and downs mostly off-sangiveness, but this is like in it's like a like a Both like a stance through the heart what they've done to this place and everybody else seems to be like Oh, well, it must be waxy. Oh, why I see it in the crap, okay Why I see they got waxy build up they sucked they got Joe rose and they got 20 other hours of what's he on three hours Or four some three yes, and Tony when I was a dead air is basically what they got I got your toast over here Okay, you're toast in the crap 641 votes it just fries my ass that the Medi Bell mentality and a rate peri mentality. Oh, if we get more sports These are gonna be more people to sports. There's only thank God a limited number of people who eat breathe and sucks Sports and that's all they know, okay Lifeless morons even Josh Curtis resents that crowd and he gets paid by the freaking Marlins, okay That's why he puts up with it because he gets paid for it am I right? Yes Well, if I say it there's not a problem there if you say it's our all gee we heard what you then and of course put that on top Well, you said about Rossi Bernstein sound like yo You got some real problems there man and then close what you said about Dave and boring sounds like Terry Shival and a bad day That was pretty weak Emerald coast is Florida's number one 18-gore made with phase riddabies a get restaurant review He still enjoy lobster festive. He prides your son that I'd featuring main lobster thermator and addition the animal coastal still be serving handcar Prime rib and from their flaming grill New York steaks hook to order just the way you love them for those seafood lovers out there that many still includes hot dungeon is crab fresh oysters on a half shell Stone crab claws and a sushi bar with over 30 Different items make sure to leave room for dessert if you're amazing 40 inch chocolate fondu fondue You can hand if your own strawberry is marshmallows and other decked in treats. Don't forget the animal coastal most healthy living There's no crap man. No MSG no cornstarch everything is cooked with only cholesterol free Canola or two don't forget to book your reservations of one animal coast three south of locations They're in sunrise sunny hours vision temper pines for the Emerald coast nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five Seven two thirty eight twenty two for the amazing Emerald toast Chinese buffet On my sisters- careful Break hands you You explain jtb Está White can't feed a no Guess that's what happens when a議 rap test ends around a pat disc end of a close round his jaw You're suffering from these other issues. I used to like this wisdom. I remember taking many same bets at the Gold Resort where we used to change each other's needs. It's all over now for my single pal who put a pole like that. Now I'm 16 with that type of movement in general inside of a pole. As this eye is because I just put some of the poles before the holes. I want to set the record straight that I ain't never said to be. So this is a door, this is a door door. Oh man, when I jumped at in there I just bloored it right out loud. I didn't have a lot of it. I just like that. Yeah, I just like that. Yeah, five, six, seven, five, six. We apologize for the absolute, just totally unacceptable behavior of our general manager. Our whole management team over the last, how many months now? About 30 minutes. I can't believe that we forgot my anniversary. I guess it's an aid of it's an odd number anyway. 29. Right. That's odd. Now somehow I survived to list March one more. Get to be. Holy moly 29 years on the year in South Florida, baby. WKT, even wine mites, now we're better on K. What have we said? I saw that. WKT. I'm I'm I. Look out. We're going to come and get your blind mic when you're at least expected. Oh, I need the problem. I'd be real careful next time I stared at that car. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 1. He's in South Florida, right? Right. Not a problem, not an impediment. 5, 60 under Verizon, singular wireless lines. Do we have any of the steering people still listening? No, absolutely not. Not one. How about you? We don't have one. No question about it. WKT, I am hello. Hey, how you doing? I got better off in the table. Jeff? Yeah. It's funny how he's against the flop. And he says there are dozens of reasons, but he only gives two. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? And they both lies anyway. Exactly. He should just, you know, just stop eating or do something. Yes, you know, stop with the people starting. Okay, thanks. It's not wasting people's time with coming to South Florida with all our crap and wasting time with Terry Shavos body, too. Okay. Go help out in the cool way to please. Go help your co-sort and sister. Look at that. There is not one. Well, there is one far in the front. A little up there. This is pretty weak, George. Yeah. Was it this way all last week? I guarantee your folks were so weak, man. The folks were. Why? The folks were slow. Come on, George. What was this story? Were they on fire? Oh, yeah. Somehow they didn't sound like a real enthusiastic endorsement. Okay. I'm going to leave down the floor. I really am. I'm just, I'm going to take the microphone with you. No, I can. I can just, like, like, I said, I'm being, you know. WCWAM. Hello. Hi QAM. Yes, sir. I was wondering if I can get out of here. I'd like to talk to the bird. WCWAM. Hello. Yeah. What you're out of? Give it or take it or receive it. WCWAM. Hello. Yeah. Rather we see your death notice. WCWAM. Hello. You know, I'm worried today. We're going to be talking about the World War II. We're going to be talking about morality. It's like Michael Jackson given a, you know, given a testimony about child abuse. Jeb, you idiot. See, this is the thing with this whole dysfunctional bush family, including the brother and the Gonsimishbaha. They're all a bunch of, you know, born again, phony, symphagrids, with the abusing and this, they're a coke storting and all the other crappy. You got a dry drunk up there and washing it. I'm not so sure how dry. And you got the coke storting daughter. And you got the one kid, George P, that was doing weedies in a park and a lot. They read it around the naked. And then the other kid that was doing his girlfriend in a park and a lot of the shopping mall. And then you got the wife who's a smuggler. But other than that, it's a one fine family. Yeah, one fine American family. They're good Christians. Of course he's like I said turn canceling. He found religion or kind of rubbed off, you know. He found religion and Mexico. They do that there at the Catholic Church. They rub off on you. And Mexico he founded. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Did you see this special last night on date line for Benny and. No, we had a facts about a George song. He does it at 10 million dollar house over look at the ocean. Yeah. He stays in five to 10 thousand dollar night hotels when he travels. Yeah. Yeah. And you know something. If there are enough stupid people out there, they want to subsidize him. If the government wants to let him off tax-free, then more power to him. Okay. I'm all for scam artists. Right? No. My not. I'm not. I say more power to him. Let's give us a piece. If he gave you a piece, you'd say hey, you go Benny. Turn to the piece. Now he give you a big piece. Not his airpiece, I hope. I know that's earnestly. Say bye. Say bye. Bye. How's Dan and Paul Crock still a bit away lately? We hear a lot of stuff going on with Paul's Crock. Not necessarily with women either. Is what we're hearing. All these silly old people out there, all these desperate shut-ins, man. Right now they're checks in their money and you know, you're going to go to heaven. They got in there. They can buy some more makeup for a gin or maybe for Tammy Faye. All the silly queens out there. They're going to assist with Tammy Faye. No. Like your boyfriend Carlos out there to front this. Let me say it again. I want to say this very, very firmly and very loud. Okay. Now, got it. When you get off that elevator at WQAM and you walk into that very small lobby and soon as the reception desk is one of the nastiest, most ordinary screaming Fagots I've ever encountered in my life with a disposition like the witch from hell. That should tell you everything you need to know about the business, the ass and business operation of QAM. Hey, say bye. Yeah, that's right. Am I right? Is there any doubt about it? Sometimes they see nodlin' them. Who's a sweetheart? We like her a lot. But most of the time you don't see her. You'll know the difference. She's a better dresser. WQAM. Wow. I can't do with you, man. Yeah. Yeah. Holding. Listen, you don't want that badass. Yep. But there's a one the money for the school. Am I a dancer? Because they just want the school to go bankrupt. They just take him to teach them in Italian design. So they could keep voting for them. It gives them more. Absolutely correct, sir. It is my money for public education. You want all for a few schools. You want to bring wash all the children's out there. So we can turn them all into a bunch of living. So much as sheep will turn their money right over to him and his old corrupt family. And maybe even the Pope. Well, Pope's got it. You know, he's got to have a lot of money for recovery. What do you think? For an oxygen. 560, pound 560. How's that pull come? We're going to make it to 700 votes. Because if not, we're in the trouble man. We'll do it. What do we got? Anything you can look to see what we got. Close. And now, chance, sixty five. Are you kidding me? We only got 20 minutes. You must be a Schmidt me man. 665 are really weak weak response to an incredibly important question. These people don't understand the magnitude of these polls we take. Do they? No, they don't. They don't understand that when we finish with these poll numbers, we hand them over to the Committee there and analyze them and they rehash them and thrash them. Pass them along to Joyce and all the corporate briefshops over there in Naples. We're busy time to share holders about the eight complaints against us from the Howard Hill and about the fact that Farella still hanging over our heads. And we said, oh, I didn't even know we paid 55 grand for Farella. Did you know that? I did. Yeah. It was in the article. Did you see it? Yes. Yeah. Pay 55 grand for that. And we finally escaped with our lives from that. Without getting in the license we knew that we bring in Howard's turn to put on here. That we have to chop up a piece of Swiss cheese. And now we got eight more complaints from you know who. What a surprise. Did they listen to me? That I warned him. I say, hey, you're making a bad mistake. And I know nothing, man. I know nothing. There are the experts there. They're intrigued by the possibility of losing the license. They're intrigued. Man. He ought to be on MTV and I'll say, bring back that show Jackass. Who's that? Your buddy. Greg. Oh. And Joyce. And Maddie. And the water Nazi. And Gary Sarner. 19 till 25 60 W 2 Q a m. Even after all this time some people still think it's strange to buy a bed over the phone. When you call 1 800 mattress the number for dialometres. You're fine. A baby with all four trains, now we have the most liballist changed policy. So there's no risk. This is one time when liberal can't be all bad. Did you know that 1 800 mattress is more repeat customers than anybody else in industry? So once you try it, you'll never go back wasting your time and gas enough for it in a showroom or department store again. You'll get no nonsense, no running rounds, no showrooms, you know, against just factory direct prices on the best brands. You know, entrust when you call 1 800 mattress you'll be calling company ranked numeral Uno in customer satisfaction, they carry. SEELY. Sir, No Simmons King. The American Royal temperal pedic Steering in Foster, Hugh and now Downham Actress offered no payments or additional 2006 called Downham Actress 2 day at 1-800 Memphis for all the details. Yours truly, Moord, George, Miguel, Factboy, most of us at QMR all Sendest five customers I've been for years. Call 1-800-Metris right now or log on to mattress.com for the best life you've ever had. 1-800-MATT-R-ES, the easiest as the smartest way to get to a great night on 5660. Hugh and him. But then I got high. Daddy got me in the jail to pass. But then I got high. Now, every word I say is messed up. And I know why. Because I got high. Because I got high. Because I got high. I had to go to Vietnam. But then I got high. But then I got high. I tried to hide out and now I'm a bam. But then I got high. I was waiting to scare the fight. So I rely. Because I got high. Because I got high. Because I got high. After 9-1-1, I was king. But then I got high. I had to catch that Oshama thing away. But then I got high. Instead, I attacked the wreck. And no one knew why. Because I got high. Because I got high. Because I got high. But then I knew. Now we've got a big deficit. Because I got high. Even Republicans are throwing a fit. Because I got high. Now the whole country is messed up. And we all know why. Because I got high. Because I got high. Because I got high. Any questions? Yes Mr. President. What about health care? I ran in Social Security. What do you plan to do? Hold on. Let me think about it. You know, I say we get them. Hold motion. Stand. One forty seven. And I'm sure that in some of the churches on Sunday they were preaching about to go out tomorrow and vote against the Evels of the family. Okay. Right. Then it's all right. As long as they can stick in their pockets like many hindays and whatever his name is, many hind. Then that's okay. But if somebody else might benefit from it, if we're going to get some tax dollars, and people are going to get some great jobs or even decent jobs, well that's bad. Because they wanted all for themselves. They're a bunch of chozors. There's a russian say chozors. You know what that means? I don't. Here's a fact from Rocco who says you haven't seen them since you're in Toronto. Lucky you. Amen. By the way, it's forty one degrees here. Oh my god. I got to get out into it. I got to just walk outside and feel it. You know what I mean? Forty one degrees. It's a freaking heat wave. But the signs for the anti-slots crowd that are on the streets say no slots, no details, no way. But it's a top of them. And you know, here's the governor if I can interrupt Rocco's facts for a moment. Can I rock out that you? He comes out of no spots and he says, well, the legislature has to create the legislation. Well, of course they do so. Are you telling us that the legislature's going to subvert the world of the public again? And not going to do it the way it's supposed to. Huh? Is that what you're telling us that the legislature led by you is incompetent. You lying second crap. Anyway, if the a top of the billboards it says, remember to lottery. How we can say about that is if a lot of these no good wire or the governor in his minions getting rid of that. They have to spend as much on lot of advertising as on the payouts. Forward for us stay at home for a soft floor tonight. Squaw Rocker. Have a preaching that for like twenty some years. We'd have casinos our own governor and state legislature within a four hour drive. And we wouldn't have to share our taxes with racist fascist red nex and Tampa F. Tampa keep up the great horses. Rocker. Ashquaw Rocker. You go boy. What do you say? Dave Hood for Sanford. Let's succeed. If you're going to succeed you have to succeed. When you say all right it's been done and then legalize weed on this. What I read. Oh, I say Greg read. Oh, look at that. We're going to make seven hundred votes. So I guess Josh keeps his job. I would do a lot of break. One more day. That he was going to lose his job both with the Marlins and our show if we didn't get to seven hundred votes today. One more day for one. Josh keeps his job for one more day. Oh, no. Why are you doing this to every day now? Why not? A little bit of heavy do these stress. That's as bad as I'm making him say Tom Brady's a hot looking guy. You made him do that man pole for like a month. That I did not for like two weeks. Are you crazy or what? Man pole my ass. Six hundred ninety six votes. We still got four to go. It's not in a sack. Can't sweet hard. Still got four to go. And of course you know how it gets because you got a scare America. You got boog steering. You got to rush. You know, once we get to the last part of the show. Not that we're starting out so great anymore. Now the Greg is the kill us. But we get to the ass end of it man. It would kind of slow down to a crawl. It could be really really nippentuck. Two or the same. It really Roger. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. I'm. I'm. Happy anniversary. You'll thank you so much. I bet you they had balloons and food and all kinds of stuff. Yeah. I bet you they had balloons and food and all kinds of stuff. Yeah. I bet you they had balloons and all kinds of stuff. But I'd like to say that I'll come down. The doctors will have the power. To take some teams out of the screen. Any other about a half an hour. The human that falls out. We'll be human. There's no doubt. There will have your face. They can take your place. And with the folks that doesn't matter, just can't teach. You look like you but more random and half ten fingers, maybe When you look into a sign, you're bound to recognize A clown again, I'm not sure the... It seems to me that just want of me Alone in the world is always wanted It won't be more than we don't need to We don't need to And if you wait as you're more here You'll be drinking all your beers You might take a ride on your brand new ride Realizing your worst fears Because when you're holding me There's still be added heat Grab your five and then fashion on your chest Kated you are a chilly hours Thought's interested Have the thing Kated at CL reps All your flow Let's hope the signs have present To bring it onto your Barr Don't who you passed away Don't give you pien the air To83 The whole sultinas Tart The whole sult moms seven hundred fifty votes your safe so I guess they must have that's why you were reminded of it they must have like big doons on March 1st for my anniversary yeah yeah we had a big party I mean I was last what was March for a nice two day you're right and I must have like balloons and all kinds of party favors and say for instance both papers right right oh yeah cuz I know that here I got like a telegram and right flowers and phone calls and nothing free so I did get my checker late got my check later was really great and I just got again Clarissa all new other figures over there see I know what they do when baby comes up on a Friday there's always some emergency that happens so that way you can't get into money afternoon which it's a stall is them over until Tuesday so I used to think I was joking about that about this being a hand-in-mouth company I don't think so because until your close friend Greg puts his little squiggle on a check it means NG NG is an uh-uh don't do it when it doubt don't give that baby out 715 votes on the pool and by the way you notice once and thanks to that guy I called it in your mind because I totally forgot about you know about the big anniversary 29 I mean that's that's a pretty impressive year 29 sure absolutely 30 so yeah and I noticed that after he called it you see the way the phones just look happy and there was one guy who said something right still nothing's going to change the station ain't going to change the market isn't going to change the people are going to change it's still the same a heartless a cold insensitive cruel rude angry etc be sure go out and hope we ask by the way several times today and tomorrow and then of course if you're against the thing on Wednesday and go vote no 717 votes can WQM recover from Greg reads latest blunder or are we doomed it ended it and believe me he's got a list of wonders uh- longer than your arm don't care I only listen to the old 775 52.3% know you just jerky audience around too much one oh three yes I love it who laughed 78 the stern business was the infragrated 59 oh how we only wish waxy will destroy you guys 46 46 people say that they believe it all suck they got Joe and Yamama Greg is a genius 32 which means many velvet multiple times he you see him in a water Nazi underwear iria sarner oh yeah let's get that about infragrated he's a genius and the horseshoe and for the clover must have fallen out of Greg's back though he asked 24 said that tomorrow I'm sure we'll get lots tremendous amount of congratulations do you think all the rams letters right flowers hey meal okay mow is next mad dog is for you bye bye