All right, it's time to turn it over to Neil. He takes up some food and then Howard and then Matt Darfows that. Do do do do do do do do. How's your weekend? It was just fine. He's evening. I had a bad shrimp on Saturday night. Did you really? I was yesterday just the mess. It's yours? No. Oh no. So it doesn't serve bad fish. Where did this happen? You're not going to say that. Why not? I just can't do that. Maybe they're an advertiser or something. Are they? I don't know. Was it a freebie, is it it? No. No. We're saying a pay for it. I paid for this. I was ripping an ass. I put him out of business. Yeah. Full things happen. Yeah. Their bad stuff happens. Yes. This like this morning, I thought I got rid of that child. And all of a sudden it comes in again with that morning. Go away, Duff. You silly person. You fairer. Get away from me. What do you last Monday? When you think you keep his distance, I made a very clear. In fact, that was one of the things in I'm sure in your deal too. Is that Joyce trying to get us to sign? What are the six thousand reasons we can get fired will be for in the subordination. Remember that? Yeah. I don't know what we'll get to find. Yeah. I asked a, I thought a pretty good question. Who's to define in subordination? They are. In other words, if you look at somebody cross-eyed, up in subordination, you're fired or at the release suspended. Right. By the way, got some good news for him. I've been thinking in a couple months now. Yeah, but that's because Skurane is going. You'll have to find somebody else to pick on. Very shy. Bo's got some good news coming. Jose can Siko is going to come in and inject her with steroids. Right in a minute. Back though, she's going to hop right up out of that hospital. Go ahead and do the Holy Gully. You watch. Yeah. This is like, this is like, alien all over again. Up to madness. This whole country. This is what's going on. He's an animal. Yeah. I played a tape from Bush's state of union address. Yeah. Where he talked about. I've looked at him. Where he talked about getting rid of steroids. Yeah. He was fortunate enough. Last week, the night before the congressional hearing, he said that baseball has done a good job of policing steroids. I mean, it doesn't matter what the subject is. And he accused, you know, he accused, he accused, he accused, carry a flip flopping. Yeah. Yeah. It's brutal. There's no escape from the see there. We don't have the right to do anything for ourselves anymore. He is what America's all about. Damn. He's sized by the nose by the media. Intrusive is another one. To have the grave robbing media. But I want to think happy thoughts today. That's it. Be happy today. Go out there and win a whole bunch. I'm going to get a positive. Instead of don't lose too much. What a crap load of money today. That's right. When thousands, I ran into a guy who's in notorious jinx. Yeah. People, he's like, mush. People see him at the track. They run the other way. Yeah. I run into him. I'm signing up. My gas tank for about $80. Another wonderful thing that's going on here. Let's price a gas up in Canada. About four bucks a gallon. Oh. Never mind. Anyway, he walks up. Shake, shake, hand, says hello. And I knew then I should have turned around and gone home. Just spent a day in bed. Instead, I went on to the track and got crushed. Really? Yeah. Hey, Catalosing Day. Well, I may say everybody else feel more, you know. Yeah. Whenever he shows up, it's amazing. I'm people like that. Like, um, lester Green sure that Carter years ago. He was always a curse. And then at the top of it, Mr. Z. Oh. And then also, I heard you talk about him. You're a role the shoe man at Pompano Park. He's just at the table right across from me in fact, rich, Western peace. And at any time, he would show up there. Be a disaster. Yep. You, also, he was a tout. He's a tout. Great. That's such a journey that tout is bad luck. Mm-hmm. Well, you have a nice day. And you two, and when a bundle, let's look at it real positively. Okay. And don't know in subordination this time. No, I mean, when is gone. Keep your nose clean. I've been good boy. Don't be picking on the water, not seeing any of those other bastards. We got running around making everybody's life miserable. It sounds a pity. But you're not by the way, Duff. You're fair. Get away from me. Go away. Don't pick on somebody your own size. I'm out of here. Have a great day, Humper. See ya. I lost his ass at her dad. I'm not sure more. You're a boy. You're a boy. He's a boy. He's a boy. She won your heart in the numerical worker. Despite her handicapped, she left behind a life-time of achievements. And now, with a discovery of rare audio takes, found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey. Death Jam Records makes available to you. Helen Keller, St. Louis, the Blues. A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out of pound his sound. Two order yours. How do you pay the card rate? And call 1-800. Order now, and get a bonus of two ex-fogs. Five barley matlin and Johnny Ray. Is a 10-05 at 5-16-WCM? How insensitive and cool would you say? You bastard you. Yeah. You miserable, heartless bastard you. See, I just refused to be one of the lemons in America who gets manipulated by the media. Whatever the media, I haven't been saying this for years, and with since way back with alien time. Whatever the mass media tells you ought to be whipped up into a frenzy about whether it's steroids and baseball, whether it's Terry Shive, everybody's like, you know, just go step by step right along. I'm going to be very honest with you, and for very few time. And that is, I don't really care about steroids and baseball or Terry Shive. How do you like that? Either one. I've got a second. Man Miguel, you care about either one of those? Then it's a fairly good. Oh for three, and it's a panel so far. George is on vacation this week, by the way. He didn't get suspended or anything like that or fired it in this part of Maddie Bell and Greg Weed's strongest wishes. What is this? Did you send me something here? Yeah. Well, why is it that they crossed? Why do they do that? The blood of the cross, their neema, from so and so, and then they cross their neema? Oh, it's to the Harold. Right. I find that a real political involvement in Terry Shive all absolutely. On the illegal seismist anonymous or mis? The doctors have made a prognosis and the woman's husband and legal guardian is made as wish his crystal clear. Today, I healthy, strong, energetic, personal, most certainly dying Iraq. His or her parents and loved ones will be the only people likely to give any notice to the young soldiers loss of his right to live. Yet the entire country wants to have a say about a branded woman's right to die. No, not the entire country. Just a grand standing, pan-ringed Congress. And with Tom Delay, it's a good way to take this spotlight off of his legal problems since he's the biggest curtain congress. Anyway, this goes on to say I find it very disconserting that so many of our politicians from our nation's leaders on down are governing by person on religious beliefs rather than what is right for the citizens of this country. Whether something gay, married, abortion-abrained, and women's right to die, for example, is spiritually correct. A sin or right in the eyes of God should not and must not be consideration when passing religious places. And must stay that way. Freedom of religions, one of the things that separates the U.S. from other countries. Like barbaric Cal countries like Canada, for example. If we govern our country by the religious beliefs of our politicians that were no different than Iran, Ireland, many of the other countries, turn a part by religion. I beg every man and woman in this country who's voted into a political office. Remember you have been placed there by the citizens of this country to cure our legislation for all people. You're not there to change anyone's religious beliefs, or govern by your own personal beliefs. You're not let 200 and 29 years of freedom get away. And whoever this anonymous factor is, good thoughts, but they're little bit late. A little bit late. Of course he's on the barn already. The party's over. Now, got a great calm here and even though my guilt isn't like the reading. I couldn't care less. Go for it. And you know that memo that internal Republican memo that they deny had any influence whatsoever about how they're going to make political pay over this. Keep in mind that Randall Terry is going to be speaking with the Schindler's tomorrow. He's on his way from Texas to be not already there. Randall Terry, which I, if you don't know who that is, I've got the whole story on him. And of course his gay son. You're fair. Jamie L or whatever his name is. Doug Thompson writes the rant for a capital hill below. He sums it up as usual. My scondog, a political feeding frenzy over a feeding tube. He writes with a cold, callous political tool. And by the way, but we're not doing a poll today. And we're doing food this week. I'm not doing a so-yes poll on Terry Shaw. Although we've got the National results and not looking to difficulties. Pandroom Republicans. Oh, US Supreme Court rejected peel by accused that button tone, conspirator. Zacharias, Zacharias, Musaui. He used to be Zacharias. Now he's a curious. Whatever that means. He wanted access to how to win this as far as defense. And they said, absolutely not. Anyway, with a cold callous political toy, the harpies who call themselves conservatives and Republicans have taken a hypocrisy to a new level by interfering with Terry Shaw was right today with some dignity. Forget the balshments, filling out of the halls of Congress and the west wing of the White House. Sonny's incredible actions to prolong the shameful saga of a brain damage woman who's been on a feeding tube since 1990. This has nothing to do with compassion. And has everything to do with advancing the repressive right wing agenda of the Zellots who taken over the west government. If George W. Bush had a single compassionate bone in a typical body, he wouldn't have sent 1500 possible Americans to their debts in Iraq, along with the untold thousands of innocent Iraqis who viedness illegal war, one rubber stand by his co-conspirators in Congress. Now we're supposed to believe this claim of murderers has given a, gives a rat's ass about whether or not a feeding tube is reinserted in a woman's body in Florida. It ain't about life, it's about control. It ain't about compassion, it's about seizing on a political opportunity to advance a conservative agenda that will give the government more domination over all of our lives. Before the seizure that left her hopelessly brain damage, Terry Shaw, of a total husband, she did not want to be kept alive of something like this ever happened to her in most societies. This is called free will. But free will cannot exist in a political world dominated by the hypocrites in Congress and the hypocrites in chief at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The laws of the land need nothing to those who put their own agendas of our Americans right to determine their own destiny. Bush is a G.D. liar when he claims this issue is about life, so are the wing notes who control Congress. The Republican Party used to preach states rights. The state courts made the decision in the shadow case, but now the GOP-operatunis want to make this a federal case, but the emergency legislator says it requires the federal court to intervene. Christ Almighty has anyone these effing idiots looked at themselves at him merely, and realized what fools they made of themselves not to mention the mockery that the US governments become? How can a party that sends Americans to die in illegal wars and supports expansion of the death penalty, say, with the straight face, that they care one out about human life they don't? These dismissed don't give a shmit about rights at one time they did but not anymore. What's the Holy Roarers and Religious hypocrites hijack a Republican party? Any hope for a firmest decency and honesty will write out the window. Hopefully, if federal judge will tell Bush and his harpies to take a hike and talk to a party with a law-tory Shavo to die in peace. Perhaps it's a good thing that Terry Shavo is unaware of the political circus around a heroine to die, and it's bad enough that the rest of us have to endure the stench from the pupured writing corpse of the dinosaur called the Republican Party. Managed to the dark Thompson on Capitol Hill Blue's grave, it's federal George say. The best. Bring this stuff, eh? Farewell, you're a bastard. From the producers of American Idol, from the heart-forming collection of the Christians are printed by America's sweetheart, Terry Shavo. I've got the power to come to the world, I've got the power to come to the world, I've got the power to come to the world, I've got the power to come to the world, I've got the power to come to the world, I've got the power to come to the world, I'm sure he likes to say. Look how he's smiling. Yes, it's Terry Chival, live from Rung to Porto. The other equation available now from the sub-bid press. She's library cheetah live, she do it because that's me and they want me in and they already will do. Let's get that tool back in there again, baby, we've been forward two days. You're going to hell. That's ridiculous. What? That's what brother says. They've had all of these people on all weekend, 26 hours a day. The brother says he's vibrant and she's expressive and she's going to get up and dance to cause I'll ask you something like that, as what he said. Thanks for letting me. Yeah, she's belting up the hits, baby. Anyway, here's the appul for today and I'll give you the results from Friday. We'll do it backwards. We got a pretty weak band-roll. I didn't even look to see who we had on the beat at Curtain because somebody was in this morning taking up my time. He was only in there for a minute, but it was too much. Don't you understand, I've wounded my existence for the last time. You are a negative, a big fat negative in my life. You're behavior a week ago today, just over one week ago now and about the, let's see, 23 minutes plus was unacceptable and it's never going to happen again, just go away. See, it's one of the things about your viving in life is that you have to eliminate as many as the negative forces in your life as possible. Get rid of them. Just like that, pin the S wife. You got to get rid of her, dump her. Just like Bobby Blake, you know? You can say, get rid of her. The bitch had to come in. For a very grander one, I just sounds Dutch to me, who is she? I don't know, you got the bio, right? No, I don't. I didn't. I didn't even look at it until just during this break. It's just dawned on me with all this other stuff we had going on. We didn't have the phones working until about five minutes before airtime. We've got, you know, our usual Monday morning blues at 2 a.m. Because we have people coming over to weekend and diddle and diddle and diddle and diddle and diddle, boat diddleies in there. He's doing and diddle and diddle and diddle and diddle and diddle and diddle and diddle. God. And so, so every Monday morning isn't a mitigated disaster. That's the other reason we don't need certain people coming in there. You're fair. Because you've hung the same thing every week. Enough and changes anyway. Am I right about that? Absolutely. You have to answer. At least the Miguel could answer. You don't have to answer to him. No, do you? No. No. The best Italian restaurant in Florida. We're doing food all this week. That's a suggestion in one of our poll builders out there. That's pretty good. It's like they do one new times in city length. I think we are even. Huh? That's the best of this week. The best Italian restaurant in Florida. No pizza joints. Is I got to a start. I didn't put a munder yet. Ill Molino. IL. Capital MOLINO. Molino. Just like Victor Molina. The jocky. Ill Molino. And Donna Tello is in Tampa. You can put in the out of town. When she can put in parentheses. Donna Tello is in Tampa. Can you spell Donna Tello's DO and ATELO. Pasta V. Donna John. God. Yeah. He used to watch an inditerrtle thing. What does that mean? The Ninja Turtle Teenage Roo and Ninja Turtle. You never saw that? Yeah. He's watching that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's how to give you something more to do. So you can pay like a little bit more attention. I realize this is not your alley, but you know, you're going to get with it. We can bring back Miguel's country made there. Hola. We can bring him back. Right. Ill Molino. I just can't think of that many really great Italian restaurants. I'm talking about ones that are open. Right. And no pizza joints will do that on separate full. From Friday, who's your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs and booze? Or both? Razzle direct result of. John Voluci. No contest. 529 weight. Just under 2000 votes. Elucius 529 wins by over 300 votes. Jimmy Hendrix, 2023, Chris Farley, 1999. Elvis, 159. That was something about Hank having some bad. See you over the weekend. Because when a big fat guy like me or Hank has a bad, you know, gets a whole of a bad bowl of grits. Watch out. Wow. Tim Morrison, 136 Merlin, and then way down after those top five, way down. Merlin Monroe, 57 Kirkco, Bain 56. Bernie Bruce 44, Jerry Garcia, and old dirty had 43 of peace. John Bonham 40, William Holden 39. Bon Scott of ACVC 36, Jan. 35, has Judy Garland had 35. Johnny Cash 29, Hunter S Thompson 23, Keith Moon 23. River, a finis, 22. Bradley Noel of Sublime 21, Charlie Parker, 20, Sid Vicious 18, Andy Giv 16. Rich James 15, pretty Prince 13, Jack Kerr White 12. Phil Lyne at Thin Lizzie 10, Shannon Hoon of Lion Well and Old Dammit at 10. I don't have it in there. Did he remoenate David Ruffen 8, Bobby Hatfield of the righteous brothers 7, Ryan Jones of the Stone's Five. Montgomery Cliff, you're fairer for Steve Clark, Jeff Lebrd 4, John Colbs, Mama's and Papa's 3, Frankie Lyman had 2, not just the one chronic Frankie Lyman guy, but somebody else, maybe voted twice. And Gene Vincent, out of almost 2000 votes, poor Gene was Vibaba Lopahe, Alula. You're fairer. Nothing. That's incredible. You think just out of sympathy, somebody voted for Gene Vincent, Vibaba Lula. I remember that too. I don't. I was a member of his smash. Well of course, you know, it was like 1957 or something like that. So we need some names for our pool greater than any restaurants anywhere in the state. The reason I'm doing statewide is because, then our people like in Palm Beach County and the people on the West Coast are given the ones listing online. Give them something to do. Okay. In addition, which way we get to like steak houses, don't you think burn steak house in Tampa is certainly going to get a lot of votes? Yes. You've been there? I have. Well, how do you like that? Josh Curtis has been to burn steak house. He's just learning about body wash, but again, you know, haven't been to Donatella's though on tailmaid. And a lot of good restaurants in Tampa, I have no idea why. For such a bunch of mugwams, I mean, really, and the end of the day, I was over there. You think that would be hard to find a good restaurant in Tampa. They have really good food. In fact, that steak intake long before we did, they have crystal, which isn't really quality, but it's, you know, it's something that's right. That's the way we don't have. That is correct. So it just goes to sure, it's not for a continuously. If it's not real soft and you can't dump it, then it's not for a lot of, you know, they don't want it, you know, you have to be able to gum the food. Like in that taste called duff, said buffet. Yeah, duff's buffet used to be on a pines and whatever it was. Pines and Hollywood Boulevard. Isn't Hollywood Boulevard pines? Yes. Yeah. And what is it? What's the street I'm thinking of? You're used to live there in tempered pines. Taps street, tapped in the pines. 560560, pound five 60 on a variety of things, sing it a bottle of wine, all this political rancid anyway is not going over real big. I give you the results in a minute of the ABC polls on this. You'd be shocked when you heard. And the fact that Randall Terry is coming in from Texas to support the shindlers in this pathetic, Randall Terry, the violent anti abortions. And his direct quote where that is that sir. And don't forget his son is you, fairy. What was that direct quote that he had about what he would do for abortion doctors? And of course that was what he was all about. I heard his. He said, when I or people like me are running the country and better flee because we'll find you, we will try you and we will execute you. That's Randall Terry is coming in to give some aid and comfort to the shindlers. Come to the QAM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm calling about the parrot. Yes. For Italian restaurant. Yes I'm listening. For waterdale. Please call it moderano. Moderano. Moderano is in poor waterdale. But that's going on. Oh, my God. Maybe that's a big example. Give me like a little tea. Moderano, M.A.T. You know, I believe it's M.A.T. You are M.A. And I always from Philadelphia. Okay. It's outstanding. Okay, got a ton of text on. Moderano is in poor waterdale. That's a tie in a sounds a tie in anywhere. I mean, like shorts is wouldn't be it. Oh, I got another good one for you. How about runway 84? I noticed that both deal was talking about. It's been a time out of dead man with a feeding tube. What are they going to take out? I'm a species feeding tube and the pope. Yeah, you know, I heard a little bit of that on the board when I walked in and yes, that bit sounds exactly like on this. The lion. Exactly. That's him. He's a dead man in the chair. Take the tube out. Right, though. My mom is in the OBVN. Pull a plug. So moderano is because in runway 84, you got that. That's Anthony is runway 84 and 4. Lotterdale. You ever been there? No. Man, that's not only is it a fabulous. I know a mole I said a lot. He probably gets free with you there and so do I. But they give you so much food. It's fabulous. And when you walk in, it looks like a scene out of like Godfather. There's a lot of real interesting guys and pinstrives suits and big hats. I'm not suggesting that anybody like you know what I'm saying. It's a guy like that. It's a guy like that. Huh? But you're a fact guys in hot chicks. That guy's in hot chicks. And lots and lots of food. Man, it's unbelievable. In fact, if you need me, you'll understand how humans are got so big. You're listening to me. You're not just a man. Exclusively. On 566. On 666. On M. When you join my wife and kids at the all of three restaurants, now my uncle Tony, he's in Italian cuisine connoisseur. If it ain't perfect, he's not happy. And I couldn't believe when he said the chicken pound was on was the best he'd ever tasted. Plus he kept raving about the free breadsticks and all the salad you could eat. My uncle Tony recommends you come down to the all of three because when you're here, you're family. And by that I mean, you know, in the family. Like last night, this couple was done eating right? And they were walking out of my uncle says, what you going? And they say, well, head and out to see a movie. And Tony says, huh, huh, huh, not so you head down to the four ice club and put a hit on a f*** hobo moroni. And these people freaked out right? They started laughing because any real ice man was serious. And once you eat at the all of three, you're in the family, right? So Tony stands up and he says, what's so funny? Do I am new you? Am I something kind of clown or something? Then he takes the steak knife right? And he starts sticking this guy. And he's sticking him and sticking him right? Well, anyway, the meal was fucking great. We ought to treat restaurant when you're here, your family forever. Oh, you asked this record to hold emergency hearing. I've Terry Chavo, a three-to-half-millimeter, and how do you like that? Oh, my God. Exactly. So anyway, somebody suggests we're a pool. Oh, you know what else ought to be on there? Yeah. Even though Miguel will get very upset about two bad. What's that? Matthew and he grew up. No, they're great. Well, then should we put like karate on that? Well, give me a big, great, you told me you'd probably show you a hit that place. Don't know why, okay? Don't lie. Well, my, why would you say that? Just like Hank, I wasn't out this morning. I mean, if you eat bad food at a restaurant that makes you sick, and you know they're not a sponsor on a station which I'm sure they're not. He had some bad... See, then talk about it, right? What's all that we owe away? We should protect the audience out there from going and getting sick at some place. Anyway, macaroni grill. What's that like? I don't care what you say because what's all the you know about food anyway? What are your beans and rice and guava? What do you know? What are the bad guys? Yeah, whatever the hell it is. You just, and you're maybe a no-chase and no other garbage. What about Corabas? What about it? And number eight, there's a good? You've never eaten there? Well, let me review it. I don't know about food. I mean, it's, uh, it's fairly, you know, it's really known that thought you would, you know? But yeah, I'm putting up the question is not have I eaten there. And I have Megalito eaten there. Is it good? But yeah, first of all, the bet, okay, we'll put it on there. What do you want to do? It's not a running grill, basically. Well, put it on there. Moms, moms, moms! Yeah, somebody facts this in. Moms is in Hollywood circle. Well, you better put Moms on me as Hollywood. So, because I have a feeling there might be more than one. Moms, moms, moms, moms. See what I'm saying? All right, I'll have to fix it. Moms in Hollywood. Oh, you already had that, I don't know what to do with it. I like this story. A little love of the here to show that there are a lot of religious, uh, crazy people out there. That's what's wrong with America today is crazy. What are the religious people? That's why you got to bush mice here. And I also want to say this, I watched five minutes of eat to press yesterday, and I wanted to vomit. Even worse than having some bad seem. Oh, good God. Talk about totally selling out. And there's David Broder and Ron Brownstein in this other panel of lunatics and Tim Russell. They're sitting around talking about these great nominations of bushes made of these very strong people. John Bolton and Paul Wolfowitz. And I'm taking it myself. That's the end. That's the end. Benito, Benito, baby. Here's the keys to the kingdom of the sea later. Man, it is a scary. Rick says, my favorite to send you restaurant is Rosanella. Rosanella's, Rosanella's. Lincoln Roachsaupeech and Miami, the great-veal parm, the Grisville parm in the world. Well, real parm, Rick would all do respect. I like it, but that's, yeah, that's great, sure. But anyway, it's kind of like America to tell you. But anyway, it's definitely going to go on there. Rosanella's, you got it. Lincoln Roachsaupeech and in Miami. The greatest-veal parmigian. I love the old parmigian. I think it would be good Italy. I don't know if I ever had the old parmigian in the, I guess so. I guess. As a fact, our a story from Michigan town Indiana, could it be Satan? A central Indiana petchopholnus is a turtle that was the only animal to survive in our tober fire, has developed an image of Satan's face on its shell. Oh, my God. Brian Doros says it looks like the devil wants us to know that he was there. Doros says he can see a goatie and a pair of poitie horns on the shell of the pomsized reddyard slider, turtle named Lucky. He says Lucky is healthy and its behavior hasn't changed. Investigators couldn't determine the cause of the fire, which destroyed the adorable petchop. That's that adorable petchop. Several other businesses in Frankfurt about 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis. Doros has produced a DVD of the turtle's story that he plans to auction on the internet. He'll also offer the winning bidder the chance to buy Lucky off-line. Wow. Just a turtle treat. A turtle would be the image of Satan's face on its shell that survived the fire. He is Lucky, man. They can't mistake a motive. I want to let a couple of religions illegal where its outlawed. And I'm not talking about China either. I just want to impart this crap. Crazy people. The religions started the one who spew the Haiti and tolerance. They stupided the Stone Age mentality. And there was the pope again the other day by the way, speaking of an Eden some oxygen or a feeding tube. And he's got the pomsundae. He's got the pomsundae. He's got the pomsundae. And he's making the little broats of the era airing airing the little cross. They barely can move a dead man in a chair. That'd be a good pull. I've said it before. Who's the deadest of them all. Terry Shavo, Don Amis, or El Papai. Which one? Five. So we got two different things going on today, which is good. I'd rather talk about food anyway, then the Terry Shavo is an a permanent vegetative state. See, there's no doubt that she's in a permanent vegetative state. Because she's in Florida. I think that's what they're talking about. There's candle coffee again. What does it mean? What's the message we know? Oh, God. 19 different judges already ruled on this in the state of Florida. But the grandstanders up there, you're right wing grandstanders. Oh, it's a hot button issue. It's a right to life. We can pan to those right wingers. We can really, yeah, right. Great. And we want to pass everybody else off. Because the full show, the overwhelming majority of of our even Republicans disagree with his grandstand. Work. I say, let's do away with local and the state courts. I'm just a court. Let's just have the federal government decide. Even as a Supreme Court. They've got them in their pocket. Just like Donald Coral, he'll head all in judges in their pocket. Well, these people, like I know everything in their pocket. Like a bunch of shoplifters. They're pockets are full. They got everything in there. So just to serve everybody else's power, forget the Constitution. Just burn it and throw it away. And they'll do whatever it hell we want. That'd be too way in, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Great. Listen, one of the best, if not the best, is a press called Monday's MUNTIA and it's a good idea. Yeah. There were on Charles Street in Hollywood for eight years. And now they just relocated to Dean, you're going to cross my line. Okay. And it's absolutely, as they would say, in that neighborhood, the ball. All right. Thanks a lot, Kelly. All right. Thanks, Neil. Monday's got it. What's the other place I was thinking of? It used to be one of our sponsors for long time. George would know what he's not here today. What tell was it? Jeez. That's embarrassing. He used to be in Tamrak and there was an foreloader. But I'm not sure they're still in business. What tell was that place? It was one of our five sponsors. The food was sensational. It was spectacular. Carol. Her name was Carolyn. Was the owner? From every year. I remember the place. And that bizarre? Yes. She was very nice. She was a loved me and she was a sponsor. Oh, a lot of Tevernette there. See, I knew it would come back. But I don't know if there's still open or not. How do we find out? I guess we'll wait for a collar or fast before we put a lot of Tevernette back on it. Because they were really great in Tamrak, but they moved before a lot of day. I'm not sure that over on a beach on the beach. And I'm not sure there's still there. I guess we could put it on there. And then if it gets votes, that would mean it would still be there. And we can always take it off, right? Exactly. Or is that a little bit too much work? I don't want to like, you know, it came up on Google. So I think it's around. Yeah, it's in the yellow pages too. Is it really? Lot of Tevernette. I'll stay in the very, very fact. That might be the winner. Same by the way, very near. I mean, really sensational. Not just like, you know, slopp. Like somebody's Italian joins to be like Franco American spaghetti. I'm talking about Lot of Tevernette. It was really gourmet cuisine. Quizzume. Pinietto is in plantation and in western. Somebody passes in. Thank you so much. VIG and ETL. I don't know why I should have to scull you have to facts, right? But you don't get to facts. We don't get to it. I got it. Vignette, though. That sounds pretty good. I mean, for the name. I said, you know, it's a good name. Who's nice to be? I don't know. We'll find out. We're going to bunch of votes on here once we get. That's why we really have to take the first part of the show on these rice grand shows. Get a bunch of stuff on here. Before I start reading this boring stuff and go back to Tariah and these polls, the ABC poll that shows overwhelming America says enough already. It's crap. An oven of old crap. People listen. People are dying all over the world. They're worried about steroids in Tariah. Many ass, lunatic. Ray Robyn. 26. You're crap. So why am I'm low green? I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. Yo, son. Dragon after a tough day, ramen over fat piece. The unique chill in a Jaysee pool of clinus. You're only ched as I'm by me. Multi platinum recording artist Jaysee. Check this bad boy out. Yo, bciffin and trippin. The GG4 with clinus got 24k gold cup holders and armrest. Speaking up to hold 8 magnus and crystal yanks. And this see this extra why. Just to take your short if he answers that by y'all saying. I can't see what you does and big boy. What a big. And he has the best part. The GG4 with clinus. Just a four position y'all. Business, Maxis, relaxin. And mad pizzy. And take this. The bad the GG4 with clinus. It's perfect. So our Kelly Day. He'll off your stage. Yo, what's up? GD4 with dynamism. Get paid. And put what a yuck trip today. 1046 and 560. WMG. I got more. Give it a go. And I got good for it. Geldie and Hollywood dog track at 79. And he can't attend a clock. That's our award winning lineup. I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. And I think it's a good idea. Well, how do you like that? A little too expensive for what I think it is for your taste. So what about what about runway 84? You can't afford to be going there. I don't think I've been there. But maybe mobile ticket there. I'll say no to that. You're saying no to Mo. Shame on you, Bob. You really are hard at, you know what? Please put Ilbambino. Is that sounds like Baby Roots? Ilbambino. And Westchester on your pull from Andre. Okay, Andre, you got it. Ilbambino. Yeah, ever, baby root. It's good enough for me. I have no idea whether it's a good place or bad place. I don't know. Right back there. There you go. See, I'll bend bean. A lot's a good idea. I know in South Florida, although I will say this again, better restaurants in Tampa. It's not even close, which is why I voted for Donald Tellow's myself. I noticed, even though it's in Tampa, what does I have to tell you? Donald Tellow's already last time I look at five votes. And now it's got the five. runway 84 13, Westchester, any restaurant? No pizza joins in Florida. runway 84 13, Ilmoly in a seven. Iran was six. Karabas five. Donatello's in Tampa's got five. That's pretty good start out. I'm a good person. Are you mumbling off my crescent or what? No, not at all. Okay. Am I going off actually? McRoney grills for Mondays three. Namemi is in Hollywood three. Veneto is got one. Veneto and Lattevinetra's got one. He must still be open. He's got a good memory. Or Rosanella's has so far the big. Oh, it's like teen Vincent. They're shut up. WQAM. Hello. I got one for the fall. Yes, sir. What are you got? Rantazos, little Italy. Rantazos in Little Italy. Okay. Rantazos, little Italy. Oh, that's a name. Rantazos in Little Italy. I was wondering where Little Italy was in Miami. Where you? Rantazos, little Italy. That's the name of it. Get it. We get it. We got it. Have you heard that? No. I'll be honest with you. They used to be in El Molino and Peter's Road in the University. They're as you probably know in Plantation. I don't know what the problem is. I think there are just too many glamour or something because that was an excellent place. Very, very good. But long gone, or some other kind of cockamy me doing it there now. I have no idea what it is. I'll tell you what I really do like it. I said nothing and do it with a pull. No people put it on there because all you got to do is mention something and drive she wants to be. That two jays man. It's not a tight in the course. But boy, that was a good place. It was a great discovery. Last time I was there. See, it's good to come back to town. What's in a great while? Not too often. Find a new restaurant that's really good. Have a nice meal. Come on here and talk about it. And then get to hell out. Americans broadly and strongly this approved a federal intervention and the Terry Shive case with sizable majority saying Congress is overstepping its bounds for a political gain and they are. That's so low. The public by 63 to 28% supports the removal of Shive O's feeding tube. And by a 25 point margin, a post is a law mandating federal review of a case. Congress passed such legislation in President Bush side of in the wee hours of the day as he raced back from his coffer Texas ranch to sign this piece of fashets crap in the law. That legislative action is distinctly unpopular. Not only do 60% oppose it more than 70% 70% call it inappropriate for Congress to get involved in this way. And by a lot of say that 67 to 19% most people think the elected officials trying to keep Shive O alive are doing so more for political advantage than out of concern for her for the principles involved. There are absolutely correct. This ABC News poll also finds that the Shive O cases prompted a enormous level of personal discussion. Half of Americans say that as a direct result of hearing about this case, they've spoken with friends or family members about what they'd want to be done if there were in a similar condition. In a vegetative state like Florida nearly 8 and 10 would not want to be kept alive. But you just wait man, Randall Terry is coming in town with a six shooter on the side. He's going to like shoot him off. If they stare at Mr. Rally Portary, if they stare at Mr.wood at two, they already inked it out again. And she's still alive. They inked it two about three times already and she's still alive. How did he like that? Even Mr. Lutzwood probably would be upset about it. In addition to the majority, the intensity of public sentiment is also on the side of Shabbo's husband, who has fought successfully in the Florida courts 19 judges by the way to move her feeding tube. And intensity runs as scarcely strongly against congressional involvement. First, it was steroids. Now it's Shabbo. What will it be next? God only knows next, it'll be attend in restaurants. We got that turtle with Satan on it. Yeah, that's right. No more demonic animals. No more virgin Mary Peaches. Including among the 62% of support removing me feeding tube, our 42% who strongly supported, twice as many as those who strongly oppose it. That's removing. Among the 70% of cocking congressional intervention inappropriate, our 58% of old that we used strongly, and especially high level of strong opinion. In other words, the bush marks to this time and Tom Delay, all you other right wing lunatics. And by the way, we're with an Democrats, they're all busy with their palms Sunday and old in their palm fronds, or old in something. They couldn't screw you back enough, passed them off. You know, it wasn't important enough. Separate Bobby, wexler, and if you are there's nice going there, Bobby. I say Bobby wexler for president. Chris, we don't want no two to be president. He wouldn't get too many votes in the south. All of his shirts are bluffed at our new leader, right? Talk about wimping your way on. This is amazing. Let's see. Capricio, University Insurance Street, Billy Sylvain Food and Math Misperte says here. Capricio, is that the one that defoted the spot for? I don't know. I don't know. The horrible spot where he was doing all that glacier tagging there, I would at Ristarantis, Tadiani, yes. Yeah, that's a Capricio. So even though defoted the spot, don't hold that against the joint, because evidently it's very, very good according to Josh. Is it? Yeah, it's good. Not great. It's adequate. Oh, no. Wait a minute. That's bad. First you started off, I said it was very good. Then it was good. Now it's adequate. I never dropped a very good in there. I said it was good. Yeah, you didn't trust me. No, what I said, I said it was good. Yeah. And yeah, you said it was good. And I said, well, we went from good to adequate. You can't deny that, right? Same thing. Never Alfred Chandler stand out there waving a hand key. Addiquette. Addiquette, remember that? Yeah. Yeah, let's all you're doing to Capricio, man. Because these are people that sponsored on a station would defodune the spot. So rip them in Ask. PSYD preferred to live under a British style parliamentry system. It could not be the people that developed it over 100 years. Well, what does that mean? What does that mean? Yeah, I live here because of the parliament. That's why we live here. We're kind of a knucklehead Rote discrab. Grumpy Graham, 23 year listener, even when you were serious and straight. Well, I was never straight. You're fairy. Anyway, it says, I know you won't read all this. It conflicts with your preconceived ideas, but I tried. I agree the weather sucks as many of the proletariat, but if you visit the UK, Oh, this is another try to get on many of the reasons. I don't want nothing about the UK. You still ask Brits. I don't care. Go have some toad in the hole and get it out of my face. It's kind of new with close-minded. I've encountered more than Brits, especially to ones in Amsterdam. And ones that hit your airport, which I never leave that airport and doesn't leave the country. Here's one book of the beppo. I've heard of that. The book of the beppo. The bep of the beppo. I just like the name. What is this thing with the facts on? Is this like some kind of a design? Or is this just a bad fact? What is this? Does it look wrinkly? Yeah. Something wrinkled up? Yeah. Oh, you ought to see how it came out. Looks like something foreign graphic here. Let's see. Here's one. It's just I used to be local wine and liquor rep. One way 84 is my account for four years in the 90s. I went there every Tuesday and mid-afternoon to see the owner hit his weekly liquor in wine order. Every week. Oh, yeah. That's right. Every week there was a table in the back of the dining room surrounded by old fact guys right on the good fellows. They would always be sitting espresso and Simbuka and smoking big cigar. These are the same guys who were there when I ate there a couple of times sitting around the bar with the astrite jackets and a big your hats, the fedores. And like he says, some kind of good fellows, is this a man out of the godfather? That says here in this fact, the hypocrisy of Republicans, if Republicans are such god-loving Christians, one of the hate poor people and why do they productive the in protecting the environment could it be that they're in parliament, evil liars? That's the only misconduct. That's just my fee is. Pally. The roasted pepper and pepper pind. Let's see. I don't like that name for it. It's any restaurant. It says one of the best fantastic food. General, it means generous, but it says general portions. You know, he said I will be turned. Great atmosphere, great service. Not cheap. Oh, Josh and McGill ain't going in. Well, it's mower's vine. Now let me ask you what, would you go to runway 84 with mower's vine or if you got a free before it? No. No. That's awful. But you are really hard ass and I get all this crap about them. It's always back to me. See, I take all the grief. You are too. What is it? You take them. It says don't go to the pepper. He wants factory-tied food and evening at the pepper. The roasted pepper is well worth it. I think experience says rain, cross, springs, pimeous. If you want some shiver, I'm listening to the audio feed. I'm listening to the audio feed. I tried listening to the audio feed and it just takes me to another website. That is nothing to do with this. It says why don't they tend to that she's been moaning like that for years? So he is kind of like Eric does up there and then go, like that. Yeah. Ever see Eric and Terry Shabba together? Yeah. I'm not the same person. Eric, you better be honest with me. I just want to do a good job on our website. We are taking the two by the. I got the crap. Just amazing. They really missed read the public on this one, baby. And of course, you know, that's good. Randall Terry, we serve as always and say that is. Oh my God. By the way, you're son. You're fair. That's all we can say to him. You're listening to me, Roger. I'm listening to him. I'm on 566. Okay. Oh. Roger. This is your brain. Any questions? I'm at 6. So boring. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV. What just about anything? But that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teeing up with radio's original bad boy. Who now looks like an ass the old radio. Listen, Friday, I'm a cell-eyed interness. Copy, socks, hat, yes, every morning. See, I miss listening to a video. There are people's carabies. Live on the air. I did not have it. I went into those muffled. I saw a fresh one playing. See, this wild behind the scenes. And it's the way to land that I'm at your all-lovers. Cook open tune. Get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's your reverence. So, what's the deal with the phone? This is topical. So, what's the deal with this water game? He's incoherent. I'll tell you why that. Is it double or what does it matter? He's five. It's ten. He's going to the ring. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel. Nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to. And somebody gets some fresh jingle. Get I lose. Get man in the chair. It's 1102. Let's say you got that tube. Now, let me ask you this question. You've opened in Vegas, right? Oh, yeah. No. You have not opened in Las Vegas? You know, your your existence is so limited. It's a miracle. Now, do you ever go back to Chicago since you were born there? Yes. Oh, and that at least is good. That's a great town. We're good food, by the way. Yes. Very good food. And how before I get into the thing about Vegas, how come Orlando with all the tourist that go there? I guess because it's a tourist trap. How come we never heard about any great restaurants in New Orlando area? Do we? I mean, Tampa's got great places. Yeah, but Orlando's only known for like Disney World or Disney. Yeah. It's a tourist trap, like I said. Hey, Bongo, there's over there. And we didn't back to Vegas where Miguel's never been. And which means it's Josh's call. I always had a brain fart in this place. It's right next to it's between the Luxor and the York New York. The casino looks like Disney World on the corner there. Well, New York New York is on the corner. Right across the street from it. Okay. MGM is right across the street. No, on the other side, across on the other side. There's, oh, brother, your brutal. Next to the Luxor. You know the pyramid? I know. Okay. The one that looks like Disney World is right across right next to the Luxor on that corner. The morage? Then give a rise. Just down that corner. Marige is waiting. That was a strip. Jesus. God, almighty. You've been through it. Anyway, there isn't 10 of us throughout this place. Don't go there. In fact, don't go that plate. I've got a, for years I've had a brain fart. I've been in here many times. I have no idea why, but to do not even the time to rest around that place. Wow. That is so bad. In fact, that whole place. You've got to know what I'm talking about. That's what I do. The morage. For years. What was the last time you were in Vegas in May? And I'm going again in May. Yeah. Well, when you're there, take a look. Okay. You've got to know what I'm talking about. It's got the spires. It looks like in a amusement park. Looks like Disney World. We're going to bunch of calls right now. They might know. No, I'd rather grow beat John. She's been there. No, I don't know what to tell you. Of course, I'll have I a million times too. So who'd I'll might have talked? But I'm a feeble little fart. You know. Right. Do you want to go in? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to give you my opinion on a tight retro? Yes, sir. Go ahead. Parkland, Cassee, Bellacera. The chef there was 17 years after I'm way 84. Open retro. Cassee, Bellacera. Bellacera, Parkland. Okay. Like it. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Okay. Got a cafe Bellacera. V-E-L-A. Capital ACRA. I got it. Bonacena. What do you mean you got it? Like you're an Italian expert all the sudden? No, you don't got it. You know, help me out with spelling for every Italian restaurant. Bellacena. I just like saying it. W-Q-A-M-Holo. Welcome Italian to beef dog. Say it. W-Q-A-M-Holo. The circus buddy. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Don't eat there by the way. It's horrible. It's not a circus circus. No, it's not a circus circus. That's not right. Anyway, that's not it. I went punchy jumping in circus circus circus circus. I was a group of them already. That's not circus circus. It's way down the strip and the other direction. You idiot you. Jesus. Got Almighty. You see how easy I am because even if they say that I don't think I'm but it's true. It's almost circus circus. You don't know where you're getting like it. Looks like a Disney world kind of thing. I'm not. When you hear the name of the place you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. That's exactly what it looks like. It looks like a castle like a Disney-esque like castle of place. Jesus, what's wrong with you man? Oh, that's the, I know this. Yeah. Yeah. I got to think about it. You know the one I'm talking about. I do. Now I know exactly. There's four corners there. Okay. There's four corners. The NGM grand is on the one corner. And I can't even think also the one across the street where I always win money. See my mind is gone. The rock city restaurant used to be in there too. I just have been in the heaven and vaguest in three four years. The old crime old in the cinema. Cross the street is New York New York. I won't corner in a cross from that right between New York New York and the Luxor is. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe you can see it. I know exactly. Because you said castle. It looks exactly like right. Right. Right. Like you see a Disney world. That kind of castle like for kids. So a punky place where people with little kids just like that circus circus. That guy's talking. They can take circus circus and blow it right out there. But Nonna's kitchen and David. It's this is awesome. That's what Racer's got. Nonna N.O.N.N.A. Nonna's kitchen. Oh well. Look at this pouring in now. Which somebody please tell me the name of that. Because you know, please. I'm having an nervous breakdown. Even Josh is trying to give the hebgy piece. He's going crazy with it. Please add cafe Prima pasta North Miami. Meets your pulse a small hard place to find. Well worth it. Says Elmer. In honor of today's poll. Could you please play the Olim D'Amade song. Olim D'Amade. That's a time. So I'm hearing. Olim D'Amade. Marco Marley. WOOB peoples. I really appreciate these in preparation. Sorry. No . I appreciate ourinizi. I appreciate this! WOOB people love America! And thank you guys for your time! Meets? I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Your desire. You and I love everybody. Whatever time you'll miss. I appreciate this. I appreciate this. i appreciate this. Look at it and you got the spectacle I see. for Lucy, you win't see nothing yet, but that's reasonable. It's like X caliber. Oh, see, that's not easy, man. Remember, thank you so much. Where'd you get that from? I looked it up. Oh, thank you. Big factor here with that too. Now exactly what I'm talking about, the X caliber, I do. I never went in there. Don't. It's a glissy looking place, but then again, when you go on the inside of most Vegas casinos, they're all glitzy looking places. You know, with a lot of slot machines and tables and stuff. Right. But first of all, you're going to lose your answer number one and number two, the food in there is horrible. It's just awful. Like what is your favorite hotel in Casino? MGM. Okay. Love it. Good restaurants. In fact, the food even in room service at the MGM, which would 5,000 rooms, I have no idea how they do that. You have it less than an hour. But the food is as good as many fantastic restaurants, which is, you know, room service generally is like mediocre, but even in a good restaurant, good hotel, tangless. The MGM, ever stay there? Yes. Well, there you go. Please add fancies on US1. It has to be the best Italian place in South Florida says Robert Raccoca, uh-oh, don't mess with Roberto Raccoca, because he sounds Italian as name and a vowel. Fancy's got it. But there's a lot of great best Italian restaurants in South Florida, but I've said that bill says, I looked on your website for your drop. You're fairie. And, uh, no, it's not your girl. I see. That's not the one he's looking for. He's looking for your gay. And I can't find it. Is there on there? Bill wants to know. Well, Bill, I can say to you is. You're fair. I don't know. I don't care. See these people they want, they want. Oh, how come they say that on there? And they are kinds. Just the, whatever. At least we know charge you for our website, okay? And our website is far superior to some of the ones that I want to mention. Oh, name. Are you sure? It charge you to go to their website and, uh, an ego trip fancies on US1 and Pine Crest, small but classically good. It says fancies. So there's fancy fancy. I like that. Give it on there. Let's be pretty good. See, there's another one that says, will the right winners in brain that who voted for Bush ever see the light? No. 11, 2007, 152 dead. Bush didn't come back to Washington DC for the right amount of country and took more than 20 minutes to leave the classroom photo opportunity. So now, the 169,750 dead, 125,000 missing. Bush didn't return for his ranch during his Christmas break. And now, Terry Shive, a one-brained dead, Bush rushes back from Crawford to sign a bill to prolong the suffering of one person at one o'clock in the morning. Very good, Rocco, or there's Rocco again, Rocco Bendoba. Excellent point. Now, here's what's here. All that I just did is political posturing only. This 10-dimensional, the public, plus on top of all that, they don't have to solidify their white wing evangelical base. They already got them wrapped up anyway. So what's the big deal? In fact, this is going to like blow up in her face in the 2006 in the off-year elections. You'll see, they're like blow up in her push. Just like, oh, no. Let's see, the best Italian restaurant in Florida, no pizza joints will do pizza like maybe wins day to where I want to do. I don't want to say what I want to do to mark is that they'll be calling in today. I mean, that's bad. El Molino is moving into a tie with the fact they moved ahead of runway 84. Where El Molino isn't for Florida yet, right next to the gate. Where he's sitting on the right side. No. Yeah, you do. I don't know for a lot of it, El Mr. No, I know where it is, but I never been there. Very good. Very, very good excellent. And like I said, it was the same great food in there, and they were there for Peter's Road, maybe it's like the edge of vegan plantation. That dice. Excellent, they're hot out there in David. More like plantation. Well, what now, when you say that like that, like Davies a bunch of Yahoo's, it's not that part of David. Okay. Where you double park your house. And in fact, David Road Extension, that's that part of David. And Armadillo Cafe used to be there on that, David Road Extension. Now they moved to that pizza lock plaza. How come I mentioned pizza lock? But anyway, yeah, they're going to couple of good restaurants. In fact, also the the highest gas station that's got a godfather's in the design David Road Extension. And there's a show news there, I believe, for some kind of a, I think it's show news. Big boy. He's still around. Well, I don't know if it's show news, but it's a big boy right there before 595. David Road Extension. You never see. You've got to get around man. Just hop in your car. Just drive around. See the sights. All right. Great. Nothing else going on. Just drive all around. Oh, yeah, there's that place. It was talking about. There's that the Eckards. One hasn't switched over to CBS yet. Anyway, El Molino moved into the lead, which is amazing. It's really good. 19, runway 84, 18, Karabas 14. I don't know why I never ate a Karabas, but I just never even heard of it. You never heard of Karabas. I never heard of Karabas until you mentioned how do you like that. I know I'm way way out of touch. That's like saying you've never heard of chilies or something. Not only have I heard of chilies, I had lunch with Jeff Remorich chilies. When I first met him many years ago, I was a very, very sad day. Monday and of course I paid. Monday, 13, Mondays. Mondays. It would be Mondays in Tadiano. That's the teaser of Tadiano. macaroni grill 12, not a rhino's 12, not a mommi is of Hollywood 11. Book of the Beppo, El 10. Donna, tell us in Tampa, it's got 10 votes. How do you like that sports fan? All right. Man, they love me there. And I love them. Not that I go there, but I'm just saying it's great. Love heaven at a seven roasted pepper five, Capriccio is three. Capriccio's. That's a restaurant. These italianis. Where they got them great salumi's. All grandads, those little little three, Veneto is three, where's an L is three, fancy's got one. Cafe prima pasta one, ma, a non-is kitchen, non-anah one, Cafe Bellacera. One, flavors of Italy one and Van Vino don't have any. It's Il Bambino, filo. But that's okay. Right. Right. Half by the way, had some real bad seal over the weekend. Got definitely Il and I've only had the Green Apple Quicks step all day. Yesterday, after a bad losing day, the tracks didn't want to be an optimist looking forward to a better week. I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Calliando, the main man at acceptance capital mortgage, so before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you, which you don't know. Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products? And if you're credit-slustin, absolutely perfect. You're ready to hear the most famous, two letter word in the English language. No, that's the one. If you're not working with the right lender, the chances of getting improved are pretty city and best to do yourself a favor, call right now and do the right thing. Call one, triple eight, four eight, three loan. That's one, eight, eight, eight, four, eight, three loan. Let the main man in his team put you into a mortgage, that meets your needs. A boy going to the wrong lender, maybe being turned down because you call the wrong number. Call the main man, Anthony Calliando would accept and scatter mortgage, tool free. One, eight, eight, four, eight, three loan. That's one, triple eight, four, eight, three loan. Every time they close alone, a person is donated to kids in distress too. So I call anybody else aboard the Baton switch, get the best deal going anywhere at the best rates. Call the main man, two day, one, triple eight, four, eight, three, L-O-A-N. You're listening to the new Rogers. It's exclusively on five six. You do you do. It's very, very challenging. At five six, oh, W-U-A. You're fair. Wow! Don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't go so, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. Back, right, huh? I can do something like this. The dark star, what a mad star. He's president of... Repoulant and wussled in,<|ru|> not taking a medium. I don't know why. The world wants his attacks... The world wants a back for you. Me. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president's up. The president is up. The president's up. The president's up. Is this. The president's up. It's too early. The president's up. I owe my roof and a headlock. President Republic d'Artier. darum Everyone's up to pay millions. That  happens when you don't passengers debunk. He looks like his mother. You just hit make a shit. The. the The ultimate Now the interesting thing one many other For Stephen's people is that it says Republicans overall look much like Democrats and independence in their opinions on this It was much more the religious fanatic a love they religious right the crazy nuts the Flatter crowd that are ones who think those are great idea and speaking of that guess who said a letter today Saying oh we got to get that two back in a Terry. Oh stick I'll give you guess I'll dead man and address The Pope okay The Vatican newspaper and oh not the Donis the Vatican newspaper today criticize the removal of that feeding tube from brain damage Florida won't say nobody can claim the right to decide whether a human being lives or dies Who can before God and humanity pretend with impunity to claim such right? Little silver to our Romano said who and on the basis of which criteria can establish to whom the privilege to live should be given? The remarks from the Vatican paper which reflected earlier comments from several Vatican Prelus the S. Calabra. I got a brain for it on that anyway came after the US Congress passed along an emergency session giving Terry Shabra was Pernst the right to file suit in federal court over the withdrawal of nourishment and medical treatment need to sustain their daughter President Bush as we know has signed the bill rushing back from Crawford Texas in the wee hours of the morning to sign the bill and unconstitutional illegal piece of crap In which the federal government which Congress and I'll present here trying to overrule the courts Who can judge the dignity and sacredness of a life of a human being made the image and like this of God Who can decide to pull the plug is if we're talking about a broken her out of order household appliance the paper said In my hospital as a woman who's about to die from a hundred and therst There's the slow dying of a person not a vegetable which is an important world which in important world is witnessing through TV and newspapers That's impudent in potent The 41 year old woman's feeding to was removed for it as we know yada yada yada yada The newspaper said that the cases shaking on America are you shaking from it already? Well, we're shaking but added that in the ongoing debate the lowest level political controversy in the cello game of legal tricks Often end up in prevailing and of course they know about legal tricks there at the Vatican. How does that Vatican baking scandal come on? Is that guy still hanging from that rope probably? 567560 I mean we're all supposed to be whipped up into a frenzy about this. Okay first like I said last week It was steroids in baseball we're all supposed to be like hyperventilating about that and now we're supposed to be just foaming it about a Bacteria Shival just like alienito I told you then I'll tell you now the media are a bunch of lunatics a bunch of grave robbers and it's the hysterical story Do juror. I don't give a crap about Terry Shival. How do you like that? Long later the other I do give a crap about what with this political shenanigans when I'm over the weekend because that's Part for the course you got like a vagina you got a bunch of real religious lunatics who've taken over the country There is no more Republican party We have the born again fundamentalist lunatic party and the weak knee Democrats most of them couldn't be bothered to sharpen getting vulvinist They said Bobby I'm actually in a handful of others week need man You have to not see these are stormtrooping up and on Pennsylvania Avenue and then Democrats are there's a wish-loffin as the Chinese say they're in a deep coma Kind of like Terry. They're brain dead WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yes, I am Hey, how are you doing? Okay, you have cops with the Angela on this phone. We heard of it now. We don't it's a little Are we ready cross from baby? Can't wait? Okay, I'm talking to a little closet back there. Right very good and Big Louis sucks by the way. Oh, okay. Well, we want to put the ones that suck on Pastor Daniel thanks very much. She's talking about a place where God I don't know about big Louise you hear. Be Luis Cossado, Angela. Hey, let's you never even heard the ex caliber what they'll do you know about life? I see it don't don't go there and definitely I mean you can get on that Thing they got a little walkway now across as you know the other side of the street right yeah Well, skip that when you're in the darkest fun and they got like a New York New York What you don't agree? No, okay New York New York is the best hotel in Las Vegas. That's right Josh Cortis Big as expert how many times you've been there coming up on three So you've been there twice right, but I got a lot done in those two two times two now that you did probably downtown 567 0 560 pound 560 any Verizon and singular wireless lines. Have you ever stated the MGM grand? I have and you like New York New York better. Yes You know what I just like New York New York like what's inside like whatever Just like that. Okay, great. Well sing it. Have you ever been inside Paris? No, well See when you say the best hotel. I mean maybe the accommodations maybe the rooms are great But to me. Yeah, it's nice to have a nice room But when you're in Vegas how much time you spend in the room very very little right? I don't mean this is early like the room I mean no, but I'm saying in the hotels Yeah, what I mean have you ever been in Paris? No, so how can you judge have you been in the Venetian? Absolutely have you been in What is it the one with a big? See my mind is blank. It's just a Blasio there you go. Yeah, but But overrated though. I mean once you see those big fancy pictures on a wall I know was a water pushing in front you know that's nice too, but who wants to see much water pushing into the bulls? Yeah, but first time it's old yeah The mirage Caesar's Caesar's his neat Not a good place to gamble, but it's a fabulous neat place with a lot of great shops Excellent restaurants by the way. They got a fantastic Italian restaurant. What's it called in Caesar's? They're got to them they go on it's like more informal than they got the one way they have the big feast what does I want call? See if you're gonna or anything every car is red crawled a day for get about I'm my mind is so fried from this story Shabby business. So you remember the name of the Italian place in that caliber? You don't now. Okay, well, it is only one right and it is Caca it's kind of like the red lobster of a ten-in-food Does that tell it all? Yeah, tell it all. Okay, it's bad. It's really bad Even the go-in though like it 26 past 11 at five 60 WQM. Hey spring is here and officially now And that's a great time to get on down to Armstrong Ford home set for some great deals on new O5s right now getting on the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford and 0% financing how about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back and 1.9% financing check out the O5 4-door Explorer right now Armstrong Ford home set with $4,500 cash back and 1.9% financing and don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong Ford home set But you get to a exclusive tires parts and batteries for life program plus a free floor to some pants I'm top of it all these things Armstrong Ford is part of our servicemen and women if you're in the military or if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active duty Reservist National Guard or Coast Guard you'll get you a military appreciation discount at Armstrong Ford of home state They've ever rich in a staff will do just about everything they guarantee we're a great deal there And of course the best price in town all the time because they're locally owned and operated They're gonna treat you fantastic Armstrong Ford home state a Retro 725 South Dixie highway 20 easy minutes out of the eight 36 check them on the web Armstrong cars calm or call David or Victor a 305 247 51 12 305 247 51 12 all the way around the deals are absolutely Unbeatable at Armstrong for the homestay travel a little bit extra but save yourself thousands on that new Ford at Armstrong Ford of home state You're listening to new rotten man exclusive in five such So he's breathed over that job where the fun thing is standing. Jimmy's life is a wherming. It's so wonderful. They're wherming. That means that's what's all about. It's what's worth. Little boy's life. Whether that's what they have so you don't have to get on the way. No. That's how much I've finally got to do. But not that soon. Some of that's good. Guess who was late for four to get in this morning. Maybe 85 K JL G guesses. Unbluelable. Yeah, he's late. Any, are you watching it? Yes. I can now appear. He's a wherming man. In Sanamaria. Now he helped by two of his big issue in front of the judge today. The judge's assignment is. His nation is long skin out of the judge. But the big on roll, of course. Michael Jackson. It's not a shining but he's got really a roll out. To be heard by the jury. Could have a huge impact. On both case. Once again Michael Jackson is on trial for child mom. No. Come on. Jimmy's you didn't know. Yeah. Oh, that's what he expect. That's Russia's wife. That's Darren Kagan. Oh, that was a on the same. The brains are melting. In fact, the her cerebral cortex is a liquid, just like Terry. Hope that he's going to make this big come back and she's very vibrant and alive. And it could have her sitting in a wheelchair right there in Congress and she could be going. But it would put him up and she could probably put out a better performance than Indiana Rosanna Danon. Oh, we can't see him much. Potential victims. Might. I don't even like that. So we just want again he's putting on the sick act like the old mafia. Don's used to doing all the. I'll at least you don't have his PJs on it. It's good sign. Into the courtroom. After the metal warns. Yeah, we got your metal line right there and back home. That's where we're going to put it. We'll see if the judge gets all done on a shaking pio to about this when I think Great if he threw his ass in a slamer. Wonderful. 5 6705 60 we're looking for the best Italian restaurant in the state of Florida outside of No piece of joints. We'll do that as separate day. It's the best of this week. Why not? That's a positive thing for that idiot. Think he made this crap last week. You're so negative. And you called Joseph. He old p-face. Which he is. What? Well, I can't say the p-word, but you know what the word is. No, you call them the we need face. What do you call him? Hello. Hey, hey, I'm going. All right, pal. I got a credit Italian restaurant for you to have or Hollywood. Yeah. 4 B o. Oh, I heard of that. I never ate their money. I didn't think that was cool. Where is it? Oh, he goes. Got it. Got it. Try to examine it down. And I don't believe touched on this shit. If Bush would argue up, we have to not even live in maybe something that would happen. Except for his one person. Yeah, I was pushing anybody in and hard. But the price, say, you said that, come push your brain. It's looking like an idiot. But he was on the plane for this woman. You know, it matters. It's what's our class. I was just he finished listening to that record act naturally. And that's why he said they're looking like an idiot. Have a great day pal. Calm down. Full of you. Is this excellent? Some told. Oh, you're right there. Did you not catch that or catch one? I had to dump it. What did he say? Have they ever told something? I didn't hear that. Yeah. Well, so you both got it. So what's the big deal? I'm going to go. Yeah, right. Yeah, sure you will. Five. All of it is there's a big fat denny has to. Chartered waters to change Shive of the state insist they're following the spirit of the constitution. Not politics. Right. Oh, yeah. Bill Fist, a first who's a real phony baloney right wing born again, Bible, something piece of Tird. Who ought to know better, too, because he's a doctor. He denounced an unsigned memo circulated. We've covered a lot of makers over the weekend calling the Shive of case a great political issue. The talking points in the whole song of dance about how great this was going to be. First, he hadn't seen the memo and said I can ten the content of the memo and reaffirm that the interest in this case by myself and the many members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle is to sure that Mr. Shive of has another chance at life. Right. Oh, okay. Let's dig up Barland's random and see if we can't bring him back to life. At least he was a great actor. At least a lot of people like him, yeah. He has got no chance at life. He's not living a life. In some cases, like this one, we see it most starkly. The Democrats done from a series of electoral losses among social conservatives. Oh, this is not great. I am large biting their tongue. They're biting their tongue. And other than as you, you were sitting back there, their mom, their biting their tongue. And said, I showed some co-holens. Thank God for Bobby Wexelaman. You to man, Bobby. One of the very few guys, whether it was the war, whether it's just as you. He always is there opening up the mouth and tell him like, here's whether it was the paper ballads of paper trail on the balance and the election. Robert Wexelaman. There's one of the few great Americans that say that right now, whether the few politicians and worth is solved. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Yes. Gallabers of Sophie Dump. It's across the street from the top of Canow where you want only. Tropical Canow right where he or she needs to be, but is no longer there right. I used to say it in New York and the Oregon is very good, but he's to go across the street at the MGM. It's a place. But let me reiterate, if you cross that motocube, that's where people flow their garbage place. Yeah. That's all. Okay. Amen. The next caliber blow is I told you. See that? And this guy said that New York New York is good, but MGM was very obviously didn't even have to say that's the place. You know, it's there where you like it. You know, it's always in walking business anyway. It's all good. It's all good. Like bubble would say it's all good. See one thing when you go to Vegas, unless you're on moron, you're not going to stay in the hood. And over you stay is fine. In fact, out on not the outskirts, so much, but like off the main strip, there are some very nice little inexpensive places you can stay. And don't have a casino really. Yeah, like sweet. So we're getting one in that though. The fun and that is that you rent a car. You're parked your car right in front of the joint. Instead of having to go through, you know, let's like getting your rent a car. Do you rent a car when you go there? No, I just, well, you know what? It's like having to find your car or give Valle when you're in, when it's real busy time, which is most of the time in Vegas, and stand there waiting and waiting. But when you get in one of these little sweet joints, which are very nice, very inexpensive and you've got your car like an motel, right in front, you're hopping in and you go to whichever casino you want to plunge your guts out. That would blow them, man. I'd rather... Why is that? You take a cab. What are you going? Like, I'm in a minute up the road, everything in Vegas is like right there. I mean, why drive? So every time you want to go from one place to another, you're going to take a cab. Yeah, I mean, maybe. So what you're saying? I understand you're on a limited budget. But when you're talking about, you know, a big shot like me, I'm not taking no cabs. Here, here I take cabs to the end. But whatever, they're all right out right out front of the, whatever hotel you're at. You know, they're waiting for you. Oh, man. Here's a fail. I was big as a scala. But we got to thank you. It's a dump into toilet people to the garbage in the motel. The best Italian restaurant is Spitzio. I'm sure that's spelled wrong. It says Spitzio. Can I be right? It must be Spitzio. It must be Spitzio. It must be Spitzio. S-P-E-C-I-O across the street from Maragazzi and Surfside. Much, much cost of the Maragazzi. I guess much better. I got to word out. Amazing service. The nice to staff anywhere. Carabas is up by the same people around the Opa. Carabas is a chain. It's a chain. I knew that. There's like La Careta is a chain. Oh, man. I just can't stand that stuff. You ever eat it? La Careta, but you may get a head. Yep. And is it good? Of course. Well, I know what does that mean? Of course. Because it's Cuban food. Therefore, of course, it's good. You go badly. If you've got a bad Cuban joint, that's bad. You fry a steak. You make some right for some beans. I don't know what your sense of same old swills. What you're saying? You're one of the gale just said about Cuban food. He said it's crap. It's not, you know. Much better pasta than our god sea. Spetio. I just, you better look that up. Put up any old picture. And what is it? It is. SPECIO. Spetio. SPETIO. SPETIO. SPIKIO. SPIKIO. Well, you must be talking about McGillian. SPIKIO. OK. Whatever it is. Here's another one that says Carabas is up by Outback steak. How is it? If you like chain restaurants like macaroni grill with a whimless right out of the street. I'm trying. OK. So, another is going to be a chocolate. There's always Josh that's given us the Carabas picture. Josh, who thinks that the York New York New York to me. Can I use a don't give me wrong. I like it. But there's one word to describe it. OK. What's that? Tacky. Tacky. It is. It is. It's just a little bit over. I like the fact that they got that big. The amusement park ride. I was also looking right right out in the night outside. That's nice. And it's a good roller coaster. I don't go to Vegas to go to a roller coaster. You go to a roller coaster. You go to a roller coaster and I think it's you lunatic. You damn ride. I am. It's a good one. You went both. He's just out of puberty. He's just passed. I'm afraid. What do you expect? You want to go to circus circus. That's right up your balance. I have all the pain in the ass kids running around. That's where nobody wants to go to a place like that. No, I'm good. The ass caliber is next to. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. Come out. Come out. Come out. I thought that man. How do you say that? Come out. She said that when he was talking to the one sitting at the table in Luis in the Bronx. That's right. Come out. Carabas is in the Albertans place. Oh, no. Where El Malino's was in plantation. They put a shame in there. What a shame for a shame. Where El Malino's was. I mean, El Malino's there were two of them. But that's not a shame. Also for list. No, not. Not pizza joints. Okay. We'll put the other money on here when we do pizza. And Luis in the Bronx. Yes, you know. And the steroids congressional meeting lasted longer than one of the Godfather with Don't teach you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, Don't teach you. It wasn't in the meeting. By the way, pound five, 60 in the Verizon singular right as lamb. These people, they're all our spirits. They're taking advantage of me because it's an off day. My mind is my cerebral cortex is like jello. I keep thinking about pill caused be all day. It's like jello. This is why I couldn't think of the X caliber. The rosewood grill, I remember, which is very unusual because that's the one I can never think of the name of. Do you ever eat there? No. Well, why not? Well, where is it? Much to a Spencer for you. It's down the street of a piece. It's like in the middle of the strip. 10 like across from the seasers in the Marage in that area. Okay. No, I have right on the other side. Rosewood grill. Great. You walk in there. You say, how do you're lobster? They got a huge tank, which is not that unusual. But I mean, they got great lobster. Pretty good stakes. Not as good as roots, Christo. There's two fabulous roots, Christian Vegas. Two of them. Not just one. Great. Where are they? Where they at? Oh, there's one on. I don't know. Remember that one. I wasn't flamingo. I think I look at up any yellow pages when you go. There are. There's sensational. I'm telling you, man. The root Chris here and the two out there in Vegas are his insurers about that. I break my heart to say this. But the 104 lot of deals become they got to do some work. That experience I had their last time was. It was weak. Like four of us eating there was disappointing to all of us. Even though I was paying. The best Italian restaurant, no pizza joints in Florida in the state is Molina. What is it? Mundi's 47. Get out of here. Where did that come from all of a sudden? Mundi's. It came from nowhere. 47. Runaway 84, 26 must be all the employees are voting. El Molina, 23. Book it a bet vote, 22. The roasted pepper 18, Karabas 18, so Shane. Macaroni, grill 17, a Shane. Now, Macaroni grill. I will say this to you. They're pasta dishes could use a little work. They're chicken and veal dishes are excellent. Molina, Mundi. Mundi is in Hollywood 15. Maudarano is 15. Donatello's in Tampa has got 15 votes in Tampa. No, it's coffee, Bellacera does in La Tabetata. He's got 11. Everybody else a small potato. Sure. He's at meal. Roger this one. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? The smeller for net zero take one. Listen up, babe. We got this net buck just stay here. It makes style up look like a slope with F-steemed bar scaling act and tug when gravity puts. I'm going to get it. No bad. What could you stick closer to the script? And the name of the service is net zero. Then it's no life in a zero take two. If you have 56 K-Maudar mobs as fast as the final chapter of a manual times critique of your reason, you might want to make the switch to net sales. I don't understand. What's that? Right idea, but could you read the copy you have in front of you? And just as a reminder, it's net zero. Then it's Miller for net zero take three. The difference between net and net, net and net, net and net, up is like the difference between instant coffee and net, but tell death bar. Another wise known as the line of starbox. I mean, I don't want to get off on a rad here. Which you got to pay me! I knew we should have gone with chains, or at Jones. Oh yeah, Jones see. Love Tim has Zag in strange love. Come on, it's still noon. And this is really great. Speaking of slime balls like Dennis Moon. Michael Michael Motorcycle leaves the board. Lifting in there or nearly. He's basically stoned off his ass. What do you say? Hey, like that. Oh boy. You got Markets and family at Cal Point with the latest on Michael Jackson and his condition. Thank you. Now yeah, and it's good to thank you. And like it's for weird. All we did say you looked the stone off his ass. Like that. Here's the fact that says my friends and I have enjoyed Lavaranda restaurant for many many years. Lavaranda got it. He got it. It's located in Papa. No, it's 21 21 East Atlantic. Franco and Pietro have owned and run the restaurant for at least 20 years. Great food. Really good service. Modern prices really attractive. And one of these things is pulling away. Which he just means is a great place or it's. We're giving a free. P.S.D.X. Calibre blows. Chunks. I wouldn't take it. Compt there. Every family that wants to take their bread. He gets to be. He needs to stay there. And leave the rest of us alone. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. We're going to be. I really. It's just a yeah, like it's not like I know my way around Vegas. I know Las Vegas Boulevard because I know they let me tell you something. I know this is going to come as a tremendous shop. Because somebody just discovered body wash. They had these amazing things when you go to a new city. It's called Matt's. Oh, no, no. Oh, no. I want to go my head. Is that I want to go just. You don't want to bother your head looking at a. I want to walk up a down the strike. I don't know, stick with the taxis, okay. Right, man. Don't want to bother your mind with that. your mind with that. I mean, there's nothing complicated about driving in Vegas. The strip is like North and South in the middle of everything and everything. Everybody runs off of their traffic and avenue and everything runs off of it. Well, there you go. No, there you go. For the polls, you're a John Hellmail Beatis. Cafe Arragazzi in Surfside. You got it. Cafe Arragazzi. The children. It's one of my four words in Italian. Arragazzi. We're going to switch all after after we've received his last Samstown Santa Fe. Here is a tropical side. The tropical can I either went a lot of money in there. I lose my ass. Nothing in between. They have what I call the rubber room in the tropical with a high end of the high of plain slots two and five hour machines. The rubber room. I've had some days really great in there and some days forget about it. Values, Texas and Boulder Pass. Sam is town. That's another festival to Sam's town. I thought all the old parts go in on the bus to Sam's town. I don't know. But don't judge until you know what you're talking about. You have learned one thing. You will not be going to the Excalibur especially the. Did you ever go inside there? No. No. No. Oh, this thing about Brandon, I guess I'll get to it in the next hour. I'm just Terry Shibod out. You know what? I mean, what are we supposed to be most psychotic about? A steroids in baseball. Terry Shibod or Michael Jackson. What about part of you, straight. Yeah. I just don't have enough, maybe that's why I'm off my feet to them. I'm drained of your motion after all these traumatic things that are going on around this. Just bring me down. WKM, hello. Yeah. Terry Shibod was a pal. You see, they were restaurant was right. Man. For name does end in a. Oh, yeah, and a vowel. WKM, hello. Here, God. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to thank you for changing my life. My way of life. She brought me to body wash. I have a little bit of a bad sad to say to go get my tongue. But, Jeff, a little pal. You don't be embarrassed. Don't be a was. Well, you know, they do have that big poopy thing on there. You know, and, um, um, first of all, listen to me. I've bought probably like, I don't know how many bottles. I've bought it. I bought it. I washed over the last two, four years since I've been using it. I don't know where you guys are shopping, but I don't see big poopy things on any of the bottles that I buy. No, that's not the thing called. I mean, I don't think I'll ever get another part of the, or job of art, so, again. Good. I got them for the bowl. Poppin' to get you dinner, baby. Tell me, yeah. Hi there. Here you go. The price is right. Let's see. Roachwood grilled Love Nestor to the MGM about two years ago. Still great. How do you like that? I have been there in two years. Now, we'll never go back to Vegas. Not that I don't like it, but it's just there. What's the point? It's too far. I'm not sure if I've been LA or something. Just for me, it's just too far. If I want to go and lose my answer, punch my gut. So, I'll hop in a cab, cab, and go to Woodbine. Or when I'm in town, you know, once they get to the slots going, I'll get my car and I'll drive to Pomp and O'PART. Or to Gostream, not. It says the problem with runway 84 is that they keep you waiting for your table for up to 45 minutes. Even if you have reservations. Not me. I never waited. A bunch of mode doesn't wait there, right? In sins of the father, a book I read, do you recommend it? Oh, that's right. That is correct. I mentioned that on the year. Since I read that book, do you recommend this many years ago? They'd be for runway 84 many times, is the venue for high level mob meetings. It's a great place. Yeah, well, I mean, that was back in the day. I'm certain that there are no mob meetings now. There are there. Of course not. There's a lot of you. No. But back in the day that was mentioned in the book by name. Anthony's runway 84. It's a great place. You love the food. It's real Italian. I mean, the appetizers alone are so humongous that you really just, you're tempted overdo it, but because then by the time your entry comes for get about it. 5 6 7 0 5 60, is that Monday still pound up the voucher was that just a one shot? Do you have to take that off of there? No, don't do it yet. But I'm sure a little bit suspicious about that. Very. What mean if that's their choice? I mean, boy, you are. I don't know what happened to you over the weekend. It is something something must have happened. Really bizarre, really traumatic. WQ went, must have been the body wash. Q AM. Hello. Yeah, Neil, what a great idea. Hey, what are you doing? I'm not talking about Buffalo restaurants. No, no, no. I was just in Vegas couple months ago. I ate at the MGM Graham. Yeah. And the restaurant they're called Nob Hill? Really? Oh, remember that? It was exquisite. I've been into Brown Derby in the MGM. That's still a little overrated. Yeah, I didn't eat it now. And we stayed at the Luxor. It was really nicer. Oh, my God. Because Sina was great. Okay. I want a lot of roulette. You want a lot of money in Vegas? That was your tell me? Well, I did. I came out ahead. Let's put it that way. Okay, well, that's a miracle. Yes, tell me a miracle. And as far as you're, you're pulled today, both run dozos and fantes. I mean, I couldn't choose between the two of their excellent. When does was his wear? Render was a little Italy and troll gable. Oh, and what's the other one of some on our fully? Yeah, it's not as you fancy. This is on your pole. Santees? Santees. What is this man? Santees. Oh, fancy, fancy. You sound like you got a species effect now, Woody. All of a sudden, they're ponytails getting to you. Yeah, third of you. Ferris. Have a great day, Woody. You're doing it. See him buffalo. See him buffalo for those three great days of whether they have it in middle of July. What a toilet man. What a pit. 560, 150, 50, 150, 150 and runway 84 has got. But third man. Here's line nine. QAM. Hello. Teraza. It's Caesar. That's the good one. It is? In my opinion. That's not the one where they have the big pig. I think that's the only one that's open now. The only is now you have one. No, get out of here. There's got a more... There's a, there's a, there's got to be two. There's that bang and something which is like American. There's 808. Well, there used to be a place in there with a hand. I never ate there, but this big gigantic six course feast, a 10-in-feet animal with Elvis call. Somebody will know. All right, have a good day, you two. Yeah, Caesar is okay. Just don't gamble there. They don't have a lot of slum machine in Caesar's. Which again, of course Josh, don't want any part of that. He's a real man. He plays crafts. I mean, I'm not a big gambler period, but... Now, of course now, I'm not going to kind of money your making. I'll give you a board game again. You go out there to soak up the ambience to get on the roller coaster to have some fun to act like a child. You know, I will say that I, both times that I went though I won. You know, I did well. Yeah. Oh, hey, listen, I'm the only person that goes to Vegas and loses that I'm just a board loser. No question about it. Everybody I talked to that today the first time the Hank Everman in a bed weekend he lost his ass. And probably was because he ate those bed. I have a new one. Pain gold. Pain gold. It's a great adventure. Quartz with your 5, 6, 7. Sure you. Ugh. My amy portion monitor me. Merraichts my amy libre magnets and massage my balls. I'm listening till he knows how I'm 12 the more now but give me. Wow. Mattith read. I bet they'll cure that count Might even fight a cure For that guy might go more When you feel you're at chuggy That cash will all be free Even when it was cut, dirt taxes That this will do go down And rather we'll not use taxes O summa will be found I know there will be peace Throughout the Middle East All these will graduate and queery eyes Will be Sounds great, please let it Be it, they ears I cheer, hey, this year Don't need four stars Elections and no more food Infection TV will be Cleaner and star-jump food Cleaner, let's all look up The bright side is 2,000 In 2005 Covo 3 of 5,60WQAM Thank you Mr. President Of those low gas prices The average price of a gallon of self-serve Regular gasoline Shot on nearly 13 cents over the past To waste to a record And all time record Almost as high as Michael Jackson is right now 2,10 cents The price of season is the previous I have 207 which was set last May 21 Over the past month, grew up prices Rose 20 cents a gallon Versus a 19 cents rise at the pump Even if the price of crude Deservoirs further prices At the pump may continue to climb Because of required seasonal reformulations Meaning as we get toasted Like the 4th of July And Memorial Day always heavy driving holidays They are going to rape the American public Let's see At 91 a gallon of low prices in New York New Jersey even though the state doesn't allow Self-service pumps at 234 a gallon On how the Luba drivers paid the most That's for regular Houston 198 Atlanta 201 Denver 204 Boston 204 Chicago 222 And San Francisco 231 Forumloaded regular Self-serve Thank you Mr. President of those low gas prices And for all the other big and crappy runloading on us And the rolloves did the soldiers And all those dead Iraqis Find John One of these must be a joke It's a market crawler and crawler Call a rattle springs Call a rattle springs And that what this says? That's what it says Anyway he says the worst food ever had in my life You know All the set of lunch from nowhere to 50 I'm not really sure if I leave that on there Just what are we going to do about that? It's got to be a joke You think? I think so We'll wait, maybe some other facts We'll come in or some calls Have ever taken any 560, pound five 60 Under Verizon singular word of slines WQA and hello Yes sir I heard that my radio Couple things first all want to let's have a Double way to go out of standing To be ready for the run One of the best for number Time to reach you for a couple weeks When we are on the army's topic I went into the army's corporate building over there And as I was taking the elevator down We stopped at the army's floor And some kind of soup got on And I said, I have lunch at our base yesterday And they said, really what you have And I told them I said they have to head to KC So there's a blue look for it here To get rid of the fed at KC And I told them if I ever go And I'll be the kind of there's no defendant KC, it'll be the last time See they have this problem there And I've been sitting this for years They'll have a special sandwich and a zero for a limited time And when these are the same thing For a limited time only And then it'll be the greatest thing they ever had And then like a month later you go back again Another one's not there So it would be that would be difficult for them That would not be a surprise thing That would go well now YouTube thanks How do you like that? Just when Josh was getting them to Taney Kakes You didn't have them right? I did. I'm not saying it's the greatest thing in the world But it's pretty good as fair And just getting them down fries No, I personally would take the fries over But I'd like to do Mokushake a lot Jumokushake is no debate And I'll say it again Next to the Jumokushake at our base Shakes are at stake in the shake Forget the burgers They're all falling apart like Mushi now Yeah, very sad WQAM Hello Meticate TAM Meticate Meticate Hello Okay Well that's two of the ones in a row WQAM Hello Neil Neil, the name of the restaurant is the easer to get You put the cow with the fuccanal Buckingale That's right It was like a That's right 85 course meal It was ridiculous Is it not there anymore? I don't know I've been a couple years in Saipanaut Okay, thanks a lot That was nice That was nice Never ate there, but I had talked to many friends Who ate there and said it was just a nonstop about three Our feast just taking a completely just a half Have to make a couple of pit stops in between 5 6 7 0 5 6 So if we don't hear any more about Mondays That may just disappear vanish often Be often with ten air I have my dust WQAM Hello Hey Neil Yes sir I'm 23 of you are gallon here in Miami Day Alright I'm sorry Mr President For those old gas prices There you go You're welcome Take care Neil Okay, I see we're walking to be good Good exercise For all of us big fat folks I do more walking here on one day than I would there in a year I like that Were you going to walk there? Were you going to walk here exactly? From in my when I'm there I walk from my living room Into my garage into my Corvette I drive to work I drive and walk from the parking lot up into the building And then I walk down and I get the elevator Then I walk down any stairs Getting the elevator Get my car and go back home In the garage in the house We're even a walk Where I live there are most of the other They're not even a sidewalks No sidewalks No In the acres there's no sidewalks out there Really? No Shindler's spokesman Randall Terry The anti-abortion activist Best known for founding Operation Rescue He headed to Tall and Hancy with a small convoey last night To begin Watchening a pressure on lawmakers Provided that this undergeve Bad diaspora He's escola He passes myself He steps now And then JB What Perhaps be you who can take pa Of is the door The door matters involved in this thing. The Christian right jumps in the Terry Shavo for a as Randall Terry resurfaces in the headline. It's said it's so called Terry's Law signed by Fanny S. Governor Jeff Bosch October 21. My better-me-named Terry's Law in honor of Rabbit Anti-Avortionist Randall Terry who played a key role in mobilizing Christian fundamentalist to pressure Jeff and the Florida Legislature to intervene in the heart-wrenching case of Terry Shavo. The case of the 39-year-old Shavo who's been a persistent and a persistent vegetative state for 13 years now, 15, raises emotionally difficult issues, but participants in the so-called right-collect movement have little use for complexity, nuance and discussion, flush with victory on various anti-abortion fronts. The movement of season and Shavo case to rally the troops in push to view, this is just one more example of secular liberals and Democrats promoting a culture of death, as opposed to when you shoot an abortion doctor, that's a culture of life. That's okay. Randall Terry found her of Operation Rescue Piner and aggressive harassment of women seeking abortions, and an advocate of a Christian-based nation is in the secret. National media generally acknowledge that religious conservatives played a key role in pressure in the Florida Legislature to jump into the Shavo case for a few of publicized the central role of Terry. No less than a 30-than-Bob Shindler, Shavo's father has acknowledged Terry's crucial support. Our family asked Randall Terry to come and we gave him cart blanks to put Terry's fight in front of the American people, Shindler, said, he did exactly what we asked and more. Randall organized vigils and protests he coordinated the media. He helped us meet with Governor Fadass Governor Bush. Terry was a leader in the anti-abortion movements campaign in the 80s and early 90s to put clinics out of business through intimidation, harassment, and violence. In the 1995 speech for example, Terry reportedly said of doctors who perform abortions, when I or people like me are running the country, you'd better flee because we'll find you, we will try you and we will execute you. I like that. Following an anti-abacatory lawsuit by the National Organization for Women, he agreed to 98 to a permanent injunction against any future actions against abortion clinics. But he's back. He resurfaced last summer and potty-virt of beaten northern Florida informed a new organization, the Society for Truth and Justice. His first campaign was against the U.S. Supreme Court's 63 decisions striking down anti-Sotty mid-laws and he launched and impeached the twisted cis campaign with the rally in Jacksonville, August 9. This is 90 in 2003. Turn out was low, but then the Shavo case came along and already made platform for Terry's Demagoguery regardless of how the courts rule in the Shavo case Terry is one that the anti-abortion movement will continue its campaign. Life is life he said, but an era of increasing the sophisticated medical technology since Slovakia's little answer complicated questions. Rangle Terry invited by the Shimmers to come on down and have ma was that telling. And they keep on the brother on their over and over in a rubber chindler over and over and over again. And he talks about how vibrant Terry is and she smiles and she laughs and she sings a few songs and she gives up and starts a dance to the show tunes. She's doing it baby. He ain't no vegetable. She's a living vibrant real person with all kinds of feelings and emotions and she's all peoed and pissed off and get that tube back in her house. Mondays is still got 50, what do you think? We get any more taxes anymore anything? I'll wait to want to clock and I will have the, I have the ruling, I want to clock on that to judges hearing a three o'clock on Terry. Michael Jackson by the way, I wonder not he he's like they had a drag him out of there. He's stoned. He's puking. He's stoned. He's crying. He's coming on glue. What does that tell you? Is that not to be behavior of an innocent man? For sure. I think so. Maybe had too much Jesus juice this morning. 1213 at 5.60 WQM when you shop for quality food where there are a lot of stores out there that they can go to by mistake believe you may only want to go to one because it's the best all the way around. Brande's in top of the beach. And Brande you'll find the biggest selection of quality name brand men's and women's shoes. The best personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit and the best prices in town all the time. And Brande's all the top names in a shoe business are waiting for you like rock sports, floor shine, SAS, spary, timber and naturalizing all the others. Brande's is open every day the week to the open Monday through Saturday from 9 a.m. till 9 p.m. Sunday, 10 to 5. And Brande's has been going great going great at saying a location for years and years now. 1290 North Federal Highland Pompano Beach. And this week is especially great time to buy tobacco shoes at Brande's. Get extra base savings on select men's and women's styles. So be sure to get it to Brande's this week or do your shoe shopping right online at Brande's shoes.com. We've got an eating crowd man and not interested in diets and interested in losing weight and not interested in living to 120. We just want to mind your baby. Michael Jackson's back in court and trial is underway again. Let's hear it. I made a quick recovery. The attorney used was he appeared to be heavily sedated. He released a day to when he came wandering in when he had a like a practice of the list of them off the ground. And helped clean that stuff to his face and started sobbing his stereotype and jumped up from the chair and helped more crap to his mom like he was about to pukas and a lot for a while. But now they've assorted him back in and the trial is underway again. The great American circus. The number speaking of his caliber and circus circus is the great American circus called the courtroom. Lisa says just to let you know that Mondays is a real restaurant. I know that she said I loved it when I was in Hollywood so all your votes for them are probably the world customers that just have a listen to your show. Well thanks Lisa what do you think you think it's the MS? It might just be that good. It might just be fantastic. If it were the I think if you get a lot more something. But we'll believe it. It's in first place. It's off to the races Mondays. Best of Saturday rest around somebody says from Memphis they're practicing Nunesio's in my man per grow. 157 Nunesio. What else had a Saturday rest right? Oh that's where I've changed the name of a million times you have to be nicks and then I was to not mix something else. Timber finds and that's true shopping mall over there. You know what it is? Not my neck at all. Somebody will know. Oh and by the way La Vanda bad spelling again John La Veranda not La Vanda. Can La Veranda says that I want to vote for the wrong joint. Not La Vanda where you get La Vanda from? I don't know I thought I looked it up La Vanda holy feel. La Veranda baby La Veranda. Let's go out and eat La Veranda not La Vanda. And then it says some of season restaurants, Nero's Trotsa. Well they're eating the band too. I thought that's what you said. I don't know. Maybe it is La Vanda and you know what? I don't care. I care about as much about that as I care about Michael Jackson Terry Shival and Roy's in baseball. Steroids, hemorrhides, asteroids. I just don't care. The back and all is the place that's I called it. And it was like a feast. It had like a makeover reservation for like three hours. Like a Roman food orgy. But maybe it's not their normal. I don't know. I have no idea because I've been there in at least two, three years. I'm not going back like I said. And then not a knock on Vegas. I'm just burnt out on it and I have no reason to go away to hell out there in the desert. It's just too far. You ever go to the huge buffet in the engine? I don't do buffet. At all? Very rarely. Well they got really good food there actually. Yeah if you want to stay in line for about two hours it's great. No seriously it's not that bad. You didn't have to stand line a long time? No I went up, paid my 25 or whatever it is and went to time. Well I'll tell you where I've gone to the buffet many times and as soon as I can think of the start us. Okay. Pretty good. In fact the start us is got a fantastic steak house and there was I never eaten or so I don't know what the name but is and they got some damn good rest. Start us once upon a time was pretty damn good and I want some money there too so I guess I like it. Start us in Chopper canter the two places where I used to win pretty regular and NGM as much as I love it there. Now NGM did have probably more of the first a lot of wheel of fortunes lost my ass but nevertheless so who doesn't like wheel of fortune? And the Chopper canter. Chopper canter's got wheel of fortune and let me just give you a little a little key if you go to Vegas little clue. There's like a big round circular thing that they have with wheel of fortunes and dollar ones and if you see there's nobody sitting there I don't cohere because I haven't had the play I don't know how they could be that smart but the players are on the way and you can sit there for about two hours and feed and they're going to get nothing. They're not going to get a spin because they're like in most consumers they're on timers between the warm cycle the Luke warm the the Terry Shival cycle yeah when you see her picture come on there it's not a good sign that means do not put anymore money in here because it's dead as a door nail. Just a little hint when you go to Chopper canter. You ever go on the Chopper canter? Yes, they do. But you like the the McCaw's they still do that when they have the big birds the parents. Oh yeah they have that yeah when you walk in from across the bridge from the M.G. and they're all those big you're the parents from a cause I think they're parents. I don't know what you better find out mister get with it. It's a little old on the tacky side that's been really spent much time in there. But it's a must to check it out kind of place. It's not new in good sea like because there's so many other ones now. Exactly. But you really when you go there and maybe you should check out Paris. Yeah well I will. Excellent restaurant and most importantly when you're walking it's the like you feel like your outdoors because it's got the fake sky and then and like grass and like you know real grass, green grass. Not to kind of you're looking for. Maybe that too. But it's like an outdoor environment. It's really a very bizarre and there's a section in that area where I was reference to it that also I have slot machine so it's almost like you feed your plane slots outside. You know I made the very unusual Paris is really beautiful. Anyway here's Anne who used to send me subs with the hot peppers from Gerber's. Oh yeah Gerber's what that's a long time we've got it's 100 years ago and Gerber how you doing Anne? Can't fade the last set is one of the best attending restaurants to the food is unreal trying to vote online was not able to for whatever she probably got EOL. Hope you remember my subs no longer have the story. Yes I do thank you Anne from Gerber's Gerber's with that's back in my Pember Pines Day. Come a click. Let's say Gerrie van Heenis brings says now see that's why didn't limited to South Florida Gerrie made it the entire state because let's face it there are some especially in Tampa there's some damn good restaurants around the state. Most of the entire Gerrie says I don't normally get to vote on your best restaurants because it limited to South Florida since you open this up to the entire state like to suggest no one of my ears in North Naples. Napoli what could be more Italian than Napoli right? Although the beeslies are over there I wonder if Joyce eats it none of my rears. To find Italian restaurant with an extensive menu attempt to palette I also I'm curious to see how many votes you'll get from the Southwest Florida area it'll probably be too including mine. Can't discuss Terry Shabo yet I stayed up and watched the arguments on sea span last time still ill. Oh Gerrie get a life would you please. I have no idea if you have to watch that crap please. So kids suck into that popter why please Gerrie. You got nine of Maria. Sure. Oh you see we got a celebrity death. I'm not really a celebrity so much as a well-known I am a celebrity. You see who died? John Z. Delorean. Who? See you make it Delorean. You know last Monday before the show for about two or three minutes I felt like I just wanted to give up and right now I feel the same way. I mean I got two two punks there anything that happened before 1990. You need to want to miss out a clue what they'll solve about. 1980 come on. 1990. John Z. You never heard of the delorean. You never saw what if Missy doors that open straight up in the air? Right. Well that's what I said. That's him. Okay. So we guess right. The innovative automaker who left a promising career in Detroit to develop the shortly go win sports car featured as a souped up time travel machine and the back to the future movie is done. He was 80. When he was a newer food jersey. Well, actually in some of the jersey he died later Saturday and over a hospital complication for recent stroke said Paul Kinell and owner of AJ Dismin and sunscreen or director's neurology and was just handling arrangements. Obviously we're deeply sad by the passing of an incredible talented car person and loving family member said his nephew Mark Delorean. He was among a handful of U.S. entrepreneurs who dared start a car company in the last 75 years nearly all of them faded away but his crash spectacularly among drug charges. A vitroinated dlerian broke them all to stayed Midwestern auto executives by going Hollywood and pushed in on modest corporation to offer smaller models. While a GM equated to what some considered the first muscle car in 64 by cramming a V8 engine into a party at 10th and calling it the GT. Oh, finally dubbed the goat by auto enthusiast. A little GT O who did that song? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Come to me, I'll look it up. The vegetable could buy in those. Somebody end the sunpins. The Lorraine was rising if uncompetual executive of a GM whom any believe was distant for his presidency before equating 73 to launch the DeLorean motor car company in Northern Ireland eight years later, the Lorraine DMC 12 hit the streets. It's hallmark such as an unpainted stainless steel skin and gulping doors of an ignored by mainstream automakers the angular design however earned a co-fodling and the car was time traveling vehicle for Michael J. Fox in the popular back to the future films in the late 80s. John Delorean, Dennis Adornale. Oh, they're not you. Sorry. Don't get sucked in then, I'm not believe it. I didn't play that, okay. Okay. Why didn't do the spot yet? Well, I was so excited about Terry Shabo still being alive as vibrant and dancing because I'm squeezing the hallway and Penelas Park. Aren't you excited about it? Yeah, I could see how you got carried away. Yeah. Hey, even after all this time, some people still are a little bit afraid of either betting over the phone because I don't know it's kind of a major purchase but when you call 1-800 mattress the number for dollar mattress you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy. So there's absolutely no risk 1-800 mattress is got more repeat customers than anybody else in industry. So once you try it, I guarantee I'll bet you Josh Cortis' life on it. You'll never go back to a showroom again. You'll get no nonsense, no run-around, no showroom shenanigans, just factory direct prices on the best brands. You know, in trust when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling me company ranked the best in the world in trust and recital inspection too. What could possibly not be the like? They carry silly certa Simmons King Quill, temper-petic Anne, Stearns and Foster Hewitt, and now a dollar mattress even offers you no payments or interest till 2006. So if you wanted to do this smart thing, do like come and get us done and you're truly in Georgia even Mo and Fat Boy not the other folks if you win and a lot of other smart people out there in our list of audiences, make that one easy call 1-800 mattress that's all it takes. Call them right now or log them to their website macros.com for the best sleep you've ever had in your life. The easiest as smartest way to buy your mattress, one simple phone call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, and like I started this day. For most of his life, Michael Jackson has been sexually molesting a 13-year-old boy. Tonight, Michael Jackson speaks out for the first time about his arrest, his accuser, and the charges that have for the moment made his life a shimp. You molested this boy. Absolutely. Absolutely. How would you characterize your relationship with this boy? These totally for sex. And Jackson says there was more. This is what it means to value the children but bad power of the children. In a moment, Michael Jackson tells us why he still believes it's appropriate to have children sleeping as bad. Do you still think that it's acceptable to share your bed with children? If you're going to be a pedophile, sewer, of course, why not? More of Michael Jackson's story. I have a sick mind here. We were a jerk. 33, 27, 11. Have a nice day with Michael Jackson. The proceedings are underway again. The trial is back. He just had a little off his feet. Maybe he had some bad shimp over the weekend. He was a little behind. A little in the one? A little behind. This fact that you just said, let me go, don't read what it says on there. No pizza joints, okay? And the fact that the fact that they mentioned this, I mean, this has got to be somebody with the most way you should taste. Oh, you know what I did? You want to pay much attention at log mystery. You know, Josh is also a little off his feet today because he didn't too much body wash. I can't say where he's putting it. But I didn't do the pop at a park spot. What time was that log? Do you know? That would be at 11.42. Or is that tonight? Well, it's not going to be 11.42 this morning again anytime. So what did I do in there? Did I do a spot in there? Did I do anything? I don't remember. I don't either. That's what I'm going to do right now. Okay. Or I don't know. Look, I got to it. Can I tell you why I'm off my feet today? And I'll be honest about it. I know I am. That's why my memory is so bad. I ate ice cream yesterday. Oh, do you want me to tell you how much I ate? Oh, no. After this spot. I'll let you. I'll let you brace yourself for the shock. And I have no idea why because it wasn't even good. It was crap. What kind of a treat? Can very crispy crunch. You know, they have these candy ice cream. What do I talk about candy ice cream? They're all bad. Or at least an except for score. Well, what does that? Well, crispy crunch is a Canadian candy, brother. One thing about the candy here, man, which is unfortunate. Candy here is a head and shoulders over the US. I don't know why. It's better? No, much better. Remember, heard of crispy crunch? No. And crunchy. Oh, crunchy. Crunch has got like that honeycomb inside the chocolate. You know, no, brother. You know, it's not like that. You think the first bite Jimmy Rogers starts singing honeycomb. Remember Jimmy Rogers? He's also like Terry Shravel, almost. I'll tell you after the spot, okay? Something for you to get excited with Peppanoa friends in the Instagram. Oh, you pay. Yeah. Hey, all you horse racing fans in poker players. Pompano park racing in poker is all the gambling action you want. Just a half mile from both I and I. Five and a Florida turn pipe. Pompano park features for the admission in free general parking every day. I've hardest racing in the poker room open tonight. Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon and it's going on right now goes on till midnight. And live racing gets underway nightly at 725 and food tonight. Make sure to bring the kids out to Pompano park this Saturday. March 26 for the annual Easter egg hunt. Three thousand eggs will be up for grabs. Many filled with special prize coupons. Three many horse rides in Easter Bunny are we leading these to red hunt. The egg hunt is free to all kids aged 10 under and different aged categories. Here's the countdown again. Just 15 days or less until the next free spaghetti dinner night at Pompano park Monday, April, Oh, that's incredible. I think I might just be there. You never know. Pompano park of Laxada, the landing polar part on Power Line Road for the Cor Racing Schedule called nine five four nine seven two two thousand or go on a wicked web at pompano park dot com. Pompano park horse power. We can plunge your guts on. In fact, when you go to Pompano park, maybe Wallie Hennessy will tell you about all the eggs he's laid there. 12 36. Okay. I guess I have to now. There's an expression. Take me to your leader. Leader. That. Yeah. That's when I ate. Oh, not whole. Well, you know how you don't know how much a leader is. Now like it did just throw it in for like 67 seconds in the mic and you just not 80 89 because it's a bigger quantity. 89 seconds. Right. A leader is like six times. I set the long time to know. A leader is more than a chord. Right. Right. A little bit more than a chord. Like they showed you how to. Huh? Which is a lot. No kidding. I told you. Some of the loft my feed today. My blood sugar is little bit high. Not really disaster high, but it's high. So good. I mean, go ahead. Look, it's just one of those things. I'm a pig. I'm an ice cream addict. I'm no Chrissy Ali. Cookie. Go. I didn't. Huh? Close. No, I'm L. Yeah, right. To choose that. I guarantee you, she could eat a tub. You know, one of those family-sized tub. One of those tub is a ice cream. You know, when you go like to bastard robins, one of those places, and they have the big tub that they scoop the ice cream out of. Like it eats a whole tub. Like a cake of cookie dough. Right, exactly. Just like that. Angelina's in Brandon Florida. Somebody says rob. A great private. They own small Italian restaurant Highway 60. Brandon. So not for on the stereo, family on the staff speaks only required English. Not quick, but worth the wait. Homey desserts. Awesome. Nilky. I hate Nilky. But anyway, if you like it, they got awesome Nilky. Nilky. Nilky. Everyone have Nilky? I think so. So I like potato pasta cramp. But anyway, Angelina's in Brandon. So put that on there. I'm sure we have a lot of people over there. But third man. What do you think? Swirler. You lived in Brandon? I did. Oh, no wonder. That explains a lot. That explains me why you think New York, New York is the best hotel in the best casino in Vegas. I'm just saying. If you like it in joy or you stay in there again this time, I'd never stayed there. I just think that it's every- Well, right. Where did you stay? I stayed at the MGM, the Trappuccana, and Monocarlo. And what was your complaint with the MGM? What's not to like? I love the MGM. I think it's great hotel like a casino. Right. I just think the activities, everything to do in the New York, New York is great. It's tacky. Tacky, it is the only word I can think of. I don't know if you tell you. Okay. But you like tacky. You're like your roller coaster ride. You like your health. In fact, I'll tell you. Stop in the circus circus. You're like your lover. It's for little kids. But people who think like little kids. People who are very close to their childhood. WDQAM. Hello. Hi. I have something for you. Okay. I think the best Italian restaurant is catapomodor on the bus. But I'd like to Italian food at last these time in a grill. Even though it's not in the time restaurant. Okay. So that's it? Thanks a lot. Thank you. Bye. What'd you say? I got it. 5605. If you enjoyed this late, we're doing food this week. We don't want to get under the Terry Shival polls. And we don't want to. We're going to have that steroid crap. Okay. Let's get off the rides. What do you say? I thought the rides are ready. I'm not going to have this grand standing for the public. I'm not going to use congressional hearings. Let me say it again. In a public if there's anything emoji you ought to feel is absolute anger, outrage, and psychosis that your Congress and your president are wasting their time on his crap. But all the other things that are going on. Two hours plus for a gallon of gas, even murder and bloodshed and bagged at every day, they are all kinds of crap going on. All kinds of corruption. We got people without health care who are dying every day. Living and breathing people can't afford a prescription medication because they're getting rates that are in the ripped off by the companies that the FDA is allowing the poison the public. All of these things and they're worried about this vegetable. Somebody who's looking at a vegetative state, I'll be honest with you. I think there are 17 million people living in that vegetative state. There's not the population of Florida, not 17 million. Something like that. staggering. Scary. And when I come back to town, a lot of you were getting weeded out. I'm five sixty. I'm five sixty. I'm five sixty. And I'm. Throws ascent jails when I say. Freedom and safety. That's who I'm. And now with a link of your target service. I put all their information on the greener. Don't make fun. They won't every hard person. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. From for these six and five sixty. Don't be afraid. Don't. Don't. Don't. Come along. dog before y'all in the three hundred dog track whatever the Hollywood gay track it's coming along at seven eighty-cates ten tonight a Rogers kid had rights on a website called workbench a free Terry Shival on thrashing weed because McGill get really better shape well he's thinking about me eating that leader of Cadbury crispy cruncher as he was crap and because of the fact that it was so tasteless I had like a shmere little Hershey syrup in there too that's why you needed the whole leader it was tasteless yeah right exactly trying to get a little satisfaction out of it try to get that serotonin going man I'd have been better off to go out and buy one crispy cruncher candy bar would have been a hell of a lot better that's why I'm off my feed I'll be very honest with you so what was the name of that what are we talking about anyway he says free Terry Shival Terry Shival's brain no longer has a cerebral cortex she will never again talk experience a thought or feel at a motion the best appearance can know for is that you'll occasionally mimic life like responses because of involuntary brainstem activity or see if I can on coach you'll again no active car risk will change this all of your publicans and the religious right are accomplishing with this barbaric ran standing is to prolong her family suffering Michael Shival fought for years to find a cure for his wife even went back to college to become a nurse so we could better care for her he wrote in 2003 I never wanted Terry did I still don't after more than 70 years of desperately searching for a cure for Terry the death of my own mother helped me realize I was fooling myself more important I was hiding behind my hope and selfishly ignoring Terry's wishes I wanted my wife to be with me so much that I did not hurt through condition Terry told me on several occasions before this happened that she wouldn't want to live in her current condition if we had been older I'm sure she would have signed a living will making a clear she did not want to be kept alive on tubes and machines she never had the chance that left me to carry out her wishes it's been hard in fact it's the hardest thing I've ever done in the end I did what I believe Terry would have wanted me to is there a single person among the parade of goals exploding this tragedy would wish to be kept alive in Terry's condition someone should ask Tom Delay and other politicians if they have living wills medical science gets better every day keeping people alive in conditions though and whatever choose to experience the right to opt out of life for long treatments is exercise every day in this country for example my grandfather died at home at the age of 90 after a slow decline from Alzheimer's disease he died in his own familiar beds surrounded by people who loved him it was not in pain is breathing slow and slow and finally stopped if it is killing to refuse life for serving medical treatment and my grandmother murdered my grandfather once you feel they call the paramedics the others present his death for accessories to murder but who would have benefited had my grandfather been forced to squeeze out a few extra days in an intensive care unit on a respirator confused and disoriented in what way would that afford that the culture of life we could all be as lucky as Terry's shival has been to have a spouse would fight so hard for our right to die in such circumstances the easiest thing in the world will be for Michael's drive over to give up raise the unchurbling has with another woman and let Terry continue to linger hopelessly between life and death the only good thing to come from this sickening spectacle is that thousands of people myself and food will be rushing to drive living wills some's a pretty well and the good part of it is at least corn those ABC pulls is the overall overwhelming majority of people regardless of their politics they're they're seeing through all of this crap nobody's getting fooled the only people are buying into one of the ones who believe the same crap anyway the randle Terry's at a world people are the best and by the way your son Terry you fair random whatever your name is five six seven oh five sixty we're looking for the best and tally restaurant in the state of Florida no pizza par was will do that on the some other day monday's fifty three it's kind of like slow down though you know said had like a big flurry there for a while for the room and they went to go eat now all three lunch four hundred and fifty six votes total monday's has fifty three which I don't know book it of memo 42 what that was book it of up by heard that many many times do you know where there's a book of that for I think it's a shame they've been on our station before well that's good and we'd like a lot all we have some people been on it well cafe bellisade a forty one runaway eighty four thirty eight corroborates thirty one to shame a million thirty one the rocden pepper twenty nine macaroni real twenty nine is a shame it's good it's okay I just don't like that guy to get something does that little black symbol routine uh... moderato is twenty six mama me isn't highly would twenty three goddithelos and tempers got nineteen are to impress by that oh sure now you think that some of those are coming from people over there who uh... listen online or you think that's people like yours truly who've been over there a few times in eating and enjoy their great food or both probably online lot of seven seventeen cafe that angel or a cast at angel thirteen capricho twelve that's where defaweets it's a great restauranties ran desert little early nine fancy seven cafe preposter seven flavors of italy seven vignette those six lap around the four all right that that was uh... love any at the non-anomeness kitchen for rosineles three uh... no four vios not full of you as you fool look what he put for four vios f-all oil as in touch the hajurio at the time all my god you don't know your time mister italian coolio holy cow four vio f-u-l-v-i-o you see i stopped strong a lot of these for you give me which me out for like uh... give you a spelling lessons and then you put folios they make a sort of some kind of a fool you anyway full of you to which i'm sure that'll be corrected any moment f-u-l-v-i-o full of you got it not folio all i do like the son of it then b-o-to angeline is one uh... nine or more we are one cafe ragazzi's got one all else and the special specky was got one out of four sixty five oh well at least everybody's got one on nineteen Vincent the monday thing i'm a little bad now i'm not i'm sure i'm buying a number heard of it did you i mean it's a lot of the places we never heard of it here's a fact from Debbie who says he says d-v for those in the know okay Debbie uh... let's see monday's is the best at the restaurant of florida see that twenty is legit my husband a lawyer listener at the oil objecter have and i've done the monday's on several occasions what does that mean her uh... i don't get that the food is delicious try to be a parm i'll see there we go with the oparm again i love the oparm but to me that's not i don't know that's not really a tiny like maybe veal uh... america jiana veal Oscar veal on the apportion's oversized the bread is scrumptious and the atmosphere relaxed in the family oriented if you're one lucky few ask for a vet as you serve you won't be disappointed one more to any of the says is d-v-d-d-d okay that we need to be monday's a tell you are a striped for the best in that day of the oh sure it is it's fantastic i love it never heard of it it'll be a restaurant they can't go to the right hundred thirty seven seven in my amy that's in candle the u-bill that my amy is technically a my medicine candle can't arrive at one thirty seven a-v no speaking in glacier key p-ass is impossible to squeeze green onions into a feeding tube that's bad that is so sick build i'm enjoyed il piotto is aliano i-l the attire in floor is that with the piotto means in the tini's floor sure you would know it's time if it's but you want to lift now so there we go we got a couple more five six seven five six five six the pound five six in the horizon and sing it a ritaline stank god we're not doing a pull on Terry Shival there will be so embarrassed to be doing that like everybody else you know oh what do you think we already saw the national pull not even a contest anybody with a brain a brain with a cerebral cortex it's actually functioning no is what the real answer is there get the government out of these people's lives already where they just like aliano over again just the same crap and they wanted to kill him to with a damn happy meals oh poor any idea you know no matter what he would say that would turn it around remember the plane that he said is coming to take me back to Cuba even the government was that well that's right i forgot you run the other side of that i wasn't going to say that you were did you finally come to your senses well it's over did you finally come to your senses or you still hockin away this business he should have stayed with mirror squeezy as my family a drunks in i'm a drunks no and a fisherman yes some two w q a m hello hello new sir i just wanted to put a boat up on your polar go ahead cafe a brachi in the coral gables can't say a brachi yes sir how you be scalling that i believe it's a a b r a c r a c r i that would be a a b r a c r a b r a c r i brought you good stuff huh he's gone how was it bye bye bye so was good stuff he went to vote for a cafe a brachi in the game i've never heard of you hear that no what is you know on restaurants they come and go there huh there's so many it's actually two bs and two c's but you know same thing does everybody said yeah did you look it up to the google i google that yeah you go over the my ass 1256 and 560 q a m you first it's the bomb two two out there hi very a m you another abortion and i need a staff of the a like a baby hang out my ass i'm havin' and havin' trouble with and my feet you're gonna get a quick and I'm down the street if the abortion shuffle the abortion shuffle oh that's a got me in trouble medium unexpected oh What a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. That's the end of this skirt, the beat is out of my way. 101 at 5.60, 92, and we'll Randall Terry's coming to town. So, that's all we need to know. It's good news. We can rest asleep well tonight. Here is a fact that says, it's frightening to realize, the corporate chain of tag arrestrants have got most of the votes in your pool. Yeah, well, you don't have any for the oligarch in thank God. Anybody who would call me and say the oligarch in for this pool would eat hot on-site and sound, right? Give you the runs. It says, well, generally that, but the food is cock on man. You talk about industrial strength. Book of the Beppo, Karab, as macaroni grill, all corporate chain restaurants. Oh, and says here, how line up on oligarch now, at least if that's your peel of the Saudis. Pass the chef for your dean, Frank O'Murkin, logger, it's here one thing. You think it restaurants a chef for your dean, Frank O'Murkin. They have a lot of votes too. That's not just this audience. That's the taste of the American public. But I will say this. You've got a couple of gourmet taggen evidently all the way. I have Mondes and Kaffa, Cafe, Bellaceta that are one and two, right? You do. Runway 84, which is not a chain. That's number four. Roasted peppers, not a chain. That's number five. Okay. El Molino, which only has one now. You have two, but certainly not a chain is number six or seven. Huh? So we're going off our case already. Look at please. Product compliance. We don't give a crap. If they like it, they like when I ask you what they auto like, what will be politically correct or pseudo intellectually correct for them to like. That's what they like if they got a question. Taste that's the way it goes. Okay? They probably like McDonald's too. Just like Johnston, he likes to fries at Arby's. And George, who I don't want to pick on, he's not there this week, but I will anyway, who's big on McDonald's fries. Well, you don't like fries, period. I don't like french fries. They're poison man. They will kill you. Those french fries will do more. But I'll eat her a ice cream roll. I was just going to say, I'm just going to say now, that that ice cream I had yesterday was more helpful than those french fries you eaten. Deep frotto. Trans fats, baby. Now that's not to say they aren't trans fries and ice cream. In fact, I better go look at the label. Oh, but you say, I don't go get the thing out of the tub, out of the dumpster, out of the garbage bag. Think. Do it. All right. Whistle a tune. There's no way to cry. I'm going to cry. I'm going to cry. I'm going to cry. All right. Go ahead. And had very crispy crunch. I'm telling him, man, he's ice cream the only one that's good is the volatum. Nestle's turtle and the other one is the scorer, virus core, is it virus? Yeah. In Greeney as well, that's in French on that side. I want to be dead. Dumb frogs. Good day. Milk and greeney as candy bars. Sugar, blue, there's like two crispy crunch candy bars in each leader, you know, like crunch stuff inside. But the base of it is like almost vanilla in the I. Sugar, glucose peanuts, cocoa butter, milking ingredients, chocolate, molasses, salt, monowend, a Douglas ride, soy, less than flour vegetable oil, BHA that's a preservative, little kiddo, natural artificial flavor, sugar, peanut butter, ribbon, uh, containing, uh, let's say vegetable shortening, say that's trans fats bad, glucose solids, vanilla, monowend, Douglas rides, guard gum, all bad, locust bean gum, Tariginen, real bad, and uh, artificial color. Our dealer peanuts, other nut meats and gluten. If you're a gluten for punishment, don't eat this crab at bad. Just chew it on a flow. Tom Facts is in says, including my family on that list of murderers. My grandfather was 94, five years old, and cancer had taken over his body. We knew five years ago about it, but he and the family didn't want any sort of chemo already, he was 90. He lasted five years, made the best of time he had left. He also died in his own place in his own room surrounded by all his closest family. Thanks to the hospice care he got from Veritas, and that before he got worse, he had signed a living will, uh, would they do not resuscitate closinant. He died September, over four would no pain at all, would dignity. He was 95, what would a respirator do for him, or suffering through chemo and all the pain discovered at brains are rest me too. That hurt die with that little little dignity she's got left. That's gone Tom's amen. This is government and the irony of it again, this is the Republican party that doesn't believe in big brother government. They're always ripping it, Democrats, too much big government. When the government, you know, when it has to do with interfering in your own personal choices, that's what a Republican expert T's comes in. That's why they want larger than life government. What you can do in your bedroom, you know, what you're going to do about deciding whether to live or die, what a woman does with their own body. Reproductive rights, all of these things. All of these things. Exactly. We don't have a Democrat. We have a weak need, limp Democratic party, that those people should hang their heads in shame, except for body Western and a handful of others. And on the other hand, you've got the American Nazi party. The Democrats and Republicans are gone. They've vanished. They've disappeared. And a public suspect, a liberal, a well-lessy, which we watch now. She will watch the hearings on the steroids. She will watch more about Terry Shival. Maybe we can go to court TV and see more about the rubber Blakebird. Maybe we have to go on a Michael on E. They're fabricating, they're like duplicating the trial on E. Just see that. And they can't understand why they're not getting any ratings. They show that queen, they're doing a Michael Jackson thing, putting on a makeup the other day. Well, I have to be really believable as Michael. And I thought to myself, you're fair. Yeah. Fine. I don't want to get whipped up about this religion stuff. I do have two more stories, but I'll get to them. Because there might be some more great at saying your restaurant's out there. And God forbid if we don't get him on there. You know, it would be bad. Not so much from the pole stand, but the idea that, you know, people out there might say, hey, that sounds pretty good. Maybe I'll try that. Maybe that's like right down the street. I never heard of it before. See what I'm saying? I've said that a couple of times already. Like Mondays. W2AM, hello. Hey, cool. I talked about it myself. Hey, now. Yes, sir. And a past couple of weeks shows exactly what's wrong with this country. You know, they have been aggressive hearings. A stir is against baseball. But yeah, we're the commercial hearings against these pedophiles that are met out of jail. They killed this little girl. You know, why don't they do it? Why don't they do stuff about, you know, something about that? Why do they let those people back out? Is if there's some kind of a cure for that, there's no cure. They put out a putem on alcohol compressor and island away from civilized people. Exactly. But they're worried. Thank you, though. They're on their right now. They got that slime ball on their right now and it's jumpsuit. Yeah. They're so worried about why they're stir or something. They're not worried about why they let these pedophiles. That's what's wrong with this country. Amen. You got a man. To try to find some paper after such a place was crime. Well, thank you, Chief. Heaven and Hell. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's it. I, I, I give up for all thankful that she's in heaven now. Now you're all literally all family gets murdered by this slime ball. This unshaven, unclean nasty sick twisted slime ball who obviously is just walking waste is all he is to put him out. He's excrement on two legs that's all he is and the means had to let him out. Just like fun, it was the same thing. When it down, let's let him out. Of course, he could run it out. 560, 560, 560, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. WQA and hello. Yeah, all about money's restaurant. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've eaten there a couple times. Yeah. Matter of fact, the light is so much. They're going to cater my, my, my grandma. There's 90. Oh, I was going to say 90 is worth it. He's, he's not pretty good for 90. No, it's my grandmother's 90. They're going to pay for it. Excellent. You've got to really, really, really. There. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. See, it is for real man. You were so skeptical. I think it rubbed off from George on the judge. So skeptical. I never heard of that. I think that's it. We're hitting free. And where do you come up with such crap? Okay. Sheepers creepers quit worried about the freepers. Okay. It's like coffee billet is said billet or whatever. It is billet standard. See, some of these people are waiting for them to go on there. And that happens to be their favorite. And all those people go, I'm going to vote now. See, I mean, like if this, if you're voting on this kind of a poll, you're obviously going to wait until your favorite goes on her because the question is, what's your the best? And if you, you've got one of its favorite, that you think is the best. If you're not going to vote for like some, you know, I'll have you garden, right? Or the one we got on that taxi for me, I love we won't repeat the name. I'm still just, oh, hey, listen, the guy that was watching about Franco American and in Chef Boy R.D., what was suggested on that one sheet of paper man? Make sure that it makes, makes Franco American seem like gourmet cuisine man. God, you talk about bad that taste. W.K. W.A. I'm hello. Yeah, I have one. You will write it on your own. You're welcome. Yeah. W.K. I'm hello. Good afternoon sir. Yes sir, when is this? When is this? Karabas just so, you know, you said you don't, you can never eat in there. No. It is jaying, but it is pretty, pretty good. I mean, it's all but the same people at all, in Alback. I certainly would not put it anywhere in the same league with the olive pit. I mean, I was saying, no, that's just a command man. Yeah. But it is, that's not bad. You know, again, it's not, it's not like runaway for or anything. I like that. But it's pretty good. It's not bad one of the other. You want to try because if it's in a plantation where, El Malini used to be, it's not far from our lives, so I'll try it. There's also one in, in Carl Springs in that whole restaurant, roll, you know, over there, over there. You're a university, there's one in there too. So, anyways, good to talk to you. Okay, have a great day. Take care sir. Thanks. So Karabas, he says, pretty good. Didn't you say that? Because I guess you wait there a lot. Do you get freebies there or something? Oh, buddy, I'm on the ship there. Aha. See, get freebies there. A little bit. But I'm not, not I've been there. No, no, no, no, no, no, hold it. Yeah. That's not an appropriate response. It's like if I asked you what day it is, you said, to be a clock, it's not, it's an on-secretor. What do you mean? Well, when I said you get freebies there, and you said a little bit. I mean, like every once in a while, like what you pay like 10% of the time. Not at all. Like sometimes you'll, when you leave and maybe like all come to house and you maybe something from coming home. But I don't like when I go there. I don't get anything free. Oh, why not? That's just not the way. Kind of a friend is that. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Exactly. Look, if you're going to be in this business as a peripheral, as you are right now to it and be count your blessings that it is, then you've got to start learning to get free food, but what you're learning inside there in a building. Right. Now, I would probably weigh 600 pounds. If I was first of all, if I was in town all the time, and number two, if I was a free loader like some people, I know in a business. I want to mention Mr. Eagle. But if I was demanding free, I would be, oh, look at this, pay me for the BS. Oh, share it in Flamingo. And a point south at BS, so also stands for SOB. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Good point. Share it in an Enflamingo. Look out for the pigs man in a feeding frenzy. You must be there. It's getting toward the end of the month. I got to make their quota. Even though, of course, we know that there are no quotas. Here's one from Cliff, look at a memo. No, seriously, you've got to start getting your friend to hear some free meals. I'll give it a shot. I'm telling you, if I want to be a free loader, I could, I could eat free all the time. I feel crazy about that. I go over when I'm new on Ruth Chris. Now they picked up the tab few times over the years that were sponsored once upon a time. And I appreciate that. But I'm not going there looking for it. And usually I hope they don't do it because I don't know. I feel I'm clean, you know, well, go there and use your name. Closet's book of the beposes. My vote. I don't care for a tad in food. And I love the food. Namaskar. I feel like it felt so weird. I thought I would see a hit go down in there. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Really? It's on 57th Avenue. My name is Lake's nest full barbecue ribs. Anyone who asked to ask where a what does that say? Something servers is snobby. I'm going in there. A vet server. A vet server. Oh, a veteran server. In other words, for somebody to wait on it. Oh, sure. Just relax. So you live a lot longer just relax. And these. 114, that 560 W to QA, I'm sure you're familiar by now with our friend Anthony Kelly and though the main man at acceptance capital mortgage. So before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know. You know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products. And if you're credit is less than absolutely perfect. You're ready to hear the most tab of the most famous. Two letter word in the English language. That is correct. If you're not working with the right lender chances of getting improved, they're only 50 50. So do yourself a big favor. Call the right guy. Call right now. Anthony Kelly and though. Triple 8, 483 loan. That's 1, 8, 8, 8, 8. 480 loan at the main man. And this simply you know mortgage that meets your needs of going to the wrong lender possibly being turned down because you did call the wrong number. Call the main man at acceptance capital mortgage. Tool free. One triple 8, 483 loan. That's 1, 8, 8, 8, 4, 8, 4, 8, 3 loan every time they close alone. Unfortunately, it's donated to the kids in distress. So I call anybody else. A board the old bait and switch called the main man. Anthony Kelly and though today and get you something you're looking for. 1, 8, 8, 8, 4, 8, 3 loan. You're listening to a real Roger Corkman of the school. I'm 566D. Q, A, M. What the hell just happened there? He got cut off. What kind of cut off? The end of that. Why, why is that? I didn't do anything here. How that could chop off like that. Maybe that's the way it is. Josh. I don't know. I was one of those phenomena. I see. It means the Lord intervened. Oh God. He got his get really porked up and often in and out with all his stuff he's heard about. The parents of Terry Shavull, I asked the judge to reinsert the brain damage women's feeding tube. The name following an extraordinary day long political fight that consumed both chambers of Congress and prompted the president to rush back to the White House. And attorney for Shavull's parents, Bob and Mary Shindler, right at Federal District Court in Tampa, a file request for an emergency injunction to keep their daughter fed. All I got like a leader of vice-greyment that you could add yesterday. When the attorney, David gives the two was asked if he had any indication when the judge would rule on the request. He said, I have no idea if that is in the hands of the court. Well, they're having to hurry a three-focuse afternoon. And one would assume that he'd give a year, a thumbs up with thumbs down or say, who the hell cares about this crap? Let's go to lunch. Which would be a much more appropriate response. Oh, Jesus, just 80 million pages of this crap. Are you sending me stuff here too? Oh, he's half. Best Italian arrester on says Adam and D'Auel is Renzo's in East Bokeh. The nearby 10 to 12 years run by an authentic Italian family. The best cheesecake around too. Obietarians love cheesecake. Trust me what I tell you. And, generally speaking, in Italy, when you go to restaurant, the desserts are like, yeah, they have like Spamoni and they have Jilato Misto and they have cheesecake. Did I miss you? The Tereomatsu, that's great. Only about like five or six different things. You know, all of these journeys. Because to be very honest with you, they have to eat an Italian restaurant. Eating desserts a little on a tacky side. Kind of like eating dessert at Ruth Christ. Unless somebody else's buying for the rumors or something like that. There is it one time I ever took them to Ruth Christ that he had an order to dessert. What a free-loading pig, you know? Guy. How's that hockey season coming? Oh, sorry. For the rebacked daughter, the big attraction was the famous 10 commandments of money. And brought to Florida on tour after being removed from the Alabama Judicial Building is on constitutional. It was on constitutional. The young steers dressed in red, white, and blue, clustered proudly round the display. For more than 900 other Christians from across the West, the draw at Crawl Ridge, Presbyterian Church last month was an national conference in that, reclaiming America for Christ. The monuments that is a potent symbol of their hopes for changing the course of this nation. We have God-sized problems in our country, and only God can solve them, Richard Land, a prominent leader of the Southern Memphis Convention to Old Agroof. The remission is not simply to save souls. Their goal is to mobilize evangelical Christians for political action to return society what they call the biblical world view of the country. The founding fathers. Some speak every stirring a Christian nation. Other shy away from that phrase, but agree that the Bible calls them not only to evangelize, but also transform the culture. In material, given the conference attendees, the anxious anti-Semite to Reverend D. James Kennedy, Crowbridge, Pancier wrote, as the vice-regions of God, we are to bring his truth and his will to bear on every sphere of our world and our society. We are exercised godly dominion influence over our neighbors, our neighborhoods, our schools, our government, our entertainment media, our news media, our scientific endeavors, and short every aspect and institution of human society says the anxious anti-Semite homophobic Arab and D. James Kennedy. This is the tenth conference described this cultural mandate among Christians, and although the church has passed, it couldn't speak due to wellness, others presented the message intended to rise the conservative faithful, even a capitalizing gains wondering the November election. This melding of religion and politics Christianity in patriots, it makes many uneasy, especially those on the other side of the so-called culture war, who see a threat to the health of this course of a pluralistic society. This is an effort to impose a particular far-right religious view and political and social policies that result from that on others, as Elliott Minkberg of People for the American Way, and we're planing to advocate for a diverse society. There's nothing wrong with trying to convince others to adopt their views, but Kennedy's effort is also to use the levers of government to force changes. An energetic pastor who built Crowbridge in way 10,000 member mega church with far-reaching radio and TV audiences, the anxious doctor Kennedy regularly calls the United States a Christian nation that should be governed by Christians. He has created a Center for Christmas, a Christmas Eve in Washington that seeks to evangelize members of Congress and their staffs and a Council conservative Christian office holders. Some critics suggest that these views reflect far-right, presbyterian thinking, some of which have since the realm of theocracy, the belief that God or his representative should govern the state. Fred Rick Carlson author of eternal hostility, the struggle between theocracy and democracy says that if Kennedy is not a the equate, he certainly dominionists, letting him supports taking over and dominating the political process. Hmm, a real mum's are bastard if you pardon my friend. And, one last one, good hand look. I can hear the word. Sadie goes speaking a good religion. The Sadie was roaming Catholic Bishop has denied funeral rights to a man who owned a bar in Dan's club popular with Gays, setting up class with the Church's moral teachings. You're fairie. John McCusker, who was gay, died Sunday of congestive heart failure to ski resort his family said. A range of incident had been made a whole funeral service is at the immaculate Catholic Church on the University of San Diego campus, McCusker's alma mater that's affiliated with the Church. But, San Diego Bishop Robert Brahm decided that none of the 90-a Catholic Church's in San Diego or Imperial counties could provide funeral rights from a cluster who was 31. The facts regarding the business activities in John McCusker were not known by Church or Piertles when arrangements were requested for his funeral that I see said Thursday in the statement. However, when these facts became known, the Bishop concluded that to avoid public scandal, Mr. McCusker cannot be granted a funeral in the Catholic Church or chapel of the DIC's in San Diego. By the way, this is the same church that regularly held funeral services and baptisms and all the other services for members of the mafia. That was okay. That was great because they used to donate a lot of money. Chancellor Rodrigo Valdevius said that Church's decision would not relate to McCusker's sexual orientation. His business is adult entertainment which is inconsistent with Catholic teaching Valdevius said. People would be scandalized that the Church granted the funeral to a person who had this type of business activity. And we certainly know that the mob was never involved in prostitution or drugs or gambling. Valdevius said that the Church canon that states manifest sinners are among those who cannot be granted funeral rights without public scandal to the faithful. Valdevius cannot recall any examples of other cases of which the DIC says in Votacannon to deny funeral rights to Catholics. Other DICs have sometimes denied funeral masses for monsters including John Gotti. In other cases across the country, some cases of sexual abuse have been granted Catholic funeral services including John Gagan, the Boston Archdiocese for more priests who sex abuse case helps You're fairie. McCusker owned submontage and I clubplopied over Gaze and rebar a gay bar. Several gay community leaders said they plan to file a formal protest with the DICs and demand that proud of Paujai to McCusker's family. And more of service from McCusker was held on Friday moved to an Episcopal Church in San Diego. Because the Catholic Church, they don't like owners of gay bars and stuff like that. They do like pedophiles like father. Gay gun. Hey, father, gang it. You're fairie. He's riding in hell right now. You can be sure that. He's molested little boys in hell. You think? Probably that's spanky from spanky in our gang. He's probably down there. 27 tasks won at 5. 60 WDQM. I'm gonna take it right now by dry concepts for over 20 years. I've used them in my home. So you know they gotta be pretty good. If they didn't do a spanktacket or I'm beatable job, why in the world would I use them? I could use anybody under the sun. The reason is simple. They're the best in the world. All dry concepts today and sanitize your home. I keep reminding you that your carpets are as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs. And don't forget when it comes to price, you don't have to worry about rip off. So I carpet companies are famous for because with dry concepts they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their absolutely unbeatable job. Call them today and because they use a rapid drying technique, your carpets will be dry in an hour and a half after they finish or really can claim today entertainment. You're carpeting your furniture, your draper your expensive area or it'll rub it. It'll look just like brand new and dry concepts finishes for you. Call them toll free and date grow it in the palm beaches. 1-800-248-5-071 you understand for yourself. I've said it to the best in the world. 1-800-248-5-071, or online it's dryconcepts.com. Dry concepts making carpets clean and soft for to since 1979. You're a singsin' real ruggers. Congratulations on the price of the construction AAM. Introducing new Catholic life, the religion with one third that kills his irregular faith. New Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity, but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine. More than hell! More than hell! Catholic life, there's no confessions, no servants, and no lingering afterlife. It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances. Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes long. Plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion. We've dropped that too. Look for our church reveal in your neighborhood. Hey, you might be in the front queue. Or ye of little faith. Try Catholic life because a little faith is all you need. 1-32 at 5-60-WQA, and we got a real battle going on. You see this was very important this full of the day. In fact, all of these all week long, would you think? Yeah, I wonder if there's a point to it, at least it's making some people some poyers to go and try something out, and if they don't like it, they can blame you. The best Italian restaurant in a state of Florida, no pizza joints please. We'll do that like I said some of the day later in a week. Pizza joints. Do it. Cafe Veloceda, 57 is moving into first place. Mondays, Mondays, 55, Book of the Beckl, 52, all is a chain. Runaway 84, 52 also. You see how close those four are? You got four places within five votes. The battle. macaroni grill 42, El Molino 36, Coraba 35, the roasted pepper 33, Mattarroch 28, Mamma Mia is in Hollywood, 27, La Taberneta 20. They're still doing it before a lot of deal. Glad to hear that they're still open. We hear nothing from them. Of course we hear nothing from any of our old friends because, well, I don't want to go in with. Donna Fellows in Tampa 19, company chosen 16 where they have that species spicy meatball was yet to four a signature on it. Cassidy Angelo 15, Randasos little little, 12, fancy 10, flavors of it. Can't pay for your pasta eight, Veneto's eight, Nana's kitchen seven, Nana Nona, La Parandesix, Cafe Abrut Abracci, five, four, what happened to Fulio's? Culio took over. Rosaneles III, Nana Maria II, Cafe Raga, I thought, is Cafe Regasi under twice? I guess not. Cafe Regasi's two, Ben El Ben Bino, what she refuses to put the eel on there, the Ben Bino, the Ben Bino is baby roots. Got it? You knew that, Pinchu. Till El Ben Bino. I did. Good. And Tacob, Kupok's Land. Yeah. El Ben Bino II, Angelina's I, Nounzios I, Speckio I, Speckio and Ranzos has the big, so far. So far, but we got found in 72 votes. Got a great battle going on. 560, pound five, 60, and a Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. I mean, for me, this is a lot more productive and worried about what their Jose can set ghost taken in needle and somebody else's mark or go, you know, whatever it takes, can't talk about the past. Get, just a bunch of crap. I blame the medium man. I think that all these media people of the news should be stopped. If you want your news, go to our website, go online, do some research. So I expect you any news on a, on a, on a, on a, on a, on a, on a, on a, Just thinking TV, bastards, lo, the fight for Iraq, you see, that's the new logo that are the bottom of the CNC and the fight for Iraq, 26 surgeons and surgeons killed yesterday. But 20 miles southeast of bad. You know, people belonging in jail, you belong in down death row. You've great robbing lunatics you. W, Kwa, I'm hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How about a captain's all over there on a US one US one and where? Right by a whole Griffin over there. Okay. And Hollywood. Yeah, or they knew they knew they knew. Yeah, they knew they were by high line. Oh, I got it. Okay, Casabella. God. Hello. Thank you. Thank you. Say, Bellabella, Bellabella, Gracie. He's been here to advice. Casabella. Has anybody said something like that? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you're just put on it. Whatever you want anyway. It'll have some of the right letters. Right. How many Q a m? Hello. Q a m? How many? What is it? There's a place called a mean is off. Fifty high away between Hollandell and Hollywood. And then a camp from a John or a lasagna. You would ever have here. I ride. Excellent. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. Nina, is you got it? The Nina looked them into the Pintin, the Sintin Marenta. Now, what's that one over there in in Pembroke Pines on Tath Street? And that's strip shopping center. Nobody is called probably say even there anymore. Because the guy branched out to got it used to be like the family. You know how that is? The family opens the restaurant and one guy. He branches out and opens up another one. They change the name. Outstanding. Right across from Basque Robbins here. Tath Street and what would that be? The other section is straight. No idea. Why haven't been there in a very long time? You want me to talk about? He is with an n. Who's with an n? That or no? Now, maybe there's a big one with an n. Five six seven. Hope five sixty. Two and a half. Hey, listen. I had a lot of ice cream yesterday. Okay. But by tomorrow I'll be back on top of it. Okay. I must have more today. Maybe I'll try some different flavors. Some them would be good. Another leader? No, not not not a leader. That's only on the board where it is. I don't know why I did that. I have the idea why I did this because you're a sick human. You ate a leader of ice cream that you didn't even like. Oh, exactly. Now see, it's like, and that would be like an alcoholic. Drink in a bottle of booze. You think he wouldn't have finished it just because you didn't like it. Is this something in my bottle of cheap wine? You think he wouldn't have finished it just because it was like, craft? Good point. Yeah. Same thing. That's a WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. That's the volume food anywhere. Jackie, chief. Yeah. Yeah. Wait till we get to the pizza once, pal. Come to QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yep. And Neil, are you doing? Great. Hey, listen to our advice. Just call to give you some translation. The advice means the dishes. Oh, yeah. That's right. And the menu you'll see that. Yeah. First, the second dish right. And a brush means a hot. A piano is a florida in Italian, piano. No, piano is a florida. No. piano piano is a valentino. He's never heard of that. It doesn't mean flor, like in a hotel? No, no, pizza. Pizza means flor. No, piano. No, no, no, no, no. piano means florida. Actually, Piquio. Okay, whatever you say. Maybe that's the elevator that goes slowly. I don't know. That's why they're on it. And a brush means hard. Okay. That's all right. Yeah, that sounds absolutely correct, right? And specum means mirror. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you for the attention and don't sit on you. You okay? Okay. I thought piano, man. I think piano means flor. I can a hotel. I'm going to look that up in my, uh, a lot of dictionary. I don't think so. Huh? See, sounded very authentic. Because obviously, he has a good bowel movement. But, uh, I don't know. So what is it again? What do you just say? Hugs. But that's you. And what was the other one he said? Means the one? Oh, and that's right. First, like on a menu in Italy, you'll say, the cream of Pia, pia, pia, whatever that word is. What's the word? That word. Now first course, second course, whatever. See, you've got to use it. You lose it, baby. That's right. I got to go back to Italy very soon. You're going to be in Vegas. I'll be in Italy. I'll be doing Romans. I'll be doing as the Romans in Italy. You talk about great food. See, and again, it's just fine. It's all matter of degree. And you expect that. We're, we're the best Greek food to be in Greece, right? Good call. We're the best Italian food to be in Italian, baby. Not even close. All these restaurants you're ready to bottom. I'm sure a lot of them are very, very fine. They're excellent. But I'm sorry. Coming predadue to whatever, but many really, there ain't nothing like it. Especially that little restaurant downstairs that I still own of the name after all these years. Boy, it is so good. We don't want you to go there. We need any more Democrats asking for less spaghetti and meatballs. 20 till 2 at 2 a 2 a 2 a and we got more Howard David. He's going to be signing anything now for another 15 years on QIM. Sure, listen, and we need more meat or Rogers as closely as we can. On five six. And... Oh God, Neil. What are hurt things? We're not here to talk about the past. I think so. I agree with Kurt. Whatever you said, went big or I leaned silent. Your fair show is in square and pan. Until you have killed like your job, then you'll give it more love than this. And if you tell the old Riley, you're not looking too big. You'll soon offend right off you and call you an extortionist all the back to stare and balance. But not when he calls and nights. He's looking for a lassie who likes it as it will to who's a Riley. When bills are right, please, honey. Sure, it ain't the nose in the door. So when they're right, he's silent. You best not pick up your phone. All my time. 146 14 goes through. I just have a little piece of assie algo cheese. Do you know what's in that seven lot of spot? One of the wraps they actually mentioned. Ask you algo cheese. Everybody's getting into ask. We algo cheese now. Oh, I want to have a warm one. You want things. It's very, very rich. Yeah. Now, it may sound ridiculous to have to talk about ice cream. But certain kinds of cheeses and certain other kinds of like real thick. Like our French dishes are really very rich. And if you eat a lot of them, like make a really sick. And it'll get you out, you know, and your toll will up the size of WC fields. No, things like that. OK. So a little assie algo cheese is good. But too much assie algo cheese is not good for you. Oh, thanks. Yeah. Cheese is great though. All by the way, during the break, I did it on my own. My mind must be clearing from my ice cream cobweb. Nicole is. That was the restaurant in Pembroke. Do you have hearing the colonel? No. But it was on the court of their Revlon. I don't know, tapped in something. Douglas, maybe? Is that sound right? No, it's not even close. Anyway, it was there on tap street in Pembroke. It was pretty damn good. That's probably not their normal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pantsy. That's one thing with restaurants. But that's the first thing you see when you've looked in the city like I lived in Detroit years ago and Boston many, many years ago. And you go back and the first thing you noticed that ain't the same. We saw the course of changing neighborhoods. But our restaurants you used to love most of aren't there anymore. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, it takes a really fantastic, especially, you know, if you last like 20, 30 years boy, you really got something going in any city. How many QI am? Oh, George. Yes, you're. It's been. It's what? My name is Vince. Yeah, Vince. What you got? I got the best pizza in the world. Okay, well, Carlos is native to pizza shows on. So that's what a George's buddies there. Pizza on another day. Let me say it again. The best of Tony Westrunner Florida. And it says right there on the pool and I said it about 100 times. I said, I said, no pizza joints is. We're actually in the, and they'll tell me the best pizza in the world is wherever you been. Because the best pizza in the world is in Italy. Real pizza, not that crap. I mean, the pizza in the arc is very good. I'll give you that. Chicago. The pizza is pizza in Chicago. If you like that deep dish that real thick stuff. It's talk about heavy. See, there's another example of what I was just talking about. Heavy, do-ly man. Wow. They actually have content. You know, like the college kids, they go to those places. Oh, yeah. And they have content. Two can eat more than like two slices of that or three. I mean, each piece weighs about a half a pound. Talk about being a pig. Yeah, it's for today. But that is it. It's right stuff. I like it. And we talked about that months ago. Remember we're talking about the pizza. Well, a lot more of those two places that used to be around in time. They're long gone. Do a pizza, whatever. Call number two or three chains. They had the real deep dish. Heavy, do the Chicago pizza. Oh, I know. I'm pizza. Well, no, no, no, no. I was at owners as well. That's right. But it's not for a lot of good stuff. Come here. It does last very long. There's a lot of people with, let's see, Tasty, look at that. And the call is now Mazda's. Taff and ninety-taff. And thank you so much. This is that interesting. I just thought of it and know you've texted to me. The call is now Mazda's with two Z's. M-A-Z-Z-D-O-V-A-S. Mazda's. Human temper pines says, onvert those in temper pines and the diversity between Taff and your Johnson. Pretty good in Italian food. Onvert those. You got it? With no age. No age. U-M-B-E-R-T-O. Onvert those in temper pines. I guess a lot of people in temper pines who don't have any real teeth. I guess maybe they go there and we get the pasta, you know, having quicker life real soft. W-D-Q-I-M-H-O. Good afternoon, are you? Yes, sir. OK. There was, uh, probably a book of the memo is to get high. It's a step above the Algarb. Really? I heard the odds. Oh, it's good. I hope I'll get it. You would, and then, like, your tastes are north, north, or an Italian. And you've got some, you've got some quality. So you know that, you know, good, too. I wouldn't go there on a bet. No, no, no, no, no. I don't like Northern Italian. Like Southern Italian. Oh, but you like Northern Italian. No, no, no. We're so filling up the crap all that stuff with butter. They cook, I like Southern Italy where they cook with olive oil and, uh, it's right. I don't know. No, you're right. The piece you want to place to like, it's called Viva La Pasta and for a lot of the oil. It's a small, literally all in the wall, but, uh, outstanding food homemade dishes. You'll go crazy. Viva La Pasta. I'll tell you one of the things, there used to be a place called, uh, read as Italian restaurant. The odors changed the name and called it, uh, pias. It was on, in North Miami, but after they widened, you were one, but I think it went away and I never saw it. I don't know if anyone knows what happened to it. They can't interesting. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Good luck to us. And we needed. See you, Viva La Pasta. You got to Viva La Pasta. Sure. Viva La, you'll present in. Oh, yeah. He didn't do so. First, I'm going to boys speaks in Tucson, Arizona. He hired Taylor on a Washington, right now. He signed a bill and I was in Tucson. He went drama air on the side of life. Oh, yeah. On a side of life. Let's keep everybody alive. I want to be or not. Let's keep sticking out of the house and everybody's private business. That's the girl's EOP, baby. The grand old, uh, the G.O.N. The grand old, not see freaking party. You're listening to me, buddy. You're listening to crazy people. Fights to the two fairs. Oh, oh. Girls, and American got to only listen to the message from the Uber five will have their table tall blind. And the troops come home dead. They find the comfort of the night. I'm under the bed. I never served in the army. I'm to afraid of five. So I sit right here near the TV far from the above. Five hundred or the covers you'll discover. I'm a big fish. There would prefer to have some other to the fighting for me. Now this country I love is I keep fighting our rack. And all the suckers like me, whose nicks are brave in the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly in motion. Brown eyes. The big mouth towers of the world who gladly follow. Lime. Hey, I'll go same up to a brave. Keep firing less. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flag will fly from the back of my trunk. Not that any, Alex, you don't take me. I don't think the f*** and my view will be pulled by the world. Is what I see on Fox News. So yeah, I'm an armed care warrior. Who knows better than you? You fairies. I'm an in-bred jerk. Who parroted anything they say. Don't have a reader as sir. Get so much easier this way to watch TV or look at pictures. You wish it to take. With my finger up high. And I jiggle my brain. But I'll go same up to a brave. If you fight all you list, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And I know my flag. So I can pull on my foot. To proud me show the swat's that good on my guts. The sawing ones. Friends in the world. Not those I ragged or tears. They are the armed care warriors. I'll put better than you. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Ladies and gentlemen, to keep our economy growing, America must reward corporate criminals. And I have done so. Because a society is measured by how it treats the weak and vulnerable. We must punish the efforts and dreams of entrepreneurs, especially for women and minorities. And a urge powers to punish hardworking people who want only to provide for their families. But most of all, I have a message for every American who is 55 or older. Social security system has serious problems that will grow worse with time. In the next four years, we must not matter. Those now retired are near retirement. Our aim is to kill many. And best of all, the leader of this nationwide effort will be our first lady, Laura Bush. Thank you and they got less and more. Bye-bye!