Aaron Did he say it kills the moment? doc do doc do man alright time to go to Torano literally me I've gotta get that out of here and go some place I won't show up no water you gotta stop name yeah You gotta stop is what you already say they haven't got it sold they don't know what they spawn there's no other thing still going through last we don't understand bad gotta beat for the boot I think it's going to go over to you, Katana, and just zip out of the Gulf of most street toward New Orleans again. They didn't get the message the first two times to clean up the rack and the Lord wants them to cut the crap. Well, hey, maybe it's just warning us against those slot machines here. I mean, any town I've got, the main drag is called Burbham Street. What does that tell you about? What kind of a slurpingly, courseball place, then? I don't like that city at all. I like to. I hate it. Well, you're lucky because you like to fur grounds, probably. No, I actually don't like to fur grounds, I'm really. Never been there. I have. Won't be going to the fur grounds or Las Vegas at any time in the future. In fact, when you were getting up too early, I was just dragging my ass in from wood vine. Can you believe that? This morning? Yeah. You were there all night? I had a long session. And not only it was, I was going to be in the grass and made all my money back but one little bit. And you're like that. That's the best one you've got. I couldn't leave because I got a hot machine mine so I couldn't leave. So you stayed all night until about two, 30. Wow. So if I sound a little bit out of it, because I'm a little bit out of it. Too bad. I did not win the 25 million lot of last night but the good ones is nobody else did either. So Saturday it's up to 30. Not 30 million. So if I should have been that Saturday I'll see you all postcard from anywhere. Anywhere I want to go. That's true. Anywhere I feel like going. Well, and I see this broad and one of your power balls, 140 million. Yeah. That's a little bit of overkill when you say 340 million. She get it all at once. Oh, I doubt it. It's a US thing. So she probably got to pay tax and all the way take it. Yeah. It's a rip off. But I like that check, you know. And when a lot of here you go. In fact, that time I had five out of six and I got the six and a number of bucks. I just got on the cab and I went over to the a lot of place and they show you your ID and you give them the ticket and they write you. So it's set out for a couple minutes and they write you out of check and have a nice day. And that's it. Just then I reported this earlier that I've heard from one of my network sources. That the Dolphins can't just city game might be played tomorrow night here. Tomorrow night. So I thought maybe somebody should call the other station and say, you might have to go on here tomorrow, like at 730 or something because they don't know. Well, that they're going to be saying caught a show with her by that time. Anyway, with the book coming out tomorrow and they all always all over the place. I'm telling you it's going to be a very ugly scene for them. Astro is going to the world series. Does anybody care? I'm sure don't. I don't care. I like the Astro is there. Okay. I like to fact that Craig Bidjo has been playing her since he was like five years old about a hundred years and he's finally going to the world series. It's good. He's a good guy. Yeah. So Saturday night. What? The world series. That's what you think. Now is that going to be in the Chicago or Houston, Chicago? Well, it's good thing for that because who knows you this. This thing that made go to her Houston again. We don't know. They haven't got any ID. Nobody has any idea where this thing is going. This is one of the most mysterious and bizarre things and it's going to the west to make this loopy loop and they're not getting less sure by the minute. Now there was a notice in my building that said that if we had to evacuate, that they would turn the power off in the building. Yeah. Why do they do that? Well, what floor do you live on? The fourth. Oh, that's not too bad. No. Why were they turned the power off? You ask me? Well, maybe they want to decrease the population in there. Maybe we got some old geysers in there who might to croak walk in down in the civil flights. Yeah. When I left to come to work this morning, there were people in their cars leaving. Now, did you finally put food to refrigerator or not? I don't think this thing's coming either. Ha ha ha ha. Well, guess who had a heart attack? Who? Probably one of your favorite actresses, Fat Shelly Winters. God, I know she went to a lie. I thought she was dead too. She went to Academy Awards. Was nominated two more times. She suffered a heart attack yesterday. Well, I guess she's a suffered at Friday, but she's a coming back. She's doing she's only 85. I thought she was a grown man, Frank, a passive blue place in the sun. The sun, the beside adventure, all of these things. She was when she was really young. Yeah, she was a looker young. She was kind of a hard one. The George was saying before. Yeah. It was kind of a dish. And then, of course, she got a little, just like this. Let's time hovering over the dish. But too much food and refrigerator and look what happened. What it was. Yeah, when you have a lot of food and refrigerator, even, I will admit to that. And that is on those rare occasions. But when I used to really go to the supermarket and stock up with stuff, then I go home and I sample everything. So, oh gee, I got this and I got to try that. Oh yeah, I got that. Tomorrow, I mean, stocking up. I'll stock up tomorrow. Just think that. Here's what they're saying now. The one thing to notice is, this form is slowing down and it's likely to re-intensify before to purchase the Eucotent sometime today in Chimaro. That means it could get back to category five strength before. And either makes lample on the Eucotent or just skirt it. Either way, it's likely to bring some strong wind and heavy down force to that region. And the more interacts with the land, of course, the worst off it is for Mexico. The better it is for the Eucotent mainland because that interaction with land will likely weaken the storm. But the track still contains the movement. Choose of rights. We're seeing that sharp right turn and eventually land. Yeah, it's just like the country. It's taken a sharp turn to the right. You see that? See all these things fit together in the world of life. So, all part of the grand plot. Yeah. Part of God's plan. So anyway, Shelley, what is this thing? That's a good news. Oh, that's a good news. And as to go to the world series for the first time, I guarantee that it we're starting to thrilled about this. Chicago's number three year market, right? Yeah, it's for the third. Yeah. And Houston's like number 7,000 or something. Oh, you have the big market. Doesn't seem like a really sexy amount of to me. I mean, it is nice that there's two teams that never get there, but never less. Could be a very interesting swan. I don't think that I'll enjoy it. I hope you enjoyed a lot. The world series. I will not be watching it. One moment though, not one. Not one second. If there's racing going on, I probably won't be watching it. Really? I don't know. Saturday, hopefully there'll be racing. You mean a calder? Yeah. The reason why they didn't be. I'll be watching hockey. Okay, I'm hockey intensive now. Leafs are off to a pretty good start to got Carolina here tonight at the ACC. See, well, the panthers are playing a third game in four nights. Yeah. Well, they better put you up a little bit tonight. They host the Washington camps who are playing better than anybody thought they would. They got the kiddo of which kid, that Russian kid. Well, I have to go to the other. I'm sure you're following me. Can't speak. Oh yeah. Actually, I'm going out to the Marlin's press conference to meet Joe Jordi. Oh, I'm not Joe Jordi. Joe Jordi. Joe Jordi. Come on, you know those ex-cobs. That was a great year, Damon, very hell. And Joe Jordi. Yeah, with the two catches. It'll be interesting to see what he does. But now, where is he managed so far? Mine really? Never. He was a bench coach for. Kind of the win. Joe Tory last year. And the year before that, he was a broadcaster. Now, the ones you must come cheap then, huh? I don't really say that. I don't really say that. And by the way, those of you who want to hear that live broadcast of the press conference, it'll be on WQA and dot com at 11 o'clock this morning to introduce Marlin's new manager, Joe Jordi. It's six or seven hundred thousand is what he's getting. I see. Well, I don't think, I guess, clearance for good. Not so many people care about it because we're not going to put it on the year. And that's a damn good thing because we can't afford to waste valuable airtime. Well, there's a good way to waste from my snad at Windsor. Think that, loving inside little boy blue charges out to try for the label. I'm not done. I couldn't do a shrimp-mardi-adler call in the races at Windsor for last six hundred years. He actually called in the show a couple years ago one day. Remember that George? Yes, it was kind of boring to be audience. I enjoyed it, but the audience said any idea what we were talking about. We were like me talking to you about harness racing. Oh, or you didn't know that Stanley Dancer died? I didn't know that. No, that's the fact that you're having some kind of memorial for him up a pop-up. No, I think they had that Saturday. That was last Saturday? Yeah, but it was just Saturday. I don't think so. I'm not a Korean-my copy, but then again, my copy, you know, copy. And we're still as department. Yes. I don't want to spoil your day and get started on that. I don't get me started. The contract has got a whole bunch of accounts that are coming on one of these days, but a bit of a book, and a birthday, and an entity is really on top of it. Oh, man. That's she selling to. You think screw-in was on? No, she is not selling. Not sure. I hope she saw in the year show because she didn't sell in squat all on a show. But the only thing she's accomplished in she's been here is Jason Jeff Cohen and a piece of loft off of this show after about 25 years. Other than that, she isn't doing it. She didn't come in, Berkeley, but she was good friends with screw-in, so she's kind of like to carry it in my ears of QAM, highly qualified for her position. Whatever position. What do you say? That's a good analogy. Yeah. She is the one to perform what Harriet Myers is to the Supreme Court. Unacceptable. Unqualified. And un... Unbelievable. It is after October 1st, so from the salespeople, you cross out on the way out. Or if you cross paths with Mo and apart, would not have been something else. But remember when you had, I'm sure you do very vividly the shouting match. Well, a little more than one, I'm sure, but they last moments screw in in a parking lot. Yeah. Were you colder, everything under the sun? All of the macaroid, by the way. And you've got one of those p-values, one of those little suspensions. Yes. Now, if it would have been after October 1st of this year, it would have just blown her crap away. I'm going to park him out. I'm going to come back to town to witness that. Yeah. Or beside me, so I'm old. No, no, no, no, no. See, there you go again. Do you know what we were in the other area? I never said nothing. No, no, no, no, no. You already said my peace on him today. What did you say? Well, yesterday, the Marlons... I've heard you, but Marlons... What did you say? And asked, an answer already yesterday. And I'm listening to see what was being said about it. Only it wasn't on our station. What do you mean by that? Well, they were talking about the dress code and the NBA, I didn't know that, again, I know the word rest. Anyway, I thought it was a journalist's full paw. It's not even, you know, bring it up. Are you picking on my bald head of buddy again? Yes. He's going to toss his muskware night if you don't want to. He can toss whatever he wants. I can salad. Yeah. Or his lunch. You can say he was right. He brought a whole new dimension to sports talk. He sure changed his mind. There's no question about that. Well, I'm going to tell you, see, this is a good idea. I'm going to tell you, see, this is a good idea. I'm going to tell you, see, this is a good part of our listing. When the numbers come in at 1130 tomorrow, boys and girls, it'll be the full summer book. And then on Monday, we'll have the extrapolation. So we can do the hour by hour. And we can see who's really being naughty and nice. And I'm going to go, I'm going to scour through those. How might spend the whole show on Monday with those? Are we listening? I'm especially going to be interested across the street in Joel Fineberg's. Oh, he's going to create a new big. Oh, you know, we got the one in the morning, but he's got his own big. Who knows where I'll be on Monday morning? I don't think they're going to crack the one share in men. I mean, maybe like a one five somewhere. I don't think they'll ever get over it, too. And they're going to definitely have day parts where the numbers start with them. Oh, that's embarrassing. It's very, very exciting. Can you say, I used to work on that station when it was W's. W's back when the great did Casper was there. We had like a real radio station. Back when Jerry Williams was there. Alice Rantel and Jerry Wichner, Charlie Capis. Pretty good group. Remember those days? Yes. Surely tweeters. Charlie winners and Shirley Peters ever seem together. I think that's the same person. You know, Charlie. Yeah, I knew it. Did you really? Yeah. She's the work. She worked with Can though, where GBS. Really? Yep. I'll be there. Was she that fat then? I don't remember. That's bad. She's okay. I like Shirley. She just tries a little bit too hard. She just obsessed with that feminist, like he kind of stuck in it. But she's, she's okay. She's a good guy. On that note. I'm gone. Now, what are you going to be doing to prepare for tomorrow morning? Going to bring in a couple of sandwiches and celebrate? For a second. I don't want to do this out loud. What was that guy build? Tech, direct. What the name was on? Yeah, whey me? Ow. Ow. But I think that the fact that you're going to be eyewerless for two of the three months of the summer book is going to be only a human. I don't know. I don't know. One guy who has competition from them. What is that? We got Joe. Yeah. You see, you know how he side-step. He screwed it around. The fact that you're going to be eyewerless in it helped in August, and I think it's going to help again in September. Well, you're not going to watch there. You, they don't want to hear some squeaky windbag from the sun sentinel. Although now the sun sentinel, did you see the man demanded sing on there? What? Oh, that's right. You don't do the internet. George, before this man leaves the building, he has got to see. You didn't see the thing they did in the mad dog? Well, Josh, give it up. Oh, you've got to see this. You will actually pin your pants. You better get two in the house and bring in some extra depends. You'll just go nuts when you see this. It's one of the greatest bits you've ever seen in your life. OK. Visual audio, the whole stick. All right. I'm at no till loose to much and cross your fingers and your legs and say a prayer and put a dead chicken on your door for other book tomorrow. Well, I'll talk to you before the book comes out. All right. Well, we'll make our, in fact, we can have any cake all in. We can do a teleconference. So we can put the morning line out of the range on the book. OK. Ask someone on. How good day. How good. How good. For a favorite voice that challenges certainly do not come one at a time. When the cold evening alone, when you roll that apply for, you better see the whole damn face. When the people come down, they begin to shout out, say, if all of the events are they shall. It's against the law, law, law, law, what's against the law? What's against the law? What's against the law? The children be a strategist to the money and life and have a crime at two, two, and that's sure. The way to you a day to come to your face, you come home and have a detention. When it comes to the way, the beating is the most suffocating year, the prison rate. They'll all be Jewish and tired since the battle will land. So they'll throw a whole new free to children and they'll go back. So you'll be a gathering down by the jail yard. If you go to no party near that jail yard, a morning, 24th flight, which is our hot topic tonight, could be a maker breksan for President Nicolett iklezger Carl rove, whom she is framed will face a grain of stuffing. It's pretty dumb-up. The stomach FX Committee investigates Senator Frisk. It could do their own investigation along with a curator's an exchange commission and the U. Us attorney's office. The meeting occurs with two of them as we've been entangled in connection with places for a less- disagreeable EDSM she희 is involved. Underfire in the The leads case. And a couple of the days to come and take your away, can you surprise for this feeling? Me. Throw the red for right, once I get out of my sights, I roll over that cover of you, weak. Lovers on their way. I don't go with it, go wind and on their way. There's two end time, but we're going to be sure to share a good night, tomorrow. The year came to me, no, no. You're the two of us, catcher and down by the jail, and we are four. And we'll try to fool you by playin' up the years card. But we'll do it. Now, we'll try to distract you by playin' up the years card. It's going as expected, present it to be unloved by the heat. Can't talk about it, but the investigation is completing investigations, completions, completions. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. A.F. We have the banana republic, baby, only in Miami. ... Black Man Look out Sc물 Yes. That's loing out her A 50 roll girl in chair You're an alcoholic We told the only couple, my little couple, baby, all There's information there, no one should be there So the fear factor, the human being true We accept the future's what they're in and you With all the full little, my little couple, baby, all Through the name of the truth, sharing the truth In the very shallow waters, I hope That's not the so-called U.S. With all the full little, my little couple, baby, all Through the our information of the global secret There's a lot of people to the entire thing The only couple, my little couple, my little couple, baby, all We have a lot of people, I'm dying out of the Yes. 10, 21, tipy, headwind is a little bit concerned It's Mark Twain for the full of somebody factors I just messin' out even though he's got anywhere near the day We got a lot of fish to fry the nakes We've got them, we'll come out tomorrow Looks like the indictments in Planegate Won't we tell maybe you're really next week now? Oh well, baby, we can't. We're not sure that, but I'm just to have been reading these things Anyway, I'm sure that the audiences just Jones didn't know about Hurricane Will, no one of They should crawl in with the bed, they should put up The shutters, they should think about it They should have a bunch of lumbering And by the way, now that it is after October 1 Keep this in mind, there's some good news for you Yeah, for Hurricane seasons in the future And that is that you fat ass governor gives you the green light If you go like to one of the stores where you're buying your lumbering Your plywood or maybe just your bottle of water in the supermarket And somebody cuts in front of you and tries to grab your stuff It's blown away because they're jeopardizing your family's livelihood And they're welfare and being healthy Don't jostle me, that's right If somebody jostles you or looks at you like they're going to grab that bottle And that's also in sure way to get your fair share of a quick drop And the fat ass governor will come in and probably give you a golden medal And a purple jelly bean or something like that Or maybe some luck coke Hurricane Will, we can't just to category four May not reach out for until Monday, but of course, they're like you We're just here and before It's probably going to get back to a five and then the four and the three And one and it's like a Lawrence welker again I wanted it to, they don't know, they haven't got a clue Much of Florida went on high alert as Will makes Florida the most intense hurricane on record yesterday, but the storm began to slow It may not reach out to these Florida till Monday morning, they're seeing that But it's Wednesday's high as 120 miles an hour and driving rains But then again on the other hand, because of the slowly moving storm officials in the key Change the mandatory evacuation from day until tomorrow Friday And south Florida coastal residents and those in mobile homes might be Or to do a back weight by tomorrow might be a small ray of hope We merge different continues on its current path and rams in the Mexico as you Can't pronounce them, it's anticipated right turn toward this region Could be altered in the system strength weakened the National Hurricane Center Be Sam if it just goes 20 or 30 miles The current in the area and the coral could be destroyed Said hurricane specialist Stacy steward a lot of depend on the exact track You know, like whether it's a collar or like the fur grounds or Santa Anita A to clock this morning Wilmo, which is already left at least 13 people dead An unlucky number for them was about 1795 miles south east of Cousin, Mell Mexico slowly Turning west northwest at 7 miles an hour with sustained winds of 145 miles an hour Which is nothing to seize that it says your west northwest, but they've been saying it's a lot more west Maybe we'll watch in it. Yeah, how can you know it? Yeah, miles under like every seven second Sure, the expected turn to the northwest hadn't happened yet keeping the storm on a track through the UK attend The I wall of Wilmo was going through a weakening phase Kind like the numbers over there for Joel. Oh weakening phase, but they replacement forming within 24 hours And the hurricane going through another strengthening. It's up. It's down. It's in and out. It's strong. It's weak. They're after a portion of the circulation will be interacting with the UK attend peninsula And there'll be increasing wind shear Wilmo should then be going to study weakening trend of hurricane centerstatus statement Which of course can click with what they tell us now about how it's going to become a five again before who knows. It's kind of like, you know, or miles away Maybe this could be the John Kerry her came. Remember he was against the before he was for it or was it was for before he was against it And this is a weakening before we're strengthening Yeah, it's a waffling your hurricane. So good actual waffles and they have a good time. Out of the current forecast track the system of scrapped near Naples on Sunday Right over Joyce's hand. Oh God. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the eye of that thing blew right through Joyce's window when that piece sweet Oh, they're like, oh man. What a big target. Hurricane center meteorologist Jennifer Pralgo, whoever that is, do you know who that is? Hi, he doing Jennifer. Send in pictures. Make it please said it was no longer expected to be major hurricane after making it slow pass over the UK. Oh, then that's the that's contradictory. We expected to be a category to a landfall of Florida. Well, that they are saying Cat two have winds of 96 to 110 miles an hour. Remember what Katrina came in how they totally blew that and they said, oh, it's only going to be a category one and about 75 miles an And that came in like at about 95 mile an hour and it left an enormous amounts of rain did a lot of damage mostly in date Where got his really pissed off that they turned that slot thing down in the referendum that they're all following Gustaf and along with your fan ask governor Anyway, then it would roll through the north end of Palm Beach County early Monday. Is a cat one or two hurricane? It would again keep in mind that all of this is so strictly speculative right now. So I don't want to be a real I want some of you hang in there. So like a great toy coming in our Monday to oh gee, you're really missed out on this one again try I'm not a meteorologist. Okay, I know we had a great crack news staff at QAM. The city or whether expected to be widespread because Wilma's expected to grow in size with its strongest winds likely to extend more than a hundred miles from its center. Hurricane winds now extend 90 miles from the center. This is going to be a big hurricane with all the nasty conditions including strong winds and stirms to stir stirs to where it's said no matter how you slice it, it's going to be bad this weekend. It's going to be bad she said after the storm clears out cooler dryer conditions will prevail in South Florida It could be the nicest weather the season said it would make meteorologists at the hurricane center. So goes to sure before you have the good weather you have to put up with a little service right big big bad hurricane Five more degrees not to be in South Florida not to be in the sunshine state. What what does that got to do with sunshine anyway? We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We were here. We're here. We're here. But hey, Meghana, forget about our company's. We're here. We'll say that we're here. We're here. We're here because it's strong. If you are after us, we have to be out there. Yes. We're here, look at the team And don't forget us. We're up there again. We are here. Thanks, let's go. I said if anybody cares just go to qm.com and by the way speaking of that very, very week website, Josh Cordas is personally taking it over and is going to make it a hell of a lot better than the embarrassing piece that it is right now. You better go this. You didn't know that we saw right as you see it last night. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It goes on. It has my recommend course smoother-ware to the oven. Put right back, in my George peop tree. But, wear themhouseéters. I see! Fucking turntlets. What are they trying to tell me? I found a quest for the center, before screwing yourself apart. They've never been to say what is지 stinks. FOSCARS For this, they have HIPRAasts, aworld, a ה cuts. The school has moved by even wood. If you bring me into the forest, if I can make a understood... ...that would work with us. So, they've got to take my home to the living room. Seems it's been few and come out this, then something. We asked me, all we could just stop to all of this. Is that anything you can do about my land prayer? Well, let's go towards the stop this soon. The last quarter to be this soon. Well, if you insist, if you draw this home, to show his kids it may then happen. And a little quote, some would you. Sir, sir, I do stand service. Sir, shall we say, you will do those words of the fact? It's all the truth. Sir, sir, I do stand service. Sir, sir, sir, sir, sir. All the more of you, good and good. Court of witnesses. This is more of the judgement. Sir, I do stand service. Sir, ask Pickup, for the hand of the man again. Nice sense! And here and there are a couple other you who好像. Brown County run avant面, you play with everyone in particular. And I am going to invite you to act here. You know what the act is. An ounce of expressions are around 400 pounds. What does that mean? An hour later. Okay, something like that. Can I ask, is this over 400 pounds? or something like that why can't it barely read by art good. That's like a dope. It's just scouting for camel toads at pools and yes. What this is a bad copy it's dark it's a sister man that's good as it gets and what's it about camel toads. Oh camel toads. I say flop put it down here to bottom of my pile and eventually you know maybe later I'm going to do it. Here's yesterday's pull result you see how far behind we are because of the fact we can finally with the hump or a lot and he continues bashing my good friend mole badly keep it up. Because we're a couple of old Jews getting over to back fence and ripping and tearing into chewing and clawing whatever and we know somebody is listening out there. I know you're going to play that drop and I just just a matter of moments I can count you know those three dollars over the type of all of it. Who are lucked as to minimize the America celebration of mediocrity was our pull yesterday? 1733 vote George W. Bush eight o'clock I said yesterday that would be fine if he were only mediocre if we can only pray he would reach that level but unfortunately he's many not just beneath that but he want to pull hands down it away. The education system one ninety nine of course he epitomizes that the Democratic party one twenty nine whimps week just fine list. TV 85 it is so bad parisultant 52 speaking of TV Harriet Myers 44 I in fact I prefer Oscar and Chuck Myers over Harriet any day. I prefer Harriet Hiddard myself. I bet you most people didn't know that there was Ozzy Nelson and Harriet Hiddard. Why did she have a different last name? I don't know. A lot of people do that. And show business especially. Right. Ashley Simpson 40 the NFL 40. I see a strong correlation there maybe she can go on a Super Bowl next year on a little movie flap. Brownie Brown heck of a job by one heck of an incompetent man 39. Congress 36 John Kerry 32 the old waffle man. I wonder if John Kerry has a waffle iron you think. Wrap me your hand with some restaurants they name dishes after like athletes or politicians things like that like the newly burgers that's right well maybe maybe some Martin restaurant can have like the John Kerry waffles right if they can have Belgian waffles right rap music twenty nine that's again mediocre is way much of a compliment for that Condolese at twenty eight maybe your next vice president condolese with a really bad teeth we could you see you know the interesting part of it is that if condolese it is run against Hillary in 2008 it guarantees a bull-dike president vice president right when that be some that would be uh first I think is Al Gore 25 Julie ribbon 22 speaking of whims J Leno 16 very week in J low 13 anything with a j you look at a Joliver in J Leno in J low victory a gotty 10 Registful benign it's big regist we'd a cause be eight and that that's just one of those mysteries Al Franken eight then everyone. Al Michael seven I forgot to tell Hank about that he'd be wild about that. Oh did Hank get to see the mad dog thing no he said he had to go to the press conference so he'll have to see tomorrow. What are we gonna do about him nothing no seriously what are we gonna do about the hump right it's it's he needs to see that you don't you think you would like just about what is pansy and what something that's a little what's the big deal with a stupid ass press conference who cares about so Jo Jorardi's gonna be the new marlins manager former catcher for the uh Cubs in the Yankees and a few other joints it was like a mediocre at best right handed hitter he flew to the Damon very hello in the 89 Cubs drive for the penit which of course said they lost let's see Al Michael seven the NBA seven Nancy Grace Grace Nancy is got six friend thank you friend John Laguziyamo Laguzamo I have no idea that it's like another lucky actor too and George Lucas one actually he's the one thing they've turned on him like a cornered rat okay and let's see now is it is this see and this one from John I don't know if this is for yesterday's pool or it's a painful take a pic huh it's been dead for a few years now I think it was gonna be for it's this man's serious his all-time favorite American was Bob Hope John and you spent too much time in South Carolina with those uh Barbison agoyaman I tried to word wow huh I tried to word in people about South Carolina Bob hope my ass good jolly and somebody else well today's pool is now you're gonna say well you've done this no we haven't we've asked you who is your who is the greatest all-time American and is a big difference between that and who's your all-time favorite American it could be like soupy sales you know it could be anybody is your favorite and that could be somebody great or it doesn't have to be the greatest a very very big difference probably like a minor difference in your mind but to me believe it's another easy pool so that's the question you're all-time favorite and we got another pool it's a fact I'd like to nominate Zachadio Wia who the hell is that Zachadio Wia they explained it on the endie and she guide who can't blueish and clock entertainer on the discover the west she got her own postage stamp Zachadio Wia they would have died without her a sack that is huh well good just stick around here you know I can do it like a postage and I'm a pool anyway here's what we got so far in our pool today and don't forget to log on to qm.com and let it a clock it's come out of only minutes from now for that big Marlon press conference judge your already never stole a freight train he's a good guy I like to a jurati not a lot but he's all right good at it I mean boy somebody's gonna come so well he's not a tag in the oil oh and you know something no I think you ought to put him on there right now to a jurati no on our full today judge or me not know you want me to give you a clue who it's going to be all right you're gay yeah put Reverend Jones on a pool because if we don't he'll call in you know well we're going to get a Reverend Jones a put him on there just for kicks it would give him and his boyfriend something to do for 108 votes so far that's not it's okay not a poor standard this week so far but you know a lot of people are busy doing stuff trying to save your lives and we'll let you let you off though for that full time sake who is your all-time favorite american bill Clinton 88 good choice I didn't vote for blah blah but good choice JFK 40 another good choice didn't vote for him either Ben Franklin 39 after your 35 he will have to her is tied with the eight I would Thomas Jefferson he's have but third they both had slaves eight Lincoln 22 Ronnie both had sex slaves Ronnie Reagan 20 time medicine 16 Albert Einstein 15 Algo steam 13 you see that a Jewish albiania of a name Einstein Goldstein Glickstein right right that's fantastic I would every time I think Einstein was to get Algo steam the same breath don't you really know George Washington 10 Mark 29 Teddy Roosevelt 9 Elvis 9 George W's got six that makes me want a puke Thomas pain it's level four five in fact is not interesting that T. W's up there probably the biggest pain in history in Tompane is right under his ass with five Dr. Ruth Scott for Alfred Kinsey three perfect Rush Limbaugh three Marilyn Monroe two and Bob Hope just went on here and so far old skinos has got and is there really so the big oh this is Neil Rogers this is five 16 James zoom some new beat you struck you hores Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, if I do. I said the boys are back at town. Why you? I got a whole new sport, whole food. I know everything is going on in that room. Why you are even a loser? No, my job rules. I'm getting a job. Daddy, hold on. You're back and you're going back and I. You said that is so when I take you straight. I know I ain't no way to ruin you. But when they drop, I boys will change. There were little smoothies. The boys are going to go. We're going to go. I just want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. 1048 and 56, you're over to QAN. We're just minutes away from that big Marlon's press conference on. On a station on our website, on their website, QM.com. I don't want to do that. Even Josh don't want to be associated with that one. When it gets to be new, we'll improve. He'll take credit. Am I right? Yes. There you go. Any day now. But in the meantime, here's the 11 o'clock advisory on Hurricane Wilma. So don't you have your seat. Put your knees together. Very tightly. Stick your finger right on your throat on your right hand. Take your left hand. Take the middle of the gym and stick it. Deep inside your back bone. Just hang on tight. Another good idea. Excellent idea. And it's just practice for future, you know, when the government gets you all with Deputy Friends, you would love the one those phony terrorist alerts. Okay. Hurricane Wilma extended southward on the Eucotan. At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Mexico is extended the hurricane where he southward to Tidemolle. Whatever that is. Oh, there's my favorite music. Hurricane Wilma is now an effect from San Felipe to Tidemolle on the Eucotan peninsula, including Cousinella, Miner by Islands. Hurricane Wilma is also an effect for swan island. A travel storm warning in Hurricane Watchman and effect from West of San Felipe to Salastoon. What happened to my music? Oh, a travel storm warning remains an effect for beliefs from the border with Mexico southward to Bayley City. A travel storm warning is an effect for the provinces of La Habana. Oh, see that they had de la Habana. Pinardel Rio and the island of youth. A hurricane watchman is an effect in Cuba for the provinces of mind cons this westward through a Pinardel Rio and to the island of youth. A travel storm warning remains an effect for Honduras from the Honduras. The country has to be an effect on the border westward to Cabo Cumberone. All interest in the Florida Keys in the Florida Peninsula should post a modern to the progress of extremely dangerous, extremely dangerous hurricane Wilma. Not just dangerous, not just kind of sort of dangerous, but it says here from the National Hurricane Center, extremely dangerous hurricane Wilma. Oh, my God. Exactly. The Center at the Levent of Placcais morning Center for its interesting that they're saying this because this came over by five minutes ago and it was recorded in the Levent of Placcais. The Center of Hurricane Wilma was located near Levent of Placcais, a 18.4 north, lunges who had 85.5 west ore about 170 miles south southeast of Casano, Mexico. Wilma is moving toward the west north west at near seven miles an hour, a turn toward the north west is expected later today. Maximum sustained Wednesday, 145 miles an hour with higher gusts. Wilma is a cat for hurricane on the Jefferson's scale. Some restrankening is forecast during the next 24 hours. Santa understand why they keep doing that song and dance about well is weakening. Some restrankening is forecast during the next 24 hours. And then after that, yep, who knows? Hurricane Force winds extend outward up to 90 miles from the center and tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 260 miles. The estimated minimum central pressure is 915 mil bar and 27.0 to which is not the the dastardly number was yesterday, but that's still not too good. Coastal storm surge flooding is 7.10 feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous, battering waves can be expected near and to the north of where the center makes landfall on the UK tan peninsula. Wilma is expected to produce 10 to 20 inches of rain through Saturday across portions of western Cuba and the UK tan with isolated amounts of 40 inches possible, especially over higher terrain in western Cuba. They're going to get soaked in Cuba, man. I bet you're having rocking too happy about this. The hotel additional rainfall rainfall accumulation to 2 to 4 inches with isolated amounts of eight inches are possible across the Cayman Islands, Swan Island, portions of Honduras through Friday. The next intermediate advisory will be at 2 o'clock, so I'm probably quarter of it. We'll check on there and we'll pass it along. The past ago, I was still in past the morning along. So the rest, I didn't even say anything about Florida. This one, because they just, they don't know. It's supposed to make that you turn. It's supposed to go through the UK tan and then make that right that sharp turn to the right like the Americans politically. And then about a big, right through Naples, right over a Jewish's desk. Yeah. Yeah, and see, God is really a P.O. to a Jewish. You know what I just printed out, you mean I'm not going to get a panicky. I'm not going to waste your time with it today. What up? No. Let me reach back here and grab it. Because it's 12 pages long. Oh, good God. The motion picture code production code of the 1930s, the Hayes code, which of course the Catholic Church, your muscle, the way in with the Hollywood people to control what the content. When you hear this, I will take one day. I'm much fan of the whole day on a one day. Not coincidentally. That's what we started sucking really hard. Yeah. Because they used to be fun like a, I mean, a bad. I mean, the things that they, just, just, just a main. For example, let me find the thing about, oh, obscenity and word gesture reference song, joke, read and by suggestion, even one likely to be only understood by part of the audience is for bidon. Sound familiar? Joyce, this is 1930. The treatment of low disgusting unpleasant though, not necessarily evil, Sunday should always be some sort of dictates of good taste and regard for the sensibilities of the audience. Pointed profanity, this includes the words, God, Lord Jesus Christ, unless used reverently, Hell, SOB, Dan, and God, GAWD, or every other profaner of all of our special hour we use is for a bidon. I mean, I'm not going to spend any time on this today, but let me get to the thing about dancing. Dance? Oh, yeah. Dancing, forget about anything else. Well, I don't think about sex. Oh, yeah. The sanctity of the institution, marriage and home shall be upheld. Pictures that shall not infer that low forms of sexual relationship are the accepted or common thing. Seeds of passion should not be introduced when not essential to the plot. Excessive and lustful kissing, lustful embraces, suggestive poshers and gestures are not to be shown. Okay? Not to be shown. Got it? What else? Thank you so much, Catholic Church. There was still busy with listening to kids back then, so I'm watching anybody else get in turn about. Oh, dances. And this is an al-Savis for any day. Dancing in general is recognized as an art and as a beautiful form of expressing human emotions. But dances which suggest or represent sexual actions, whether performed solo or with two or more. Dance is extended with slightly emotional or an instrument audience. Dance is with movement of the breasts, excessive body movements while the feet are stationary. Violet, deft, teacency and our wrong. How do you like that? Okay. So make sure to move your feet. And one more, religion. The reason my ministers of religion may not become a character. Those are villains. They're simply because the attitude taken toward them may easily become the attitude taken toward religion in general. Religion is lowered in the minds of the audience because of the lowering of the audience. This is respect for a minister. How do you like that? Oh, that's right. Yeah. So that's just a little tidded on the board. Just a little piece. Okay, let's get a whole bunch more names on here. Don't forget in six minutes, you got that big Georgia ready. Welcome to South Florida, Marlon's manager stuff on qm.com. Anybody interested? No. How many people are going to be checking in out? Not two minutes. 560, 050, pound five, 60 leave arrived in singular wireless law. I see Reverend Jones already has a votes. Yeah, I told you. No problem. WQAN, hello. Hey, what are you doing? Pretty good, pal. Good. Listen, I was known as conspiracy website last night. Here's a latest at the HR government checking out. I believe that these terrorists, these Muslims, right? Are doing something to warm the water over there with this last podcast, peeing in the water over there, which is causing... Yeah, do we get them all right? Right. The terrorist are peeing in the water. Let's read this global warming has come from. That's how we got these big hurricanes. I think that's possible, are you? Keep them out of the pool. Tea in the water. Just in the water. Just in the water. I'm going to be able to rinse it right now, right here. Okay. Here, water matches. Oh, yeah. Water. It sure doesn't increase that temperature. Especially like in a small pool. It's a vinyl mine. Save a lot on heating that baby. WQAN, hello. Oh, Steve Perry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Let's put Steve Perry on there. What do you say? That's the guard. We have to spell it that way though. Yeah. Steve Perry. Yeah. Like that. No. There's no way to spell it. He's good. WQAN. Hello. Yeah. Bye. WQAN. Hello. Anyhow, where you? Pretty good. How are you? Good. Did you hear that company the right thing wouldn't confirm that we were not going to go to Syria or Iran? Yeah. I got that story in my pilepiles. Just stick with a program. Okay. I got I'm on top of everything. Okay. I got my thumb right on it. And she says we could be in Iraq for another 10 years. And most of the public are saying, Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my God. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. We'll be starting momentarily and when it does WQAM dot com will take you live to dolphin stadium for the announcement and introduction of the Marlon's new skipper. Don't go anywhere. The press conference will be underway shortly. We're in a special ocean in the basket. They put their lemon in the pepsi and they do it for the person out. They put the lemon in the pepsi but it's not there anymore. They put the lemon in the pepsi and they do it for the person out. They put the lemon in the pepsi and they do it for the person out. They say, Mommy. I don't like it with the lime. They said, Mommy. I feel a lot less like they were with the Marlon. Yeah, I haven't felt this sad. And when we have since they just couldn't do your job. They put the lemon in the pepsi and they put the lemon in the pepsi and they put the lemon in the pepsi but it doesn't taste the shape. I used to drink lemon but she would my soup with my legs and then I would hover my heels with her jaw and then I would say the lime. Mommy. I've been running. Maybe dog knows that there would be better. I mean, dog sir better. The idea better to not do it. It's easier for that to be easy. Mommy. Dog sir. I can not find it will be great. Sometimes I wish I would be great. If it's a lemon in the pepsi, it will be good in the way. Sorry, that's not what Greg requested but you don't something after reading this facts a second time. I realized Greg's a little on the pushy side here. Greg, you like to show Greg and that you're listening and your kids and your mother and your mother and everyone else but cut the cramped. It'll have to do. Please play the classic lotion in the basket soon at the time of lime in the coconut. It's been five years since I've heard it not the lemon in the pepsi that I just played. Or the body argument. I have no idea what he's talking about. The lotion in the basket. Oh lotion. Yeah. It's not called the lotion's well. It's called this. Low fessal lime in the coconut. It's a lotion in the basket. It makes a zit or a lock. It puts a lotion in the basket. It puts them both together. It puts a lotion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket. It has to pose this out. It puts a lotion in the basket. But I have to get it puts the lotion in the basket. You rub it on my front. It puts a lotion in the basket. It applies to a zit. It puts the lotion in the basket. I just got it. I switched my TV and my legs I said. I'd like to pass around this way. It's on me. I'm not going to die. It's promise. I want to look for a local. My name is Paffron O'Reilly. I'm not a notion in the past. It takes it for my shit. It works so large in the past. I owe it by T.P. It works so large in the past. It works so large in the past. Oh, it works so large in the past. I've got my skin shoot. People are like, like, like, like, like... Ohh. Oh yeah, 돈. I wasn't bad with the health Yeah, it's just as funny how nicely we've done these websites out here. Grace is basically my interval, and I tell them to watch out the show. Please show them what's here. He's going to like program the whole right to the show here. Let's wait for that. And then he says, I was really down on Tuesday when I could listen to the podcast from Monday on your website. I was in Florida, showed daily regardless of who is the host. God is baseball, crap is terminal. What does that mean? We don't have no ball game on Monday. I guess we were down at the internet stream. I don't know. No, we were not. Okay. One of the day we have no to drop out. What does that have to do with baseball? All he's talking about today. Which by the way, that's over. Yeah, they switched the spectrum to break. Ask me if I hear. He's like a good lawsuit to me. Oh, great. It's a suit. It's a suit. Just said that he got tough going again because he's such a whos. By the way, if you ever call him here again, uh, tough or clearance, you're going to hear. You know what they're going to hear right away? Let me give you a preview. All right. That's what they're going to hear. I'm going to talk to them. They just, they just cut the cord today. This was over and about. If they just want to give us our heads up and said, Okay, well, go on here and you're not going to. You know, because how to how did we know? We didn't have any idea that our screaming was going to be affected by their stupid ass. cheesy website. There's a Mexican room. Family, very old and Saudi economy boring. And then as it turns towards the northeast, the, uh, there's certainly someone certainty on the exactly what that's going to go. On a meet on a pair that's, uh, most of the malls are still showing an impact on the fortities and the seven four peninsula. The timing is that, uh, we would, uh, We really need to help her. They went for you. They're going to be a good one. I'm going to tell you about the hurricane. The hurricane fourth win. 16,000, about 90 miles. About where do we expect man and the truck of storms? Yeah. Yeah. I think that, uh, two and 60 miles. So we're going to get a little impact on. They larger hurricane, not for us in Kansas yesterday, but still something. There's one year going to be a little bit of an area where large area. So I got in this four town. I think that's, uh, going to be a little bit of a good one. I got in this four town. I got in this two. I got in this two. I got in this four town. Not a little bit of a good one. It's not a dark thing. It's a little bit of a dark one. There's some guy there. It's in the rally or the time would it be? You know, north of between the hurricane, the hurricane, the hurricane, the same. Or it could be, uh, part of the two. There's some way to be. For the fact that it sets a large hurricane. For the four. Yeah. Or the large area. It's going around. The most likely scenario here, for a close. What is he doing there? Correct. He's there. That was like that thing on our website. He was changing his business. That was going for a real thing. Yeah. And even here. Oh man. Because we don't have very early family on that. He was just thinking I'm sorry. I don't want any money. I don't want any money. But it's me and for it have the warnings. No matter the Saturday morning. Oh God. This is he is so fond of us. This Max headroom. Jesus. By the time he gets in the middle of the first sentence, you're already nodding off in a welcome even if even if he had anything significant to say, which obviously he does not. We don't be nodding off. He's okay. So there you go. Oh, and by the way, Greg. What's real bad for you? But taste real good. And what give you the excess energy to drive mom crazy. So what break this cereal? Will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping? No, there's nothing. You should go shopping. You super sugarcoded sugarshabbers. I little bits of raw cane. You tranced in honey and coated with powdered sugar. Bluecoats, fruits, those corn syrup and other natural sweeteners. And then just like daughter called a joker. Right. Because these new, we get to invite a mince with minerals to spoil your fun. Yeah. And how does it make your feel? Like I'm so excited. I'm looking for a joker. I'm looking for a joker. I'm looking for a joker. I'm looking for a joker. And mom the love sugarjabbers do. Because inside every box there's a free bottle of new fruits, those jewelable balios. So try your super sugarcoded sugar jacquets from your friends and hear as possible food. This is meal runners. This is 5.62. You're free. Oh, we're back and on. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Oh, sexy, Melania. Show it off the phone. She's tearing the baby of Donald Trump. sexy, Melania. Let baby go back. Who's up with her big baby? Yeah. She's the way it has for baby and power. He's in that tune, no failure there. Before they go out and take their is now her. She's the way it has for baby and power. sexy, Melania. One of the reasons. And actually, staring did like time out of my room. But the love with Bobby Lovin, she would get baby in the oven. Now, Melania is missing from number three. Family speaks to what a freaking English. That's every merry man's perfect white. And now, look like his filthy pink hair rich. She's there for life. I've actually witnessed you were there that every time she climbs into bed. With the millionaire who has the dick head. Oh, don't go to the door. Oh, right. But with all that lovely, I guess she don't go. That's a looting. 145, 15 million. I keep thinking about this thing. It's like stuck in my crawl, whatever my cry is. I don't know what a cry. It's stuck there. Let by your gizzard. And I recall saying when we first were from a pro. And having the hoods, but giving this promo to me, to plug this on here to like compete with us with ourselves. I would be super. And the first one, uh, currents was booking guests for stew. Gosling was on the other station. It was on Fox or whichever one he was on. No, I don't remember. Yes, you do. Of course. Our program director was booking guests for the competition because he's his boyfriend from UM. So I would be surprised coming next week will be running. In fact, maybe we'll be running promos tomorrow. Oh, the dolphin game has been rescheduled for tomorrow. And I wish we were still waiting here about that. But what it can's a city game. But if it is, we'll be running promos. Oh, it's been switched over to, uh, Friday night. So be sure to tune in the 790. It's such and such a time. And we're here at Joe and Jimmy and all those other glam. I heard we're talking about audio in our stream. Yeah, that's that's it. Hell of a good idea. Joel, there you go. It has you chance. In fact, that wouldn't surprise me if that happens by noon. Anybody listening online, we want to apologize profusely for the unbelievable insensitivity and slack in the face. What you got from, uh, that was current's his idea by the way. Don't make sure to put him a little mention that. He's always getting his ass off the hook. Well, not always. I don't want any rate. Oh, police, we've been next to you hours in the battalion order case. I have no idea who that is or what that's all about. Well, that's not that, uh, Rosenstein, uh, I got a guy on the chart. Horowitz, whatever. Oh, please. You people have seen it and you need a life. You need to help your crazy people. Nobody knows who that is for a minute. I thought it was Dick Faitel got murdered. Maybe. There were a lot. Then we have to look a party. Dick Faitel asked Josh to. He'll tell you. Yeah, baby. Pau, baby. Maybe the most of not just person on the face of the glam. Okay. Thank you for calling Dick Faitel's hat sex line. Yeah, that's, uh, that's the one. Since 26 votes a little off our feed, I apologize for the fact that you're really going on the pitch now. I'm not giving any of my stuff here. Very important stuff. Senators reject Myers replies to questions. Important stuff. Robert, let me discuss. We have information. You and Faust is not sex abuse by peace troops. Seek with divisions and classified reports from Newsweek, which is really a, uh, hell of a fly opener. Second, any aid property in leak probe. All of this stuff, a rest ward issued for Tom Delay. They're going to book him, Dan O. Film rolls. This troops burned dead in Afghanistan. They were burning the Taliban. Mother refused to tossing three kids in the Bayon stand for San Francisco. And don't need your covered up bird for the outbreak for two years. Those maniacs there in Southeast Asia. Crazy. Who doesn't look like that? They covered it up long enough so it could start spreading other countries not over the world because well, it's so bad for business. Whatever. Just like the sourcing. I've been going on over there. Michael Jackson called for jury service, Homeland Security, uh, second. It's just more than I can handle. 15 is covered action from TomFame.com. Ridesmaids ripped off at two weddings. That's probably stir that everybody's sitting on a tack on a murking girl dolls by the right wingers. I'm going to put that right on top of my pile. Okay, because speaking of that, um, that 1930 business with the movies. Hmm, the haze office. Yeah, the haze commission. A lot of candy haze was involved in that. Purple haze. And I mean, the thing about the female, all I'm getting to that you did I. Oh, you're awesome. Dog, I diagnosed with knock-off-sy. I've got stories that will tickle your tonsils man. It'll tickle your inner-zittle-knight-new hair, grow inside your body, and protect you from all sorts of disease. Because when you've got them long follicles in your colon man, it's pretty interesting what's rolling through your colon and how it's rolling pretty hairy. In fact, some people might even be bowling in your colon. Sometimes it feels like that, um, I definitely have to write a baby meal. Maybe the nuns are bowling. Anyway, female officials said boss ignored warnings. I'm still, yeah. I can't begin to, uh, convey to you. And may say, maybe I'm nitpicking in some people. Wow, what's a big deal? It is a big deal because it's insensitive and it's rudeness of noxious. Look, it's a big deal if you care about the audience in the radio. Yeah, right. And we're tied to being treated on this show like, you know, we don't deserve it. We've been carrying this thing on our ass for like the last almost eight years now. And every chance they get to deal with us, they do it. Every single chance. Oh, well, well, we got a press conference. I wouldn't be surprised if we got a press conference with Reverend Jones. I read at least that might be funny to put on a year. Somebody might tune in for that. Especially when you need a shot by his boyfriend, maybe by us. Whatever. We're going to really dig find big find. Brugets are a buddy of top and all. Not to be confused with Joe find Bruget. That would really be a bunch of crap. That would be bad. Anyway, can I get to the story or what? No. All right, it's just, it's just not right. That's all it was done badly like they always do things. And then OG deals really upset. I can't imagine why. And about a thousand people online are pretty peoed too. How do you like that? All over the country, all over the world from pillar to post and coach to coach from the North Pole to Antarctica. How do you like that? Tough. You're quizzing. You're in pursuit. You're fair. Anyway, top FEMA agency officials did not respond to repeated warnings that the situation in the Orleans was growing dire. And you meet the aftermath of hurricane Katrina. The first team official to arrive in the city said today. Marty Bahamunday was at Bahamunday. Don't you enjoy Bahamunday down on the keys? It's for favor. Would you be buffed? Marty Bahamunday, regional director of FEMA, told a send to panel investigating the government's response to the disaster. And that's the operative word. But after the storm hit August 29, he gave regular updates to them. FEMA director downtown Mickey Browney. Of the worsening situation, that's a super-dome or many of the evacuees were sheltered. Medical care was lacking. And so our basic needs such as food, water, and toilet paper just like that. You'll end the end, which by the way, they're getting the turtle paper. Bahamunday said. That's another story I got to get to. They're getting their toilet paper. And I bet you we had a lot of people sleep us about that all night long. Right? I told him that's a super-dome conditions were deplorable that we definitely needed to food or water Bahamunday said and test them on the send home line security panel. I believe that the time and still believed today that I was confirming the worst case scenario that everyone always had talked about regarding New Orleans. His testimony contradicts Browney, who was said he didn't learn to the conditions until days later. And that local officials were most responsible for these sluggish response. You're quizzing you lying sack or crap. I say, let's hire Mickey a downtown Browney Brown when he's too collecting 147 grand year from the government. Let's hire him to be in management of QA and he's fit in like a rubber glove in your heinous man as he pathetic. Browney, my ass. Put a hurt. 635 votes on a pull. That's way way off our usual phenomenal number. You see that? See how even throw off our course today? I do. We'll be lucky to get 636 the way to show us going out. And it's my bad for allowing these idiots to, I should have just ignored it. You know what I'm saying? You're a friend. That's the part that bothers me. What did I say? I'm fed up. I want you to say no way. Don't do that. You would have pitched a fit up front. No. If they were, if they were to say, I'm a sponsor that we can alert the people listening online. And then it wouldn't have been good. At least they would have been like showing a little consideration for the audience. But why do we want to do that? Why do we want to do that? Because we just expect like with his sponsors. Just give us some of our analysts. But a lot of these spots in here are all these dropouts. Is that just me or what's that all about? That's right. Is that the audio fault acting up? Is that the spots are bad? Is it the, yeah, here are all kinds of crap. All of those things. And all you responses out there. When that bill comes, just pay it. Okay. Don't we ask any questions that it get on the air? Was it like cutting in and out? Did the audience understand what you're trying to pedal? Do you get your money? We don't care about that. Just give us the F and money. Okay. That's the QM way. And don't forget it. No wonder Berkeley couldn't sell her ass. A man couldn't sell her left cheek for a 50 cent. Speaking of that, and tack on American girl, editor-in-chief in the Madison Capital Times. This is just, this epitomizes what's happening in America speaking of the Hayes Commission. We are just taking huge. The flat earth societies taken over now in America. When they're not attacking here, we admire as the President's nominee to serve on the Supreme Court for being insufficiently biased or at least insufficiently public about her biases. Right wingers are going after American girl. Some of the largest radical right organizations in the nation are threatened to launch a boycott against the American girl line of dolls, which got it started to matter to Nureena's not successful subsidiary of the Matel Toy Company. It's swell if it's Matel. And if you don't like it, go to hell. Conservative activists groups don't like an American girl campaign that directs proceeds from the sales of popular, I can't risk bands to support girls' ink. A national nonprofit organization that describes its mission as inspiring girls to be strong, smart, and bold. With roots going back to the 1860s, girls' ink serves up roughly 800,000 girls a year, most of whom are from low income families. The group helps these girls, many of whom are African-American and Hispanic, and prove their skills in math and science, get involved in anti-inflammatory and develop leadership skills. Our philosophy is that women should have the right to make decisions for themselves, a Jewish, Jewish president of girls' ink. What a horrible concept. According to the Mississippi-based American Family Association, that's American Family Association, more the largest, fanatical, right-wing, nut job religious groups in the country, helping girls to be strong, smart, and bold translates into pro-abortion, pro lesbian advocacy. American Family Association is urging its members to pressure American girl to stop supporting girls' ink. While these Chicago-based pro-life action league is threatening both a boycott of mercuro products, and picketing outside American girls' stores in Chicago and New York. How do you like that? The group's on American girl to stop aiding girls' ink until the organization gets rid of an advocacy page on its website. That says girls have a right to have access to contraception, and that girls dealing with issues of sexual orientation can be respected and supported. All these good religions. All of these respected and supportive of us. Burn them. Burn them. Burn them at the stake. Or, we take them out for a good stake. The American girl on the dolls are related to books and templates, fair girls to grow up, smart, strong, and bold. These values and ideals have been appreciated by parents across the political spectrum, at least until now. It's clear these conservative groups aren't scared simply by a position described on a website. What scares them is the notion that strong, smart, and bold women and girls not going to have control over their bodies, their careers, and their lives. Girls' ink sounds like a perfect partner for the American girl line. Hopefully, Matel will not thought of the pressure from the arrogant headline-grabbing moralists who are always looking for a way to impose their war through a view on the rest of us. That is the best line that sums it up in a nutshell. Tedline-Aragon headline-grabbing moralists who are always looking for a way to impose their war through a view on the rest of us. Go and go to South Carolina. Go into the hills, crawl up into the tree, and with your banjo. And do whatever you want. Leave the rest of us alone, please. This is Neil Rodriguez. This is 5.62. Yeah. I am fra, Elyana, Russian, late-no. And I like scrubbing my snorkeling real ass with soap-made from jewels. And listening to the Neil, OK, I'm gonna use the hour. Take care, and for the Lord! Put your door, door, door. And listen to the bell, you know what you say. And you promise you, and I'm these little hot in here. Listen to the answer, God, a hold on you. Listen to this, and catch the end of the day soon. Oh, you're an enemy to form. Yeah. Oh, with no rest of us, no one can take you down the day. You want to come by the law, but you say, no play. You'll get ripped off, and it's a play, a play. And let me play there, a play. And the law, to the day, you'll get picked. And the play, a play, a play. You'll get picked. You'll get picked. Oh, you'll get picked. 11560W210, all over the place to explain to you. We just don't know what we want to be. Do we want to be a sports station? Do we want to be a yuck in the funnig game station? We don't know what we want. Speaking of all over the place. Yes, George is not in there. Oh, no, he's in. No, I'm just breaking the Hank called and said, he wanted us to break that the dolphin game is tomorrow at seven. I'm right, Huffford, nice going. The hammer. And I'm surprised he got the hammer, but not the same hammer. The dolphin game will be tomorrow night when it's at seven. Did you say that's right? I wasn't paying any attention. Thanks a lot, Huffford. Well, wait till he finds out that they put that stream that thing on our website. He's going to be flying. He probably coming in punch-wagon of mouth tomorrow. That's incredible to me. Yeah. Well, he ought to know. He's already suffered the wrath of the Huffford. No, it's about the wrath of the Marlins organization. We thought that it might, you know, temper a little bit. Once John Henry and that crowd of far-bison in the left town, I went up to Boston. But no. No. And guess what, Marlins organization, there ain't going to be no stadium. Okay. No taxpayer money is going to build you a billionaire as a stadium. Sorry. Bye-bye. So it's been a time delay. So the dolphin game is going to be at seven o'clock tomorrow. We broke that story. We handed first. Just there. I believe so. Thanks, Nick. Goldberg. What a treat to with a hell of a lot more respect on this radio station. Okay. Especially by management instead of using him like a big fat whipping boy all the time. Tea valling him all over the place. He parks the wrong flavor. You're suspended. If he looked at screw-and around with a cross-on, you're suspended. Man. They've headed in for him. I don't know for how long. We've been before we came there. But boy, certainly business we've been there. What a joke. You headed in for the big man. And of course they have it in for us, which goes without saying. And of course, oh, boy. I guess the only one they don't have it in for is the man dog. Yet, he'll do something on please. Please, please, that's our morning show. Hank, that thing, please. Let's show it to her. Pretty please. And the video. Put them in a good mood before the numbers come up. A Texas court issued a war yesterday. The former House Majority Lear timed a lay to appear for booking. We're exactly the face to finger-printing in photo-munch. He had hooked to avoid. Oh, I can't wait to see this. Veil was initially said at 10 Grand As a Routine Steppy for his first court appearance on conspiracy and money laundering charges. Travis County Quote official said the lay was ordered to appear at the Fort Bend County jail for booking. Maybe Dr. Ben Doberl be there to examine him. And Fort Bend. The war was a matter of routine and bottle be posted. Lay attorney Dick DeGueron said. The lawyer declined to say when Delay was surrendered to authorities. But said the lawmaker would make his first court appearance tomorrow morning. The charges against the Texas Republic. Well, we know about that. He's charged with this. But of course, the effort had major political consequences. First, by helping Republicans take control of the Texas legislature in the 2002 elections. That's his illegal activities. The legislature then redruking racial bond. Resurcored away Delay inspired plan. Took him out of the state's US House delegation and helped the GOP retain its US House majority. All three of us called that really a little behavior. Okay. Love that Americans were sitting back and rolling over his usual saying, hey, do it again. Six hundred eighty four votes. We've got to get a lot more names on this poll. That's the problem. I don't think I took one call last hour. So whipped up into a frenzy. I think so. We take any calls last hour. I don't believe so. Six eighty four in the poll question. Who's your all time favorite American? Not the greatest American. Not the most talented American. Not the best violinist like Yasha Heifetz. The who's your all time favorite American? Not the favorite, the the best cellist like Yo-Yo Ma. Yo murmur. Bill print 144. No, they say Yo-Yo Ma is what they be seeing now. Bill print 144. Ben Franklin 72. Look at the way Bubba's way out in front man. He's got a huge lead. Just like we're going to have to marve in numbers coming. No thanks to certain management people. Okay. Winpy Winpy. Oh man. Scared of their own shadow people. Okay. Like that. Papa Janko. Look what we got. Hey, Duff. You're fairie. Bill print 144. Ben Franklin 72. JfK61. Who have never 51? Thomas Jefferson 51. I'm getting an email right now, but I'm not going to be from there. Oh, it's not. Jefferson 51. FDR 46. A blink in 41. Ronnie Ray Gun 31. He was sure smooth. He's an old smoothie. That's what Nancy said. Albert Einstein and Thomas in 23. Peace. Good combo there. What will be a done without them? Well, maybe with that Einstein, we wouldn't have had the bomb. Mark 20, Elvis 17. Algo's 16. A giant in the porn industry. George Washington, 60. You know, the fly think about the fact I don't think I've ever seen those porn movies that he actually performed in. Oh, you haven't seen that. Have you? One, but he didn't. It's not what you think. He was in it, but he wasn't doing. Oh, goodness. You're just like, George Washington, 16. Time to have gold steam. Both fathers of our country. Teddy Roosevelt 12, Thomas, pain 12. George W. Bush 12. Reverend Jones has got seven. I might have to change my vote and reconsider. My hammer, at least six, Walt Disney five. Sacchargouilla has five. What? The gentleman wrote five. Steve Perry four. Bob Hope four. Dr. Ruth four. Alfred Kinsey three.� Glen bars got three. Out of 69. Four. Almost 700. No more little off. We're not going to get anywhere near a thousand. They. And they know what we don't want to. We don't want to. We don't want to. We get a thousand today. I'm leaving. Let's see. Here's one. Here's one. From LA. Somebody faxes from Los Angeles. Thanks for joining the audience. Clarence. Didn't it occur to you that some of us listening on the internet are in Florida. Thank you. God. What a bunch of crap. And we're going to get a lot of people listening on the internet. There are some in town who might actually have dire reason. Listen, because they get a better reception online. And then there are people all over the country who don't give a flying crap about them. Marlins. Okay. They care about all the intense hysterical stuff I'm talking about, which is not sports. That's why they're listening. Okay. Now maybe they only think they do care about in Florida is hurricane Wilma. Because they're worried about whether we're all going to get blown away or whatever's going on with that. Maybe they don't even care about that. And they're entitled. They got their own earthquakes and mudslides to worry about. Clarency. See, this is what happens when you hand the keys to the kingdom over a single little sports nerd kid from U.M. man and another hurricane. You think that Wilma's a hurricane. We got a word. They're hurricane. We got a word about his in the Gables. That's what we got to worry about. Mabel black the Gable or whatever that is. Tart Gable. Jesus. Jesus. So I mean, he is. Let me say it again. He is to programming. And remember what I said to Hank about Joyce. Clarency is to programming this radio station. What Harriet Myers is to the Supreme Court. He is so far over his head. He's drowning in a sea of an attitude. I'll tell you what. Why did you go over cross the street and join your boyfriend's two gods over there. Clarency be an excellent pair. You can book the guest. He's got a show. Does he do a show? Yeah. He does a show with Dan Levittard. He does the labaster show and he's supposed to be the general manager. Oh, what? I want you to run them on me. You may be a member of the stand. They've got a bad connection here. We're not women. The general manager of the radio station. The general manager of the radio station. He's a show on radio. He's Dan Levittard. That's a great. Is that what you just told me? He's told me. Yep. You have to be smith me, man. Oh, that would be like Greg Reed doing a show with a mad dog. Well, she's not a lot of compared. No dog's been a bad thing. That is absolutely. She was a dog. She was a dog. She was a dog. She was a dog. She was a dog. She was a dog. She was a dog. She was a dog. She was a dog. Man. Still got my ass. Does he? No. Does he got it in the box? Yeah. Or the char. What's in the box? It's a big fat ass. It's not connected anything. Just an ass. Secret. Do I have time to do this? This is very long. It's really good stuff. We need to bring it up. We need it on our website tomorrow because I'm sure that. Oh, yeah. I got this story to do this one first because this is your short. This is cute. Got for short. Prisoner Sue's God. Sounds like a lawsuit. Greg. A Romanian prisoner is suing God for failing to save him from the devil. Maybe we ought to sue a God for his not saving us from Bush. You think? I think there's a case. The inmate named as Pavel M in media reports accused God of cheating abuse and traffic of influence. Excellent. I'm on a, I'm on a sign on that. His complaint reads, I understand Pavel M currently jailed that Timma saw a sore appendentary serving a 20 year sentence for murder. Request legal action against God resident and heaven and represented here by the Romanian Orthodox Church for committing the following crimes. Cheating concealment of use against people's interest taking broad and traffic of influence. The inmate argued that his baptism was a contract between him and God. It was supposed to keep the devil away and keep him out of trouble. He had a God even claimed and received from me various goods and prayers and exchanged for forgiveness in the promise that I'd be rid of problems in a better life. But on the contrary, I was left in the devil's hands. I didn't like that. I met you Marty Brodurko, probably come to his right with this guy. The complaint was sent to the Timma's sore accord of just Timma's sore, accorded justice and for the prosecutor's office. The prosecutor said it would probably be dropped and they were unable to subpoena God to go to court. He's got the your face to fry. He's got to set the ascent as we can. Volgames and of course with the Dalton can't see the game to run out. He's got to really get an hop to it. In fact, if God hops to a river, then we'll have another request somewhere. Maybe that's what was going on. Maybe God was hop to it and we got was hops singing it. You think? Remember hopsing? I did. What was that? Was that on Bonanza? Bonstoke. Or Bonanza. I think you were wrong. I think you were right. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonざ. So, obviously no. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bon desperately. Bonanza. Donas. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Bonanza. Delacant. Marlon Brando, he was a American, he was a Italian, let's put Marlon Brando under by the way. All right. How many would people have? Oh, we got some silly ass marginal singers on there. Marlon Brando, good at tagging guy. Guess what? He was American and don't forget the Italian people are a wonderful people who never stole a freight train. And man, what he made that pizza, since you're the anno, they're ain't up like that to tickle your tonsils. No sauce, by the way. Somebody QAM, hello. Hi, it was on the chat. Somebody QAM, hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Pretty good. By the way, how far was it we could take, we could take him out. George, take him out to lunch? Yeah, for dinner. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. Neil, how about that religion dating Republican-hating Mr. Frank Zappa? Good choice. Excellent choice. I'd like to bring him back. Yeah, great. I'd like to thank you. Have a great day, Neil. And you too, excellent choice. I'm not going to play that thing now because then we got to like, oh, hey everybody, I'm brown and brown. But yeah, I don't want to worry about it. If I give you something as a way of protesting the in-tempered, insensitive and rude treatment we got with that, that the Marlon Horseball press conference today and screw it up our people listening on the internet. Which from our we're going to play all the Frank Zappa songs, all of them, on the next day. All the way through. I've got to drive that guy around everything. I've got to drive everything. I've got to drive everything. That was no wrong. That's the end of time to wrong thing. All right. Oh no. What the hell is that thing called? I don't know. No, seriously, what is that Frank Zappa thing called? Bobby Brown, I'm doing a brownie. Where were you? He's there. Sorry, Bob. This brown. It's the chicken I fished to enjoy. Oh, I enjoy. Who it is? My car is there. And he always done a tea. This side. I tell all the girls they can kiss my honey. Back home. Here I am. I'm out of faith in soup. I'm breathin' sharp. And I'm having to. I got a cheerlead. Here I want to help with my baby. Well, they're doing all the work. And they did it. All we were to ride the ride. I am the American Queen. I do not think I'm too extreme. I know I had some son of a bitch. Stuck some food. I can't even get a little job. And be real rich. When we were raised so gay and free we're all apart. And there's your heart. I'm sorry, I was not ready. Well, that was a good brief. Why did I dump the money? I didn't get a lot of money. By the name of the body. Well, why did I cut out there? That was a point of relief. Maybe you dumps Rob and off on you. Oh, God would have thought. Jesus, man, you were hit. Oh, I guess there goes lunch. If I do, maybe not to them, think right out of the audition line. Brother, this is a meal. You're a... You're a... You're a... Is five, sixteen, two, eight, six. He fired up when I hear someone say that. Hey everybody, I'm brown and brown. But countable board everybody, brown and brown. As a human being, I'm a pick this up on it. But I got around those and I know where I'm on it. That was no wrong to get them saved. They don't know, remember, look in, and anyway. I did everything. I possibly can. The show might have pulled. Hold the two bucks flat. Hold what a job I had. And the vector of me, but when I'm in for chores. And the Jesus teamer and the clue is some of a thing. There's the kids' kids, the ground rules and the green. The kids' kids, the ground rules and the green. New wall needs as wide doubt as you go. But double use that I did one of the heck of a job. And the trophies are to be a brownie and another white-based, the Christian folly, the national guard is down and down. With all of us, because they're getting a press out of town. Everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is pity, pain, all the hurricane gave us. That they've easy for the yoke on social and to be in reply to giant republicans, queen cheese, fruit, Jesus for tower lord and king. Breathe Jesus for tower lord and king. Battle boating, compassion, what we in that, it serves the right. To have less blacks and you descend to suit say, it's a national disgrace that you have never died in the first place. This is no time to play the blame game, since we know that for routines are called by games who are not the right guy to all-mown. Like sky, we're clearly in parallel, wrong, all-where-reach evening may America's right-wing dream. To make everybody white-faced, we. And there's a moment of a fear. That's a new little kid's job from Wilson, New Ridge. Poor how I'm standing by, and you'll be in horses. I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on the negligent murderer now. And I'll keep going down and keep my nose brown. I'll always take the ginger down. But I'll keep going down and keep my nose brown. Oh, they've ever joked. It's got 13 votes on a pole. That's an unlucky number, by the way. I'm thinking that in passing. It was lucky for Matt Sandean and I'm not so lucky in that first game, I guess. And Danny Greener for a long time. But not lucky to have be on our pole with 13 votes. You know what I'm saying? Here's a fast. This is please add the next president to your pole, Al Gore. Okay? No problem. But that he's bootstuff a lot. Get the MVP a lot too. Get it. Just how about putting Al Gore, O8.com as a link on your website. I mean, that would be fine with me if he was a candidate. I think he kicked some serious ass. He kicked John McCain's ass sideways to from here to where the moon. Post John McCain's got that. You know those cheeks? Yeah. You got cheeks like that, man. And I got a story here. I'm going to read it down here if it takes to midnight. Good. Just came in from the comingdreamy.org. Jim Lowe from the Interpreter of his rights. Powell, A. Blast, Rice, Cheney, Rumsville, Kabal. Never Miss Kabal? Oh, that's right. As top officials in the White House and vice president Dick Tainee's office, a way possible criminal diamonds for the reference to the spread of the whistleblower, a top-aid de-forma secretary C. Cole and Powell yesterday accused a Kabal led by Tainee in the Don Rumsville, the high-jackee US foreign policy by circumventing a rigour ignoring formal decision-making channels, like Channel 46710. Lawrence Wilkerson has served as Powell's chief of staff from 2005, and when Powell was chairman of the joint chiefs of staff at the US Armed Forces during the administration of George Walker Bush, that's Bush 41. Also charged at his national security adviser, Condoleezza was part of the problem by not ensuring that the policy-making process was open to all relevant participants. In some cases there was real dysfunctional, he said Wilkerson, who spoke at the New Berk ifoundation and prominent Washington think tank, but in most cases she, Rice, met a decision that she would side with the president to build her intimacy with the president. The case that I saw for four years plus he said was the case that I have never seen in my studies of aberrations, bastardizations, and perturbations in the national security policy-making processes. I'm actually even saying some of those words. What I saw was a kebab between the vice president of the US Dick Cheney and the secretary defense model of Rumsco-Lung critical issues that made decisions that the bureaucracy didn't even know as being made. Wilkerson also stressed that he extremely powerful influence of what he called the Oval Office kebab of Cheney and Rumsco-Lung. Both former secretary of defense for longstanding personal and professional relationships have adding that both remember the military and industrial complex that former president plays in our war that nation against in the 61-per-world address. Don't you think that they aren't among us today in a concentration of power that's just unparalleled he asked? That's what I was saying. And he was right. One of the few things he said that made sense. He had a lot of interest. Wilkerson's remarks, Kim is given the administration's V.C. by a record-load of approval ratings and anticipation that a special prosecutor will hand down indictments to top aids of both Bush and Trinney, including Bush's political advisor Carl Roe, a Chinese chief of staff, Iowa, and school to a Libby. The connection with efforts to the spread of Lieutenant Bastard Joseph Wilson. This is very long. In July 2003, Wilson publicly challenged him in the United States in the P.W. D.P.P. He knew he had a weapons program, and especially it's a search that bagged that it's sucked by a rating the LLK from New Year, and a search that Wilson himself investigated and rejected in early 2002 after traveling to New Year as part of a CIA mission. White House officials including Robin Llebito reported that Wilson's wife worked for the CIA and played a role in selecting him for the mission. On Wednesday, Capitol Hill was rifleed rumors that Cheney himself may also be indebted or resound over the scandal that were given more credence by an anecdote recounted that Powell had told a prominent Republican senator that Cheney had become fixated on a relationship between Wilson and his wife, Valerie, and Plame after he and Bush learned about it directly from Powell. Since his departure from the administration, Powell has declined to publicly criticize U.S. policy or his former cabinet colleagues until now Wilkerson has also kept his counsel, although he publicly opposed John Bolton's confirmation as you have answered it. At that time, most analysts believe that Wilkerson reflected Powell's private views on Bolton. That would not be surprising as Wilkerson worked directly with or for Powell for some 16 years out of their 30 years. Not turned man. As your military and government careers. At the same time, Wilkerson said he had paid a high cost in his personal relationship with Powell for publicly speaking up. Wilkerson embodies Powell and Powell's deputy director of the Secretary of State Richard Armadage, who is also retired military officer Steve Clemens, who is organized Wilkerson's any of a principal life, he has that's how his remarks should be seen. If so, it appears that Powell and Armadage have little but sustained for ISIS performance as national security adviser, although Wilkerson was more complimentary about a work of the State Department and amount of success he's enjoyed in the steering U.S. policy and a less confrontational direction to be in the frustrations that Dawd Powell. The admitted or a success to several factors include your intimacy with a president, the fact that the administration finds itself in some fairly desperate straits politically and otherwise. Most of his remarks, however, high ever, had recently described as national security policy making apparatus that was made dysfunctional by secrecy, compartmentalization and distrust as well as the machinations of the Cheney Remesfeld Cabal. Oh, I'm going to interrupt right there and put a thing and asked to risk a bookmark or thumbtack, a thing. Where does the thing in it? Because I've got to do the break. And I'm not going to go rushing to Russia. You know what I'm saying? What the, the Russian is in Tommy Pinko. And when he's stuck, I'm going to be staff. That's really great. He works. Hey, grow off some of you people. Wait a minute, please. Are they going to grow up now? At least brush your teeth. Seven, ninety, six. You know something I hate to say this, but I think they're playing with us again today. I think we are, we're going to be close to a thousand. We even want to. Please don't get us a thousand votes because that will come back again tomorrow. We'll give the powers to be a chance to screw with our internet streaming again tomorrow. I think if I look to be a hundred, I'll never get over that. How poorly and in that way that was done. That could have been a piece of cake, you know. You act like a munch. Act like a munch. Come in. Give us this straight load on it. Let us give us the info to heads up so we can pass it on to the audience. Those people are just desperately trying to hear this show all over the freaking world. People in Saudi Arabia, people over there are so samos listening and Afghanistan. It's right on the packy border there. It's cave. Some of them foreshelpers from the earthquake of it are trying to hear it on the internet. Jesus, God and Joseph, man, the lack of them. You want to know why they don't understand anything about the show. They haven't got a clue. They wouldn't know they show if you're stuffed the whole four hours in their, or they call the station tube. You know what I'm saying? You. Yeah, that works. Or maybe some other. You. Or this station tube. Is that what they call? We're asking that. We're asking that. We're asking that. You. Sports. The animal coast is Florida's number one Asian war, maybe a fade. That's not just needles of pinnits as rated by the Gant rest of our view and they really know their stuff. Now every Friday through Sunday night you can still enjoy lobster fest. Every tree may lobster served thermodore style and every single night is prep fest night at the Emotos with the last skin snow crab legs. Dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs. You know what they don't have on the spot anymore, Ajaj, but you ought to just mention it once. Some of that delicious seal. Yeah, of all kinds, which you'll find there. The menu still in my field, it'll like you're being left out. The menu still includes fresh oysters on the half-cell on a sushi bar with over 30. Not good man. Different items. Looking back at you. The Emotos also served New York Stakes delicious juicy steaks cooked to order just the way love him and even handcuff our primary. And all kinds of a fantastic Oriental and other delights and for dessert, leave room for Emotos famous 40-inch chocolate fountain that will leave you spellbound. You can hand if your own strawberries, marshmallows, dip all kinds of decadent treats in there and just go nuts. Don't forget the Emotos Pro was healthy living, cooking all their fine cuisine only. With cholesterol, freaking oil, oil, oil, oil, no MSD, no cornstarch, no headaches, no crap. Just a big, fat, full stomach when you walk out of there after a tremendous feast. So both your reservations this weekend at one of Emotos Coast relocations, your finalmen sunrise, sunny hours, beach and pepper pies. So the Emotos 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Before we love those everybody away, have a fantastic final feast at the Emotos Chinese buffet. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16. What comes from trial protects us clear we could start on 9-8, while they died in the Louisiana Pyre's Pass with its E-O-P. Old cousin, peanut, don't put dog name on me. Has a come from live occasion for our photo opportunity. Swing your partner round and round. Now build a swine through an aura, let's down. Swim to the left to the right, here we go. Swim a little mud out there where she go. Old cousin, peanut, don't put dog name on me. Has a personal weekend at the beginning of the weekend at the end of this corner of Emotos. Ow! I'm tired of it. But she's known as the city of New Orleans. A gibbou de? Yes, some of those people down there saying he failed. Stops the deep on me as to don't like cattle. I'll have the national guard button, I'll ride. He's a funding for their levies. Looters called in and are due. In a room, but we made a bigger deal. In search for Natalie Holloway, one white girl we trained a lay. And even as for help from the Navy's use. George Bush, what's the occasion, name in Crawford? You're fairer. I guess, actually, are they'll be no mighty grump. Girls on wild needs, the city of New Orleans. Or they'll have children, they'll be on to the far end of the world. Okay, 12.40. Let's get back to this very important, which I'm sure it's putting people into a comic too bad. It's an heavy-duty stuff, man. I'm pretty good at it. Anyway, Wilkinson, what was his name? Wilkinson says, you've got this collegiality there between the secretive defense and the vice president. And then you've got a president who's not versed in international relations and not too much interested in them either. And so, if not too difficult to make decisions in this, what I call the awful office cabal, and the citizens often that are the opposite of what you thought were made in the formalist's making process. Why did we wait three years to talk to North Koreans? Why did we wait four years plus to at least back the EU three approach to Iran he asked? The formal process camouflaged the efficiency of the secret decision making process, so we got into Iraq. And then when the bureaucracy was presented with those decisions in curried them out, it was printed as evidence such a disjointed and credible way, incredible. That the bureaucracy often didn't know what it was doing as a movie curator of the Mali said. If you're not prepared to stop the fueling elements in the bureaucracy as they carry out your decisions, you're according to Zastry said. And I would say that we recorded a Zastry in Iraq in North Korea and in Iran. Wilkinson was especially skating about the formalist secretariat defense for policy, Douglas Fights, signing time in general Tommy Franks, famous description of the neo-conservative ideologue as the effing stupidest guy on the planet. Let me testify that he said he was, seldom in my life if I made a dumber man. And then after the Pentagon is given control recently, media postwar purin Iraq, that this man is putting charge. Not only is he putting charge, he's giving cart flanks to tell the state Department to go screw themselves in a closet somewhere. That's telling you how to sit and or may they and how things got accomplished. He also this is great. He also denounced the abuse of the Tainees and since Powell is especially upset by it. Ten years from now when we have the whole story we're going to be ashamed he said, this is not us. This is not the way we do business. I don't think in our history we've ever had a presidential involvement, a secretary involvement, a vice presidential involvement, an attorney general's involvement, and telling our troops essentially carplances of what you should feel. You shouldn't have any crimes because this is a different kind of conflict. You don't have this kind of Ferrisative attitude out there unless you've condoned it he added, and then that will take years to reverse the situation within the military. He said it was a concrete example to resolve the way the cabal worked. Wolkers and also contrasted Bush's diplomacy very unfavorably with his fathers. Referring to Bush's first meeting with South Korean President Kim Dijung, Wolkers in noted, when you put up your feet on a hasic and look at the man who's running over a prize who is currently president of South Korea and telling him to very insulting way that you don't agree with his assessment about necessary to be reconciled with the North. That's not the diplomacy that's cowboyism. It's very different when you walk in and find something you can be magnanimous about. They can give him. They can say he or she gets credit. That's diplomacy. You don't say on the big mother on a block and everybody who's not with me is against me. That's the big difference between father and son. At the same time Bush had been wonderful in putting his foot down against the Margarce of Policy on North Korea, and one point saying, Kornil Wilkers and I don't want to warn the Korean Peninsula. That was very helpful, Wolkers, and said it helped us fight off some list desirable results. Chaining he said was a good executive as defense secretary under George Herbert Walker 41 Bush, but if he had to change his resolve in 9.11 attacks, I think he saw 9.11 in the potential for another 9.11 would do clear weapons and seven became so fixated on that problem that it skewed as approach Wilkers and said, adding that neither he nor rummelt can be considered neoconservatives. On Iraq he said he was guardedly optimistic because we may have reached the poor were actually listening to Iraqis. U.S. troops will likely have to remain there for five to eight years, he said, however, because it's a strategic thing in the sense that Vietnam was not. He predicted that a precipitous would draw without leaving something behind. We can trust we will mobilize this nation with five minutes and then when under arms to go back and take the Middle East with an a decade, who the U.S. is dependent on the region's energy sources. He disclosed that the Department's Policy of Pentegrine had a discussion about actually mounting an operation to take the oil fields in the Middle East, and then he said, he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, he's a leader in the United States, and he said, yeah, well, you, you wrote, and I watched him internationally, put these silly people on, or talk about anything that has to do with North American weather. They didn't even over to find these places on a map, putting, like, a Guatemalan saying, well, and Canada today, it's, you know, it's a clue. So I'm sorry. Oh, and speaking of a key lot of stories about that. Guantanamo, hungerswriters say feeding tubes and flood is torture. We've got some heavy, heavy duty stuff here today, and we wasted a whole hour because our program director head up the Margarna organization's ass okay without even asynos and then they have me promote I still can't get over that that's the ultimate type of place you know yeah have me promote our own uh counter uh whatever that was that was really something nice job they're definitely one over my eyes any years that's like making people bigger on grave before you yeah that's exactly right dig your own freaking grave yes prisoners on hunger strike at the US prison camp at the gate mull reported troops forced fed them with dirty feeding queues that have been thought that had been violently inserted in and withdrawn as punishment said declassified notes released yesterday by defense lawyers the repeated removal and insertion of the cube has cost tracking prisoners to vomit blood and experience intense pain they've equated with torture the lawyers reported to us a US federal judge and for visiting their clients at the base of the eastern Cuba prisoner said they were taunted by troops who said the people was intended to persuade them to end the hunger strike that began August 9 the lawyers wrote an affidavits file this part of a lawsuit filed in federal court martin seeking greater access to prisoners at the high security jail for terror suspects lieutenant curled Jeremy Martin a real shield and military spokesperson for the get-mode attention senator said all the tannies and angriest record closed them monitored by medical personnel and mistreatment is not tolerated though we did not know this visit procedures randomly be feeding cheews give officers have said this way the hunger strike began with seventy sixty tannies protesting against their confinement defense lawyers have said that other reasons rather including complaints about food and water alleged to be spotted guards and interrogators and the desire to face trial be released or released or hold your breath how's was a pdf deal my way stolen or not to case use if i'll say we twenty one of Saudi Arabia told his lawyers guards removed a nasal feeding cue from one person and re-insured it into another without cleaning it first oh god only knows where the stick in those here in black them uh these large cue were uh viewed by the tannies is obviously torture lawyer who a who a Julia julya julya tarver the firmer president's ten set mom and he sees up a we had to write the represents ten set in tannies and an affidaving they were forcefully shoved up the tannies knows is none of their stomach let's get hold her by what's your name the governor said i discovered his daughter oh that you met Terry shagga no not too late for her but what about uh i was supposed to have a true she still got that two blade around yeah she's got something up her nose i guarantee that what uh what an outstanding classy family man so first family of florida we're gonna make a thousand votes of him pretty appealed about it nice going folks you're doing it i wasn't saying that they'll stop voting they have a lot more names on here but i i just you know i just i got a lot of stuff here you know i just not as important as well we're all our rubber drones are fifteen oh yeah i'm not important is that it's right in there eight hundred and thirty three votes and we're just right about where we were yesterday when we are a clip set thousand mark on we Josh yeah yeah right about almost uh the same and that's inspired the fact that we got screwed over bed we got man with handled and of youth talk about torture our program director operations manager for about a half out was about thirty five minutes right thirty minutes right for our release death i would have not thirty minutes yank you are here this is new Rogers this is five sixty two eight the pound this is rosio dinele and the clock on my stomach says it's the new Rogers wanted to and the way we do oh But you have found in scared effects you lose all my time and lies beIn that very state we would listen to all the infusers behind me We are a nation of global cities And by a simple country It's already free The passing count of tatters There's a fair order too The total total We both are pious It's not that they are a good one One could be run like crazy honey It's the 101 Wouldn't you also in Marnie There was another Alfred here just got movie Marnie, you ever saw Marnie? I don't think so Well there's one for me to go out and buy for her Because I can't find North by Northwest Marnie There's one for me Well there you go Tippie, have you ever looked at a Google it M-A-I-I Tippie, over Google it Do it 847 votes in a pool I don't know what happened here all of a sudden Man there's like a big spur from this audience I think that they oh there's your fan ask governor They're devastating Yeah you're devastating alright You liar you phony you quiz line You fair you lunatic With your dysfunctional family of phony Ballony hypocrites man Finger pointing hypocrites Where the hell is stop machines you jackass? Florida Peninsula Yeah that's where they are in the Florida Peninsula But they're just sitting around somewhere in a warehouse Where house? It's too early to specify how strong will- Yeah, we know how strong she is In fact, she's probably done everybody in town Off the VI4 corridor And in the case, you should prepare for the possibility You don't always want You have many more people talking about Can I do And too early But a group for us And The folks live Come on you can go Northwest Florida Many I'm sure will compare This storm to Hurricane Charlie and think Well perhaps it's a very strong storm as for a cane Charlie So therefore we don't have to worry about it as much you do Of the storm every story about an old baby A brave about it but the A positive A storm which did not Very Oh my god Oh, he is a very real threat And People need to do what they have been doing in our state. Okay enough for nothing him for he I just see him in my blood boils I'd rather have wild hysterical sweaty sex with many buildings to your fat ass coming How do you like that? I like it this book I'd rather be dead as a dornial before I would even look at Maddie Bell naked what a thought that is God, I rather step on him first A 47 you look up morning. Yeah, it looks very interesting morning It is ice cold habitual thief uses her looks to gain the confidence of employers I was like a typical woman to me Plies for job Mary's a sky tries to help her can't wait to see how it turns out I'll get it for you. All right I want to say one thing if I would not already been alone in the 649 lot of 39 Remember the beetle song you won't see me. We don't see me anyway, but especially What would you expect something we got your picture lower? I said a little something something all right Who is your all-time favorite American is our full question? Let's put Johnny Carson on there. Okay? I'm thinking like icons you know TV icons. Hello. I've got to not do that icon think because I think you're an icon thing for the moral Is that gonna be too close to this? That's what you told me What there is too close no, no that you had the Nikon thing for more well It's variety did a pool on the top hundred icons of all time of the last century I don't know. It's not well. We'll give it a shot I don't know what they'll like here whether it's too much it. Yeah, don't get don't get picking out with this pool stuff Okay take whatever we give you the prices right have fun with it and joy it is square at it 850 we got our real serious shot at a thousand by a two o'clock and if we do get to a thousand And we all get to take the night next two months off Yeah, I like Greg come on a show just like Stu Gosses on it with Dan LaBancet I still can't get over that he's general manager. He's other stupid ass radio show. I think he's the program director No, he is not the program director was that the Jeff Sorenson what was the name? Huh, I don't know Josh knows Jason Salodkin or something like no, that's not it. What is it? I don't know You know what I'm talking about now? He was he's the general manager man because his daddy's got a lot of money He's a sports expert. He's a maven of a Joel is the general manager No Joel is the owner. He's the principal. He's the all-mild daddy is the owner. He's the the face man He's gonna have a long face right. It'll be like a horse to devar you know why to long face that's what he's gonna have Gonna have a head that's a six feet huh guess who's playing the husband in Marty Jimmy Stewart no You may include all right, really who don't go in John Cadi was in there. Yeah, he's the husband that tried to just remember how to find Washington And then I said yeah, I haven't seen it so long and I also haven't seen I don't think I actually did see the one it was on before we were talking about before to show that I find one of my 7 million channels North by Northwest no no, oh, vertigo you said vertigo. Yeah vertigo is vertigo. That's also Jimmy Stewart and Yeah, you know that yes, didn't see it watch most long while the zoo said my movie by now that I made the few bucks last night 154 votes on your bill Clinton's got 166 Ben frankly five. I mean nobody can touch bubble submonica So what was I say before about our first bull like a president Clinton Hillary or a condolisa either or the thought of condolisa as president I mean everybody this thing that article I just read you that should be in blazing in your brain Yeah, she's on knit with a new compoop. Oh, but doctor rise new. I do can't take air ride a simple Secretary of State my ass He makes your Fed ass governor look like Albert Einstein Digital for fairness. I have the chance to talk to you. Yeah, good. Hope you had a good chat and by the way Noel would like some or did blow Bill Clinton once 60 six Ben Franklin 85 JFK 75 who happened to 66 Thomas Jefferson 59 Our third president who used to do the slave women the sludarks slave ladies and enjoyed it loved it See what think about him you couldn't say he was a racist. That's right after your 51 who was a Blinken 50 Ronnie Reagan 38 Albert Einstein 28 time Edison 20 I still like the way that those two are tied all they should be obviously much I mean the idea that they're behind Reagan Where then Einstein Edison every time Ronnie Reagan come on you people. What are you thinking about God Mark 2026 George Washington 22 Algo seen 20 Elvis 20 same person only the hair has been changed my Hammond Ali 17 Thomas pain 60 In fact when Elvis was broken up there and it was a tight Vegas outfits that were about to burst open remember that He was a real cook up a little bit like Alts sweaty and greasy Oh boy, we're having at all these 17 Thomas pain 16 George W. Bush 15 Reverend Jones 14 well, me. Oh, I'm very pleased to see that Twenty-one's world 14 while Disney eight and eight and eight. Maryland, number seven Oh, not wait a minute the name of the mouse was Morgan or mouse Okay, you know that which mouse Mickey that was his name when he he first drew it and his wife told I now that didn't sound a good Mickey mouse She's a one that came up with Mickey mouse. Oh, how do you like that? She must have known the sales department of Q.A.M And oh and that totally had the other day remember that one about the what what best you put in my is America celebration Mediocritic and I'm thinking we left off the most obvious one as Q.A. management because we don't want to strive for excellence We don't want to do things well. We just want to slack our way through life, you know, just slack our way through and The grab whatever tradeouts we can and the you know grab all the glory and the eagle also the crap There are people who strive for excellence and really try to do good job And there are deserts people who show up and go through the motions They put the motion in your cans kit and they do they kill you Teddy Roosevelt Reverend Jones are tied 14 and PCI state tremendous similarity to both killers Walt Disney eight, Maryland, Monroe seven's speaking to killed obhope six Sacchujueia has got five I have I still She was an engine broad. She was the Indian scout that helped lose in Clark along their expedition They would have failed and starved and then killed without her. Now was that Louis scooter Libby and Dick Clark the same Dr. Ruth five Steve Perry four Alfred Kinsey four Marshall and ball four Frank Zapp has got a pair of Johnny Carson one Algor and Marlon Brando out of 862.00 so far not doing well This one I recently but they got the big oh Doing good okay moving along is it okay if I get all these in here by two o'clock okay? I know I just I'm sorry. I could take some more these great calls. WQ a M hello Yes, sir I'm gonna be So I mean WQ a M hello Thomas Edison was just a big jerk in a phony. I don't even a wise rep on that list. What does that mean? He stole most of his ideas from Nicola Tesla and Marcony Stirl his ideas from rusty class law no Nicola Rusty class law man, oh man, I like to steal something from him place for the Columbus to straight jacket Get out of here stores ideas next you're gonna be telling me that the what's his name George Eastman stole patents to What you did He's in the house and watch us there's other someday when you really bored when you run your last legs Sorry, I'm gonna be out here on those out second Shani a cooperating and leak probe those close to KSA a second A device president Dick Cheneys cooperating with the special prosecutors probably outing of Valerie Plain those posted the investigation and say this is from the raw story dot com and they don't come any roar of in this Late Monday several sources for many was special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald probes said John Hannah a key aid the big Cheney and one of the architects of the rack war Was cooperating with the you know that wig thing that White House Iraq group That's gonna be just like creep the community would be like the president They're gonna hang that around their Nick like an albatross Give him by Stanley the answer by the way and hurry Harvey John Hannah was cooperating with Fitzgerald after being told he was identified by witnesses as a co-conspirator and the lead All right sources say Hannah was not given me anything but was likely offered a deal There's changed for information that could result in indictments of key White House officials now Those posted investigations say a second Cheney a David wormsur as the worm is turning man wormsur as kind of sounds like Mumser they must be talking about Cheney when they're saying Lumser David wormsers agreed to provide the prosecution with evidence that the leak was a Coordinate in an according to the FBI Cheneys office to discredit the agent's husband as if there's any doubt right Has been former ambassador Joe Wilson. We know one the most vote for critics to the war and Iraq and all the lies and the yellow cake Array to all that stuff all the maybe likes him and that That tomato soup cake that grace used to make on passions wormsur Cheneys Middle East Advisor and assistant to then under Secretary of State for arms control and international security affairs John Bolton likely cooperated because he faced criminal charges for his role in leaking Wilson's name on the orders of high-rubs The sources said you put him these dots together. I am looks at that According to those from many of the case worms was in attendance at several meetings of the White House Iraq group wig There it is again see a little known cabal of administration hocks that formed an August 2002 to publicize the threat posed by Saddam Hussein that they were creating fabricating making up and Belishing and said were those who say they reviewed documents and painted an improviser that the vice president was also Present at some of the group's meetings wormsur of course in return of Carl Sagan comment the sources say that Hannah and worms are Giving orders by senior officials in Cheneys office in junta 2003 to leak claims covert status and identity in an attempt to mussel Joe Wilson Is there any questions doesn't take a rocket side? It's to put these pieces together, okay? There's a girlfriend on CNN Cara all right Bonnie will continue to check in thanks so much Okay, we're called it What the wrong thing the key? That's a different one. She's got all she she's got more tracks on here than what's his name? I had an as a arm in the movie that you guys saw again Jared Let go oh that's right here and had the purple he had the purple haze and the purple blotch Don't shoot in that game. Oh Jim Distressed to say Hannah and worms were given orders to leak the name the former ambassador had been a thorn in the administration Sites in May 2003 when he began publicly questioning claims that a wreck was an imminent threat to the US and its neighbors in the Middle East He was another one of those whistleblowers and told the public there for a lie the public don't want to listen to Joseph Wilson or Richard Clark Or Paul O'Neill or Scott winner or hands blicks anybody also tells the truth No, they want to listen to a bunch of neocon lunatics a bunch of crazy people the peanut crowd including your fast governor by the way 874 what do you say confident tire low? I think we're gonna do it easy Okay, you Oh, and tell you what thing we're not playing that David Samson drop in today because those Marlin people really frost my ass You see they had a pacify them because while we're in a Marlin station So what's the big deal about it? Okay, we have the story on our yesterday the Humper broke to story yesterday and also I broke the news today about the dolphin game being put on tomorrow 7 o'clock instead of Sunday at one So what we need to put some silly ass pressure go down watch your Joe Girard. You know he's kind of a boring guy. He's okay You never stole a freight train Joe. We wish you all the best, but go away go in till us screen training 881. Oh, it's gonna be a lot of fun We're gonna hit a thousand the numbers are gonna come out tomorrow morning 11. They're doing a kick some serious ass Joe was gonna be throwing every piece of furniture against the wall That's okay, Joe does he but just even baby That he can afford to buy new Finally pop little boy Jackson Teresa And if you like now That's the tax kit He was gonna cut a party prepared for something you play you know again for crawk Edinburgh From crack hole where we saved if you're by this do by anything I got one for the full, any Bruce. Okay? How about Gary Bruce? Okay? No. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do different pull for tomorrow because it's too similar and I'm going to, you know. Oh, Jamie, we're just in that yesterday. Can we have a new play at toy today? Come on. Okay. We'll see if that for next week one day that's thing about icons. How about Carl Icon? Who? I know you don't do sports on these shows as a fact here. That is absolutely in by the way. Are we ever pleased about that or what? Thank God. Money hours of sports crap is enough every day, man. It's about 18 hours too much or as little as possible. You are absolutely correct about that. Absolutely correct. You know, Anthony, I'm your list. I was all the very good choice, but there are a few others to and are you right? They're Bruce ought to be on there. No? Sure. What? Throw the magic. You say so? Mickey, man. Okay. Am I going too fast, Josh? No. He says. Will he maze? What? How about Billy maze? Does those awful obnoxious commercials on TV? Hi. I'm going to be maze for Oxy. What about it? No. I will be maze. Michael Jordan. Michael Michael motorcycle. Frank Mahabalach. I'd have to recognize you. I can't even say. Will Chamberlain? Are you getting all these or? And then he's got some golf people. We're not a golf or OJ or just not going on. If OJ is your favorite, by the way, is that after October 1, I need to a little personally come to your house and make sure we don't have to put up with your crap anymore. Do you want to vote for OJ? In fact, if you want to vote for OJ, you're hired to QAM. Joe says, I think the alarm should be on there and why not? In place of our family, they have to be in place of anybody. He can be on their edition to Joe just relax. You got any of your Armstrong? Who did that? And while we're at it, how about Lantern Armstrong, Joe says? Not only for his accomplishments, but for being an atheist. Well, he's, I've always talked about Lantern Armstrong these days. That's quite a nausea, it's a matter of fact. Sure. So, and this obviously Joe's obsessed with people named Armstrong. What about George Armstrong with teeth? Oh, that's right. He's Canadian. What about our fellow? You know, I'm a few and I was going to do it on Armstrong from George Rodriguez. I'll turn that right now. You're looking at my area with no George Armstrong. It's a thief. Number 10. George Armstrong's so accustomed for Stanley Cubs, baby. Used to think was a function of bad luck. See, there you go. There's the water's on there. Hey, there was some weight bill. You and Joe Bowen, man. Your legends, your giants in the industry. Joe is great. Go, uh, he's okay. Who's this? Doctors. And I specifically asked them. Can you send a helicopter out of a location where I have been told? Oh, it's already five. I'm probably done with great water. But I had no idea if they were actually there. There was just a report that they were. You're going, Marty. And I wanted the kids that they're flying out there to actually see and let me know that that's where some food was. Because our dick fly out there, confirmed it. Randed cut open the trucks because there were no drivers left with those trucks. They were just dropped at a local house. They opened the drivers and started to put food and water into their helicopter and delivered to the super dome. If that didn't happen, there wasn't going to be any food there Tuesday night. The home on this sentence email to the Secretary Michael Brown once day morning that we had saying, quote, sir, I know that you know the situation is past critical. Here are some things you might not know. Hotels are kicking people out. Thousands gathering in the streets with no food or water. Hundreds still being rescued from homes. The dog patients at the DMAT tent being met of that estimates are many will die within hours. His response hours later he was forwarded this email from Brown's press secretary. On that in Rouge, quote, it's important that time is allowed from Mr. Brown to eat dinner. Even the bat in Rouge is getting back to normal restaurants and getting busy. He needs much more than 20 or 30 minutes. You don't see that on the street. That's tell her that I just ate an MRE in one to the bathroom in the hallway of the super dome along with 30,000 other close friends. So I can understand her concern about busy restaurant. So what's the bathroom with this right? So here are senators are trying to find out this morning why there was this massive disconnect connecting by apparently no one was willing or able to listen to the one man they put on the ground. How do you like that? I'm sure an arrogant jackass who was more important. At least people were like on a virgin dead people and nursing homes were like seconds from dying. And we had a wait for Browny to have his dinner because there were backups in the restaurant. He was like, oh my goodness. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. He's like a good boy. And I know too we need 98 votes in 35 minutes. It's about three. Just like yesterday. It's the same story again. They're going to drag us through this every day. They're playing with our emotions just like your program directly in your operations. Band you did earlier in the show. If you missed that boy you're lucky. You got enough to worry about with Wilma and with the bird flu and all these other damn things to worry about. So just don't worry about them. We'll take care of them. Like I said, pop tight gentle. Look what we got. Oh brother. The brain trust. The brain drain. Firm roles as a film roles as troops burned dead. Oh no. This is in the Sydney morning here. I remember I love Sydney. Yes. He died in the Tony Randall. I think it did. Well, I suppose he had too many babies when he was 90 years old. Not good waste life energy they're Tony. You. You asked soldiers but the Jack Oya club when he still alive, don't he? I think so. You asked soldiers in Afghanistan. Pertibodies of dead Taliban and taught to their opponents about the corpses. And in fact, it deeply offensive the Muslims and in breach of the Geneva Conventions. And investigations by SPS's Dateline program to be aired last night, film the aburting of the bodies. Well, this is not straight anyway. When the sooner. What's SPS? That's one of their networks, I guess. It is also a film the US Army psychological operations unit broadcasting a message. A boasting of the birth corpses into a village believed to be a harboring Taliban. According to an SPS translation of the message, delivered in the local language the soldiers accused Taliban fighters near Kandahar being cowardly dogs. You allowed your fighters to be laid down facing west and burnt. You are too scared to retrieve their bodies. This just proves you are the lady boys we always believed you to be. The message reportedly said, you attack and run away like women. You call yourself Taliban but you're disgraced with a Muslim religion and you bring shame upon your family. Come and fight like men instead of the cowardly dogs you are. The burning of a body is a deep insult to Muslims. Islam requires burial within 24 hours. Under the Geneva Convention's the burial of Hordeid should be honorable and if possible, according to the rights of the religion which they deceased belonged. US soldiers said they burnt the bodies for hygiene reasons but two reporters Stephen DuPont, who are wondering if he's really the Donald DuPont and John Martinke's. Said the explanation was unbelievable. How do you like that? Unbelievable. Given they were in an isolated area. SPS had us right in first or fourths in Afghanistan. We're operating from the same bases US soldiers involved in the incident. Although no austrate in took part in the action. The incident is reminiscent of the psychological techniques used in the rest. The incident was a very important incident. We're supposed to be worried about highmen. Rosenfall, whatever that guy's name is. What does his name again? The police. The guy whose wife got killed there. The one at the Rosenberg. The shorts. What is it? Whatever. The Ashah Highfits. 27 past one at five 60 WKOM. 22. There's two new DuPos. In that orange car. The new Ducca Hazard's name. I can tell you it's the worst we make of the fall. Daisy Ducca. She would be. Tell me how to just a girl since and get her own new BTOs. Will be today. They make my property fell. Ain't got to plot no more but they're really loud. I thought they all knew it was full. With that when I was a kid. All we would take my favorite shows in terms of men to play. Amen. 133 Solacee, Marny and was the other one. North by North West. Vertigo. Vertigo. 917 votes. We need 83 and 27 minutes. It's going to get a little just over three a minute. I don't know. Isn't it? You could do it. 83. 27 times. That's what 81. Yeah. He says. I'm really good with those numbers man. Really good. Anyway, let's get with it. We have numbers that ratings the summer rating becomes up to Marmorning at 1130. And I will guarantee you that there may be people just glued to their radio. Is there going to have their ear, lip page glued right to that radio? They're going to have that crazy glue right on it. Am I right? You know it. A lot of people, a lot of great trepidation before that book comes out. Me too. I said, it's like, you know, Georgia be able to say, hey, look, I did it again. And you know, and great. I'll say, I assure. 921 votes. Man, let's hop on. And I don't bring us right to the edges of success here. We reach out almost good. I think we're on a grad on the branch ring on a wonderful thing. And then they pull her right away. They ain't get away. And I'm just like that. Speaking of that, did I mention Susan Smith yesterday. They must have been my psychic abilities again kicking in. We're kicking it old school, baby. Ancient school on a show. Ancient on this station. We're old and we're happy about it. How do you like that, you all? We're all 100 years old old dudes, man. We're Harry. We're old. Harry. From the neck down. And two men. We're still going to kick your ass with a while. Well, they're hippo-wrenned, younger and cooler. We're going to let them. Remember that call? That's said of called water. The most of the incredible set up phony calls. Well, Daniel Bastard is younger. Yeah, right. Daniel Bastard couldn't lick gym managers, but, okay. He's on the same category with a mad dog. Would be like putting the high name manooosh in the same category with water, crunk height. And I don't even remember who the high name manooosh was. A woman who was swimming voices, tossed her three young children off of peer in the San Francisco Bay. She said, rescuers had found one body and the other two children were feared they'd. The mother, Lusha and Harris 22 of Oakland was booked on three council murder. These San Francisco Chronicle reports into the newspapers. Her children were identified as Trashon, Harris 6, for Van Thaigreally, 3, and Joshua Harris 1. How come for Van Thaigre's got a different lifestyle? Oh, don't answer that. A child's body was found about four hours after witness reported single woman dropped the children into the bay in your peer seven Wednesday. So Jonathan Gera of the US cook guy. What if he's kind of Randy Gera who used to play for his base for the hurricanes? Remember that? Nope. The San Francisco examiner reported today that the body of the three-year-old had been recovered. Well, the rescue research for the children empty strawler was visible on the peer. A small inflatable coast guard boat was hugging the water fighters' rescuers. You can't help fly slides to the search end of the peer. Larger coast guard in San Francisco police boats were searching the water with high powered flashlights. Mayor Gavin Newsom came to the scene to get beef by authorities that only covered for his. I'm sick of my stomach before leaving in two teams left. Well, Sean Harris told authorities that voices had told her to throw her children into the water. The chronicler reported him. It wasn't immediately known whether she had an attorney. She had been staying with her children that a salvation army shall have an open, Mary Ann Ramirez, the social services manager of the shelter told the chronicler. I just talked to her yesterday where Mary said, we had our usual how you do in house the kids. I never would have guessed in a million years that today she would do that. The incident happened in the Embarked Dera area where Strow's touristy historic ferry building. You're fairied with view of Colt tower in the landmark Trans America pyramid. The fishing peer offers use of San Francisco to get the evade bridge ships in the bay as well as tris. I like that. Voices told her to take those three kids and heave them in the water. Hey, if it's good enough for the authors of the Bible, there you go. The Lord told her to do it. Here in tea, very religious. In fact, who the hell was I seeing on the other old, the what's his name? The BLT, the BLT, the BLT, the BKK, the BKK cure that we knew nothing about. And they had to think about him on biography channel or on any one of those channels. I love those channels. I know you don't. I do love them. What do you talk about? I do. But anyway, I wonder what's this? A 16 year old boy arrested and had to face that herwood side. I'm gonna care. We don't care. And we don't want to say to her approach ever again. Am I said, I will blow the screen on and guess who's on the phone. A voice and a whisper. Who in whisper? Thank you, friend. You're good, close for Nancy Grace. You know what she's like cancer? She's everywhere. She's just like cancer. We need an instant, uh, free at about birth through. We need a worldwide project to eliminate Nancy Grace. But they're very high. She's a cancer out of human race. Anyway, what do we got? 9.36. I don't know. What are you refreshing it? Uh, yeah. Oh, but not the butte. Okay. What do you got? 9.38. 62 and 22 minutes. That's a little under three now. We're making little progress. These people are, they are really playing us like a fiddle, you know. A fiddle. I want to know if it's between a violin and a fiddle. I guess a fiddle is smaller, right? Yep. They're exactly the same. One is uh, for country. And the other one's uh, not. Ha ha ha ha. I see. It's a country folk. They play the fiddle. They like to fiddle around. That's what I heard. Especially a Nashville. You're just gonna love Nashville. All of the people in Nashville, like them New Yorkers and Jews, you know? 940. We need 60 votes and 20 minutes. You should be able to do that. Folks, hop on it. Both for somebody's people. I have no votes yet for crying out loud. I mean, you said a man, right? Right. Al Gore, Marlon, well we made some of them up. Uh, New York Armstrong, George Armstrong. Punch him like Bob Pulford. Let's go. Senators, we check Myers replies to questions. All that. Here we are. She's in deep, deep, dude who man. Go on. If we get dirt in this break, I got to check on her. See if the two o'clock advisory is under on Wilma. All right. Don't forget. And Fred. The Supreme Court now and Barney Rubble. These Supreme Court nominations of Harriet Myers already trouble by a lack of enthusiasm on capital Hillway and in a more rough ground yesterday when senators from both parties were ejected or responses to a questionnaire is in sufficient. How do you like that? Oh, cusset away man. Oh, sufficient. That was pretty good. Senators, you need to hear a committee chairman, Arlin's specter in the panel. Stop, Democrat, Patrick Lehi over month. Complained that a ranch is where it best. And complete that best. Lehi said some lawmakers considered them insulting and asked Maris to resubmit answers to some of the questions. Especially those of other work in the White House as counsel the president, Bush. Senator Lehi and I took a look at it agreed. It was insufficient and our sending back a detailed letter asking for application of many, many amplification. Many, many, many of the out of specter said a news conference. It was the latest problem for Myers for that. And the White House and nomination has attracted much criticism and mostly Luke Warm support. How's Luke doing, by the way? Even from the president's most ardent backers. Specter said it was too slow the same. Myers was in trouble, but he described the nomination process as chaotic and said it was being further confused by backdoor messages from the White House and tend to reassure conservative leaders, some of whom when public about those discussions about what you would be like as a judge. But I'm referring to are all of the forces which are at work out here, commanding media attention and commanding public attention, Specter said there's been more controversy before this nominee's uttered a formal word than I've ever heard. What a third. He and Lehi asked their colleagues with whole judgment until after Myers confirmation and he was scheduled to begin November 7th. Morning line odds on her being confirmed 99,000 to one again. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16, two, three, four. The White House and somebody to the studio. They said he'd get paid if he plus bushes plans on the radio. The AY OLEP OLA. They walked up to him offer 240 grand to spin a few lights in a number of those there was pay-o-la. The AY OLEP OLA. Are you a loser? The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLA. The AY OLA. The AY OLA. Okay, 145. I'm just looking under to see if the two o'clock advisory on Will Moserner. And the ASP is it? Is it over? No, yet. Any minute now though. Although we do have a little bit more about your dolphin game. Of course the dolphins are taking on a Kansas City cheese. That could be really, really ugly. If Kansas City shows up. But like all the other teams at league, sometimes they show up this year and sometimes they don't, you know, somebody who would suddenly don't and someone says as well. The dolphin game originally scheduled for Sunday against Kansas City has been moved to tomorrow night, Friday night at 7 o'clock at Dolphins Joe Robby, P.P Park Stadium, as South Florida gears up for Hurricane Will, M.A. Hurricane. And NFL spokesman confirmed the change in the schedule. TV broadcast information will be announced any minute now, and they, of course, the game will be on TV. The dolphins in CBS said this happened. The game was to be broadcast by CBS, and of course, as again sold out, I guess it doesn't make a difference, right? Right. It says it's unclear what fans will tickets but are unable to attend the game following the change, will be able to do relative to refunds or rain checks. See, that's the problem. As in the past, we recognized unusual circumstances, and will address them appropriately on a case by case faces. Dolphins that apprises C.E. Oh, Joe Bailey said in the statement released by the team. The game is moved ostensibly to allow emergency personnel to typically working on home game in South Florida to prepare for Wilma, which is expected to float a sometimes Sunday, maybe early Monday, ostensibly. And I wanted to say that that suggestion, Cole Wright, and Ed, and the hero. A Jason little sarcasm there, like you don't believe the word of your dolphin organization, shame on you. But strong with you. This move marks the third straight year, and fifth time in the past five scenes that often have changed a contest date time or venue. We know about the other things. Wildfires forced to move a Miami's game at San Diego to Arizona one day after the original kickoff date. The dolphins in games that have been moved are three and three. They only wish that they're going to be three and three this year. Trust me. Ain't going to happen. Moving the game may adversely affect the ability of two key mining players to recover from injuries. Line backwards, you and your sale and defensive in Jason Taylor were hoping for the maximum recovery time for the injury. How's that calendar coming Jason? I'll tell you one thing. You ain't no John Snyder. I still am still amazed it. It's good as he looks. I wouldn't want to show if he was a pay me by the second back then or now any time. That's what that says at all about how bad that show was. That would be like if I'm trying to take a somebody. Hallie Berry was on some TV show. I'll quickly show a stark naked every week in the show was so bad they even then you wouldn't watch it. You don't say? Yeah. Well, I mean that would take a lot. It would take a hell of a lot but that's how bad that show was. Do you say hazard bias? But they sure had some really believable character. That's weird. Like in the show. Oh, brother. Ain't it? I beg your pardon. Famous Anis was on that show. Sounds kind of heinous to me. Okay, let's take a look. We got nine seventy four. We need twenty six and twelve and it said it should be okay. We should be all right there. All right. You should drag in a strike to the ass and to make this sweat. Make this work. Why are you doing that on day when we hit all like we've. You know, I'm thinking of myself right now because I can tell my blood pressure is just soaring. Today since 11 o'clock. The only reason I'm still alive is because I'm not there at all in that studio in that building. Because stress kills. Especially when you got diabetes baby. Stress kills. And they are these stress inflictors. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Well, you know, I don't have to tell you. Wow, George, you said that. You have many bells pretty pressed on money. And then their fat boy tried to throw you into the bus. All that crap going on. Just avoid all that. Cockeride that goes on your man's boat. Let it just tragic. All these people try to throw their way to round one. Of course, when fat boy does it. They have to get a lot of problems. Speaking of six things. And don't eat your covered up bird flu outbreak experts say. Those people in Southeast Asia man are going to kill all the rest of us before they get through. Jakarta, Indonesia. Indonesia officials covered up and then neglected a spreading bird flu epidemic for two years. Until it began to sick in humans this summer. Posing a grave threat to people well beyond the country's borders. According to Indonesia and international health experts. Just like with SARS, baby, SARS. Unlike Southeast Asian countries that began to see human cases almost as soon as every young influenza was identified in their poultry. In Indonesia, it had a generous head start to run outbreak among people. Since July, it's registered more human cases than any other country, including three deaths confirmed by international testing. Influenza specialist agreed that the actual number of human cases is higher and expected to rise with the approach of the rainy season. I'm going to tell you one thing. A lot of you will just not stop there. Don't be nailing no chickens of door for a while. That's my best suggestion. Don't be handed in your poultry too tight. Help experts say the Indonesian epidemic started in commercial poultry farms. But among the tens of millions of free-wrains, chickens raised in backyards across the country. And then finally infected people. At each step, the Indonesian government failed to take measures to could have broken the chain while the scorching research in the outbreak. As a result, specialists are concerned that the cases in Indonesia pose a worldwide threat. If the birth flu virus changes and become contagious among humans. If the government and I could soon understand that out there would be no outbreak. They've wasted so much time, said several A and Nidam, the Indonesian microbiologist, to first identify the virus in the country's birds. What terrifies me is that it just won't affect Indonesia. I say let's nuke him. When do you say it? Call up for me in Cheney and let's nuke him right now before it's too late. Okay, I'm going to take the break now because hopefully we'll have this so we'll be able to see him. Okay. And then we'll be turning the alarm press. We need 16 votes in six minutes, man. If we don't get there, all hell is going to break loose. If you want to believe you, me. Don't get in! You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. You're fair. I've got all of them. Besides of the answers. When I get a stop-up note, I need to stay in a hole, but now I'm on the fence. My life is back in place And so I'm still again and sticking. My schnapps and your face, got to know she's. Pregnums. I can't burn man! I might too fenced both live in my family. Got to look at me. Dope! Got a nooshy like open mola Of my no peace think and have a昏achte of it, landslide Damn, I digi next to Owl We need probblous baby boy We'll have two different thousand corsor Two chia gases really pale fighting, Mark would bite this snow Kongala Like I said, there's really a place. 9.88. Well, you got it? No. Oh, well, I thought the reason you dropped it in there. Maybe you were ahead of me. I still got this. Oh, I got 9.98. Aha. It came in there in a clump. You see that? First, like, a big drag any bunch of grapes or roids. 9.98. I'm going to refresh it again. I'll guarantee we did not early in this show. As far as the weather comes as that cramped it went on in the lava in a clock, which we don't want to go into again, even though it was just a disgrace the way that that was handled. Totally, and nearly just totally would like consideration for us for our audience, for our fantastic Ziggins of people all tend to money in a pathetic way. Right? Yeah. So, they're really slow to stand. So, we never even dreamed that we're going to get anywhere in your 1000 votes on a very important full of 1000 and 2. I told you, what do you think? No, I know what. This crowd, they come through. Now, in the phone, this is certainly, that's a whole different crowd. That's your crowd. That's the people you've attracted to those fabulous appearances that you luckily stopped doing so much. Yeah, so much. And a very good choice. Oh, okay. We could have put a lot more names on here, and I should probably apologize, even though I won't, for like, taking up all the time, Randy. I enjoyed Randy and Raven because it allowed me to vent. And with all the anger and his story and angst, especially on the day before the book comes up. And they got to do something to piss us off. What is wrong with you, Doug? And Clarets, you quizlings, you idiots. You fairies. Who's your all-time favorite American we asked today? Bill Clinton, 1952. There is nobody close to Bubba. We want to back now. We want Bubba back. Absolutely. Ben, I'm thinking, Elgore and Howard Dean, how's that for a ticket? Oh, man. What a fantasy ticket. I'm just thinking. Ben, Frank of 99, JFK 77, who have their 72, Thomas Jefferson 65, who got more action than Hugh, FDR 58, Abe Lincoln 55, Roddy Reagan 44, how I'm using that is to me. Mark 231, Albert Einstein and Thomas, and each have 29, even though Tom stole all the patents. He was born in 1927, my amin' all-E. 24, Al Gholstein 24, he and my amin' all-E, man. Two great Jewish guys. Elvis 23, Thomas Payne and George W. Bush 18, a piece. Oh, yeah, well, I think that Thomas Payne, I always think of W. Right there with no two? I always put him in the same every time I think of a good old Thomas Payne because George W. There's no more of a bigger Payne than that. Tenty Roosevelt 15, Reverend Jones 14. Well, I knew I could. I say, Reverend Jones, for manager of the station. Walt Disney 11, Sacca, Jouilla 10, Merlin. Come on, Roy, Frank Zaffa 7, good choice. Bob Hoof 6, Dr. Ruth 5, D. Terry 4, Alfred Kinsey 4, Russell and Bob Ford, Johnny Carson 2, Michael Jordan 2, baby Ruth 1, Lance Armstrong 1, Mickey Mendel 1, Lady Bruce 1, and no vote yet, Solomon Payne Siddell. For New Armstrong, Bill Sable and Willie Mays, Billy Mays, D. Good evening, they're Joe DeMashew Elgore or the now deeply loved and deeply buried Marlin Brando. Bye, bye, bye.