Hello, I'm the General Manager of this radio station. And today is Russia, China, the Jewish New Year. In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths, we brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year. Happy New Year! Hey! Hey! It's you! Go home! Look it! Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride and Fox presents, when Jews attack. Sponsored by the Committee to a Leg George W. Bush and by KFC, where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white-need, right-winged and only 29.95. When Jews attack, right? Tonight on Fox. Hey! Get your Miller drum on board. On the sexy D-Var, looking for a band tour. On the steery early. Very women on a vacant half-band. I've been in bed for a secret in brains. At every dress in the front, in the hands, a sweet snowboard play. It's for you, not for your child. It's like a soap, only for a wild. Get a U-BODY down to watch it Sunday night. Just for a wild. Just for a wild. You're broke. Okay, it's 10.02 at 5.60 WQA. I'm supposed to do the happy New Year thing. I just can't do it. Sorry, dude. You can do it. I'm not going to do it. It's just silly crap. The New Year is January. The New Year is on the entire of all these different, you know, the Muslims and the Jews and the Chinese. Everyone's got their own New Year. See, if we can't even agree on what they knew you're is, how is it supposed to get long, you know? What are? Well, that's right. That's it. That must be part of God's plan because God is crazy. Maybe that's the problem. Is there a Russia-Shona, like, song, a New Year song, traditional kind of a song? A Russia-Shona song? Yes, a Russia-Shona song. Not that I know. You know, like, having a regular song. There it is. All right. They're bad. Your favorite Jewish rock and roll, the stars are bad. It's Russia, Shana, no. Yeah, that's it. Not that I know. Well, a song, and who the hives it, is there a regular New Year song? No, but since it's a religious kind of a thing. No. I don't think there's a poem song either. There's a Dread Old Rade Old Rade Old Rade. A Hanukkah song. Right. Let's play that. It's about 10-S long. Yeah. I hate that. Anyway, we're going to play a lot of long stuff. In us, I like loaded up a couple of minutes at that time. First of all, we don't have the crossover because the Humper is taking off. He's been Jewish today. Always that they used to be, he's going to come back from Charlotte. Must be a real slow trip. Now, he said he was taking off. Yes. And I'll guarantee you next Tuesday when you're, he won't be on next Tuesday either. Okay. Isn't next Tuesday, you can't see it from here. Now, do you think Hank is going to be fasting on you, Kipper? Yes. That's slowly. Good thing. Oh, yeah. It's slow. It couldn't hurt. Let me put it that way. Do a nice fast week. Next week, Comper. What are you employing? I'm implying he needs to lose an answer to it. Couldn't hurt. That's what I'm implying. I will not be fasting because at first of all, I won't even be here. I'll be abroad next week. You have to be here. Yeah. I'll be here. Anyway, you see who died? Oh, I said, yeah. I knew he was a good guy. Yes, he was. Nifty Russell died. Yum, Kipper is Thursday. Next Thursday? Yes. yellowish. You can do a good job. What's up. Good job. This got you. Right there. Look at the 13. Can we do it? Yes. 13. Well, that's an unlucky number. Uh, for I guess, I don't know, maybe for Ariel Cherone, I've got any ideas, who knows, who knows who cares? It's just all a bunch of bobbin' my sees, when you people grow up already. Can you do it? The human race goes stupid. That's the problem. I was thinking that last night I was watching the news. And all these people are killing each other. All the same old tired arguments. that group. Oh, geez. Oh, by the way, speaking that before I forget because I know I'll forget later because I heard it on CNN just once briefly I was in a kitchen and I just yes, do they have to know one time and they said that NPR yesterday morning reported that Harriet Myers, your president's fantastic choice to be the next Supreme Court Justice. I see was a headhunter. In fact, I got to do have the name of the church. Surgeonized scour today to try to find some information about the whole thing about this no paper trail is right now he you Christian church in Texas. She was one of the big hunters and I searched a very very fundamentalist right wing church that that's counseled to ex-gays the X-game movement of course. X-gays. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have a lot of things. That's going to give you a real good tip office to discellating type what she's all about. Come on, you could come around. Oh, you don't come to it. They don't come more right on than the X-game movement. I think about the only thing worse than that is the Jews for Jesus. The funny thing is that they have classes to teach you how to not be gay, how to be straight. In fact, the member of the Christian Zionist movement, which was that on power of nightmares? I don't know. I think you're right. I think it was. They mentioned it. Yeah. The Christian Zionist movement. Some very scary. Yeah. Who love Israel not because they like Jews or anything like that or because they really like Israel. But because we have to carry out this biblical prophecy. Right. And we have to have Armageddon and then of course most of the Jews are going to die anyway because they're not going to accept Jesus. You'll convert or die just like that. You can convert or die anyway. Nipsy Russell. I love it. I believe in convert because he died. Now, I bet you Josh doesn't have any idea who Nipsy Russell was and rightfully so. No. No. Nipsy Russell. In fact, here's a photo of Nipsy. You'll see was posing for a photographer. Something New York premiere of the film, the Abyater. Two day to seven or 14, 2004. Just a few months ago. And now he's dead. Now he's in a box. He's not in heaven. He's not in hell. Little boys and girls. All your kids are off a school today. There is no God. There is no heaven. There is no hell. There is no Santa Claus. It's all the same fairy tales. Okay. There are many fairy's but never there. Russell will play the tin man alongside Dana Ross and Michael Jackson in the whiz. Oh, now you should know who he is. I don't know. It's Josh. I ever saw the whiz. He might have just played the whiz. He's long to wear and stayed TV and film died Sunday afternoon at Lennox Hill Hospital in New York. Anyway, oh, his manager Joseph Rath. I guarantee that Rath was shortened from Rath. If you think guaranteed. That's a very interesting thing about people who change their names and shorten their names. Lot of not as easy to used to. It used to be very fashionable for days to shorten their names because it was like like a tropical love or no, like from Greenburg to Green. Very good. Maybe Bob Green was Bob Greenburg. You think it's impossible. I was thinking about Bob Green this morning. Wasn't where is it? It's a thought to you to by the way, Rockhead. Wasn't positive. I'll pick character. I'll pick character. Yeah. He took carry all right. Here I am. Even though you took him to the swing club and tried to get him laid that time. He still didn't take my damn desire. I was just going to show that. I was going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'll wait. He had kind of a cute beard. That's what the Cheryl said. What's their name? Nifty Russell who played the Tin Man alongside Diana Ross and Michael Jackson in the ways that way I already read that. Yes. He'd been suffering from cancer. Born in Atlanta. See, I don't understand this. Born in Atlanta, Russell launched his TV career as Officer Anderson in the 61 TV series Car 54 Where Are You? One of the worst shows in history. Also appeared in the 1994 film version. He became a fixture here we go. A fixture on popular TV game in talk shows. He was on so many games show. Where he was walking with poetics over the early in the moniker the poet laureate of TV. He also took a signature foreline poetry on the road for readings and performances. He appeared in the films. Nimo in 84 Wildcats in 86 and Pasi in 93. Hey, Josh, I'm Pasi, right? Who saw it? What about my mask? And you saw Pasi, right? I don't know. All right. We're still looking. Why would he have seen Pasi? Because it's relatively modern. 93, relatively. 12 years ago. He was like 10 years old at a black cowboy movie Josh. No, he did not see Pasi. He sold in the Yorker in the Adiadi. Adiadi. He never, he never married. He was married to his work just like Harry at night. He was okay. You know what he kind of leads? Somebody says that someone is married to the work that's a code for. That's exactly what they mean. Don't give him this crap. They're married to the work that's in. And then everybody who never got married is, you know, not a nevertheless. He always said I have trouble living with myself. How could I live with anybody else? But he was a wonderful guy. Very quiet, never brag. Nipsy Russell. Good. I do like that. The notice is special that he was going to pour a 40 out of the lot for it. I'll be damned. Anyway, more bad news from Iraq. Four US soldiers and a Marine, five more did US troops have been killed in the tax. The US military said today. The deaths were announced on the same day as US like forces, launched an offensive of the Western province of Anbar where for the troops died. This brings the total out to 1944, but who's counting? 1944 people dead because of lies. A warman in a legal invasion based on a pack of lies based on a bunch of neocon fantasies, lunacy, and a public sits back. But the American Idol coming back. But the look like that. Where's my project? That's what the public is doing. They're all drugged up all screwed up and nobody cares. And then I'm a credit party. They're totally out to lunch. They don't jump on this area at Myers-Bitch. See, she is, actually, this is a pretty clever move. Because she's not one of these openly ratted white wings. She's very quietly trying to portray her. Somebody who's very, very good at two of her. She wants to love. She donated a 10 bucks to Al Gore, 100 years ago, and therefore she's like, but in the meantime, if you really check her record out, which will get to that eventually. Well, they'll actually get to it. She's just another right wing piece of terror. Just another bush toady in chiefs clothing. And another dike. This whole thing is incredibly amazing to me. This whole coat ofery we've got now of self-hating fags and the Jews and blacks. Or like the bush, the bush, not see movement. What is the mainstream media going to pick up on that? They're not. Do a big special review. They're not. It's not a purpose. You can't say that. Nice. You may be. This certainly I can talk about her being a dike. Have you ever heard in the mainstream media anybody suggest? Or ask how come Connie isn't married? Oh, she's very, very do we're work, huh? If we're, or am culture or misplugged you fast. How's your wife doing on it? You're fair. Yeah. Well, he's married to well-in-same. He's only a girl out of there. My favorite. What about? Who? Carl. Oh, Carl Roe. Yeah, Roe, I mean, yeah, yeah. Why do you can, anybody who's ever met real squimmer? You can just look at him and tell he's got that flaming look. He just absolutely. Bye. Hey, man. Carl Roe. So what can I tell you? You know, it's just to the way it goes. The course of people like Bill Crystal and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl. Allowies people. It's just very sad. And they've taken over the country. And they're running in the rest of you people. Like busy trying to, you know, money together to fill up your tank with gas. Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. I have gas pains just thinking about him, you know what? Do you notice, it must be the drinking. But when he was introducing her yesterday morning, he looked more bewildered than usual, which is saying a lot. He just, he just, let's be fuddled. I mean, like he's lost like he, in the bag. Just in the city. We worked for work. Not even looking up, very looking up, every time he reads. Here's the poor yesterday who best fits this description of Broadcast. Who does not belong on the air. We had a hell of a battle going. There's 1725 votes and we did cross because we edgeed out Ricky Tiki Sanchez. By two votes, we did cross B-233, Rick Sanchez 231. Lenny Martez is a very strong 3149 and deservedly so. Don't, I'm a 135. Shannon Sharple on 12. I'm pleased to see that Shannon was in the top five and very deservedly so and insult to all of us. Bob Novak 84, the Cronus 79, Ojima, Duffy 78, Nancy Grace 76, aka Grace Nanceur, Djolty 72, Hockey D'Marnite, the D'U, Gereon, the QAM, Al Franken 69, D'Alla, Baster at 67, Joseph Geki 56, as in Q56, who did the morning show this morning with Curtis. Oh, you're good guys, Jove, but don't come back soon, please. Michael Irvin 38, Wolf Lisk, Reed 38, Tucker Carlson 37, Jimmy Siffle, S36, Joe Skirmler 34, Paul Castro over 27, how you doing, Polly? He's probably taking notes already. Phil Sims 15, Solidae, O'Brien 14, Joe Morgan and Rich Waltz 11, a piece and Roxy Bernstein 11, that's bad. Roxy is so much better than Rich Waltz, even Josh admit that. Edgeult 7 and Bob Schiefer 5, that was her. Poya yesterday. 10 13 is 5, 60 WQ, let's take a look at that schedule. Now it says Moe is on today, can we confirm that on a Jewish, con Russia, Shawna? He's been taking so much time off yesterday, but at Briss in the baby in the whole deal, a grand kid. He's on a ruffle the management. It says Moe 2 to 4, I've just read what it says. Mad dog 4 to 7, Kim Boe camp for 7 o'clock, Ed Kaplan 10 to 2, any kids that are working at night. That is really shocking. It goes to show you how much the troopers we are in this suit. It's interesting about how the Goi and didn't be shrubs today. I've actually had a lot of Nazis not there today. Well, you know, I didn't check that side of the building too. But if stuff said the parking lot was real empty. So everybody's Jewish. I don't know. Speaking of shit. Well, you better get tough on the phone. Get in my inn there, okay? Get in my horn. You're getting my no-horn. Yeah, I've been feeling this going to be happening a lot. I was talking this morning with the audio vaults all screwed up and he went, oh, but it would be pretty good for it like that and he's got a budget meeting this morning and how much money he needs and all this other crap, which has nothing to do with getting the piece of equipment fixed, but nevertheless, apparently they know why it's doing this just nobody's done anything about it. I see. So we know why it keeps doing this and dropping out in the middle of our very important commercials, which is the only reason that we're here, but nevertheless, me and God, I are so true to all these things. I'll know how to do it. I saw you out of my mouth, I thought those things would seem to be a bad cold. That's right. All my friends think I'll know. And that's the redneck bar. All my soul things are so tough to speak. All my soul things are so tough to speak. All my soul things are so unmething. When a wind-to-word, a look like a church and I was fired in the screen. Driving home, I would all know, taking some of the way and tricks on me. But if I knew there, I could see Jesus staring back at me. So deep to soon, I'll go back. I saw him alone, I thought those three and the seat did seem like a cold. All my friends think I'll know. And the redneck bar. All my soul things are so tough to speak. All my soul things are so tough to speak. All my soul things are so tough to speak. All my soul things are so unmething. All my soul things are so unmething. I saw him, I thought those three and the seat did seem like a cold. All my soul things are so tough to speak. All my soul things are so tough to speak. All my soul things are so hot to speak. All my soul things are so unmething. All my friends think of us down to the red they fall All the songs and I don't wanna see all the songs You see that curve on my heart, you see that curve on my heart You see that curve on my heart, you see that curve on my heart Yeah, that one's broken back then, we see it about a half a second That many switch to something else, some chopper, a flannel over somewhere And then here's this goofball, and that's it That's where I'm exposed outside the green zone in Iraq But other one that, everything is all we're fine Incredibly well Texas Grand Jury brought a charge of money laundering Yesterday against representative Tom Delay, yes The former host majority leader in dead last week on conspiracy Chargesting from a campaign finance probe Delay into associates are now also charged with conspiring New illegally steer 190 grand in corporate donations to State legislative candidates in 2002 into disguise It's sourced by sending it through national Republican campaign communities And a written statement, the anxious congressman called the Envame in another example of prosecutorial abuse By district attorney Ronnie Earl, who's also by the way Prosecutor 12 Democrats, he's a christenent in passing Even though he's very partisan of course, according to Tom Delay I got to articulate article here by Juan Cole I'm not gonna, I was down in my pile, not that I want to read a lot today On the junior year, but I will need that Let's get to the days polo first of all because Saturday went into effect when I went to yesterday We need to tune them up long Florida Somebody takes your parking spot What is ass away? Okay, somebody looks at you cross-eyed You go to the ATM and somebody like stand in two-plus behind you Maybe looking for your passwords, but I'm being knitted Right? Right? And your fan ask of it will come down and give you a medal A purple star and a gold jelly bean Or the other way around and say pay you a good job Well done, go home I recognize it An automatic Right. And give you like an AK-47 So you can do an even better job next time What's your take on the new Florida shoot-up law That's our inner in effect now This is October 4th, so four days now You've had a chance to go out and kill some people Oh, gee, I should have done the air Like I said, it's a new hobby Some people I could play golf, some people I could play parcs You're scrabble and some people like to kill some people There you go Thanks, Mo It's me in 1996 votes I can't believe he's working there on the due year That's bad It's gonna burn in hell for that Or for a lot of other things If you have your 96 votes on that pool What's your take on that new law? Only crazy people could support this That was my vote You have to be crazy, should've fired You have to be locked up to believe that this is the way It should be It should be what I said 117 sounded like something else didn't I love it Can't wait to shoot somebody one or three Well, I think that was a Freudian slip I love it can't wait to shoot somebody 103 people said that Yeah, let me out Only in America 84 That's a good one I can't believe it's a law 60 I'm out of here, 18 Won't change the thing 12 I supported 8 That's really great On the first ever two We got 400 votes It's not even 10 30 There goes 402 402, that's what I got right now That's not the heels of Georgia Gaki Be it on, that's pretty good I'm impressed on the due year too This is the year I officially just I mean, I've said it before That I don't celebrate these holidays But this is the year I officially just I've washed my hands of it, you know? Plus with this new virus going around here How do you like this? I'll be calling you today All these panic people Oh, we heard that thing about that nursing home We're out of need, we must be sorry It's a good news, it's right Yeah, right, go wash your hands and wash your mouth I'll wipe your right and wash out your actom God, get serious All these panic people If I've been a state of panic that some of these people do Every time like a little bug comes along you Just step on it, squashed it Or inflore it, that's stupid Those are the United States of Panic Shoot it baby, shoot that bug Kill it The clear war on it Invaded Rift it to drop a bunch of bombs on it Anyway I'll get to this article I said I don't want to interrupt myself One cool bush done it It's for informed comment Oh, informed comment, what's that? That's something we don't get too much of these days Especially in your mainstream media, you graveylovers you lunatics So the fact that this Harriet Myers Who spells her name in a very fucgy way, by the way The fact that she was a big hontryman is valley View Christian Church in Texas Which ministers to ex-gays Oh, my ex-gays, my ass Who are you kidding honey? As soon as I heard that, like a little light bulb I ran over my head And of course, then I found out about her For a little pro-life a stance And about her anti-herf People want the anti-satomy law Repealed in Texas, she says She's just a self-hating old-dike is what she is Okay? It's just amazing to me this group of misfits that he's put together I'm surprised he hasn't brought in a few people From the Roman Catholic Church, a few priests That have gotten ex-communicated I got the good heres. She's a retuicum of the priest that killed two people Well, maybe he was getting ready to live in Florida To know how to be now And he gets pissed off, gotten killed some people And he's got them closer to the Lord didn't he? You work in the QAM, come to work with the newsy And kill some people, man, do a public service I bet your shy has a newsy You think he does well? He's one of those Israeli militants, you know? Now he worked today? Yeah, you did. Get out of here! All right, he is really worked on Russia's Shona He's going to burn in hell and somebody's going to pee And there's some entouchment next for him, I'll guarantee you that Man, I can't believe that Shona He must be insecure, although I can't imagine that We're going to have that station I'm surprised that his court isn't taking off today For a Russian Shona I'm not that's right, he's hanging around his way into the mail I got that mail You have other way of furniture because You do have that I'll get into my seat I'll have you welcome Thanks, I said You can't be humble, but I said Shut up What he really means is, couldn't have been another zero on that That's what he's really trying to say Well, no, no, no times are tough and probably you want to give Duffaloant too, because he's, oh, if I have There are more about that nashing of TV Man, that cries like a woman like that He just, it just tears my guts out Oh, he didn't get bang it, dude Harder, smack it, harder Crank it Radio 560 Hmm, I got a joke Fuck, stop, I got max I'm gonna go to the office, just borrow the best hosties I'm gonna run into the best hosties Underwoody criticism from most parties Brown offered no apologies And mostly bring the others to the debauchels That cost hundreds of dollars Oh, my ground There's no one left to spray my dead brownies Your the government shame I said, brownie Circle rear's up and framed is no one I know who's or flame George Bush We better make them shut up before he says If we're true who messed up you can defend him But I'm sure you will find many things That he should do time We can't let him go He's way too dumb to run the FPMH Some people died when he ran FPMH I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying Everyone knows that you're leadership votes You can go back to your part shows Today both Republicans and Democrats Critisize the facts that Brown is still on the federal payroll That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official His testimony must be cleared by the White House I call him members to make wheel cuts and non-security spending All of a sudden now it's the it's the tight budget president Okay, with our $3 trillion deficit Nice going to the things again for that fantastic bargain on the gas It's a real steal of a deal You know this thing with the audio vault I don't want to get like technical on the air Because the audience will go into a deep coma They'll think they'll listen to a marman game But let's get serious Okay, this has gone on for weeks now Yeah, and when you tell me that they have identified what the problem is But they don't say we highly motivated do something to build it You would think that that would be the number one priority is to give the spots on the air They don't give a crap about me or you guys or anybody else All they care about is give us that damn F and money man Just like that son says up on the wall there give us the money When you can't get the money unless you run the spots And every time we try to take your commercial break We have to go through a spastic song at the dance because then thing won't play Now what about the one in the other room I don't know See if we have a spare DC S again I don't want to get real technical here Well there is one in the other room But we think it's subject to the same problems Why would that be? If we ever had this problem with the And see that's that's BS that's a lie And we were heading that problem with the C.S. Ever Not told Has it ever has it ever failed to fire once? Yeah all the time What? All the time Josh has to hit the button like all more and more lately But yeah the DC S I'm sorry no no the DC S never Right never Sorry Now wouldn't that be a sweet thing to put the spot in your So we're the way the thing works and it goes from one right to the next one You are just a funny guy as a week as a funny man Yeah Right? No wonder you have these high rating You're just no one Yeah, yeah Hey so we have rocket sciences to figure out you use the system that works And doesn't keep freezing up all the time Like we were going to the lot that from our package experience But you know something they don't know We told them about fat boy no matter what we say they do the opposite Because we're evil We're the marginalized Who are you? You're not even supposed to be in the building Nobody likes you here Daryl says this fact you just said I'm associated with a teacher in a private Christian school in Sarasota who was required to attend a Christian educational Conference in Dallas, Texas last week One of the speakers a prophet I was told Talked at the reason for the awful floods and hurricanes in the south We're directed related to the decisions that Bush has made Relating to Israel in their land God was punishing this nation for these atrocities against the Jewish nation These are God's chosen people Anyone who makes decisions in opposition to them will suffer the consequences To you as scripture to put it out that these are facts That we're told that Katrina was whirling around in the Gulf And what's the decision was made regarding the Gaza script by the Bush administration Katrina then headed directly to her this southern states Many of you know I'd have poor bush. This is not a support for bush thread Now it appeared though this is from somebody's uh, blah Now it appears some of his own has turned against him for his religious political decisions What are Christian school teachers learning these days to listen to such crazy statements In turn of course children are picking up these messages when we were another Ponding another generation to mythology and lunacy We're in the health of these idiots come from Lyrs such a great people ought to come anywhere near our children Where does this craziness stop in this country to think these people make a living Holding seminars with such stupidity attached to them is enough to make me talk I said zero well you better start now squat zero because you're going to be doing a lot of it Thank you Mr. President You're doing a heck of a job Bush heck of a job W452 votes on a polonica like keep referring to that too often Because I got a few fish to Friday not a lot I'm not big on fish. I'm not even Friday. Probably ought to take a few calls today too Because we got some goi I'm going to be cone in today. It's certainly not any Jews call I'm really I'm a gas that we got to it people working on this very important new year New year is January the first okay just keep that in mind all you people are got your own new years Your mama that's my response to you okay including this one. This is bubble license. This is nonsense But a Jewish calendar says let me say this to you. Is there anybody Jews included we're going to look upon tomorrow as the second day of the year? No, I'm not saying yeah, right. I know no So forget about it cut the crap get with it. Stop it all the childish nonsense all these Important things go in the world and we're busy arguing about what they is new year. Oh gee. I can't figure it out Who's calendar are we going by how about Gregory as as tech killed was anything after Jeff Gregory the Reborn calendar W2AM hello or maybe really quick. He wasn't that movie. Yes sir I've got any drugs came on the other night and was talking about though Bennett and his comments and then compared them What you say about Cubans which was he he they're just so far out of there But what I say about Cubans what is it that I say about Cuban know that's not that you said that you've ordered all the Cubans more people It's been this right. I'm sure I must have said that if we just reported all the Cuban southwater me a better place to live right Hey Matt you're fairie go ahead You ever hear these guys talk about well assuming your next terrorist strike comes in America What's going to happen and they all start talking to these these right wingers about how the enemies of this state are going to be jailed for That's a decision that want to use to vision loss the silence people right with Cindy she and or you know That is correct. It's insanely these people talk it's in faces and baby. That's what it is it's really hell That's the mustache looking for another right stock fire Excuse the shot up or the shot up people who disagree with them. You got it. It's unbelievable I'll see you to border pali. Thanks man. I'll see you to peace bridge Interesting ideas. I you got a lot interesting ideas. Okay, like a burnable all of us fags But that's right accept the ones that is administration is kind of like Hitler the same thing Exactly the same. I don't see any difference anti-Semites virulent anti-Semites except the course But those neoconjuts who are part of their Polo operation for same thing all over again and a public sits back and see an instance back and they're like analizing And they have to give the opposite point of view every time somebody criticizes and they have to like bring all these Stupid suck up generals on there to tell us how wonderful everything's going in Iraq and how freedom is on a march And all those great things we're gonna be doing a yeah sure it is if they could figure out a way if there was like a magic pill They could swallow where I would magic wand they could wave that could guess out of there like tomorrow by noon tomorrow They'd be raising it right now. There you go. I just heard it. They'd be waving it. They'd be flailing with it because they owe them Well that they got caught with their damn weapons of mass destruction down with their aren't any and all their lies down And by the way, what ever happened to roll in colon Powell? I had a laugh when they're talking about Somebody needs to be in charge of the mess in with Katrina there and Louisiana and the Gulf States and they're talking about well Either Rudy Giuliani or Colin Powell based on what based on what what it would really Giuliani do be side-go on television after 9-11 What else did he do in you know run around pet people on the back? You mean that's not enough and roll in colon Powell maybe you can hold up a few files of the water from New Orleans say see there's and at least this time it be honest right because we didn't have no answer Action those vials he was holding up there in the U.N. But there would be a lot of crap floating around in those vials because He naturally being a crap specialist that he is rolling cool them total sell out So let's find just take it a shout. Well guess what very you're fairly well, Ferry? Who are you kid man? You self-hating of not just disgusting piece of turd man? You're there things floating in the water in New Orleans that are more worthwhile than you In fact, I've said you're one thing if all people like that whatever that is and I'm not sure there's a specific category If they would have been aborted at birth then the world would be a better place Is now what Bill Bennett said all the term 10 41 at five 60 What are you all said and done at the American people are gonna know what I know that you Much oh no wow talk about the dumbing down of America man Look Uh Four, four, three, four, three, four. The heck did all the wood that you said today? He's got a lot of noise at the door above me that way. Yeah, I don't give a crack what that very message is saying. Did anyone first work? Think something else? That's what I told you. I know, have you know? I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I said to yell at me that I'm a... And not my way to the condo, when I call my phone in bed, can I? I give a three condo, think that I'm a rat. The door is a fucking towel. Do we walk out in that yard? Suppose to walk out in that? Somebody. Our Corywing had the subway. There were there in that door. A voice in. I said a song, she sniffed at us. I read her a song. I'm kind of selfish about why you live. I got a whole new spoiled booze. I know everything that's going on in that room. Why you haven't no old and a new modja rule. I'm into the giant daddy or you. Too bad you know I'm not doing my. Too bad you know when I take you straight. I know I ain't no one clearly. But when they drop I boys will change. You're a little smoothing in the world. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. I'm just a bird. Four hundred ninety six votes on a full array. It's not even another clock yet. How do you like them apples, boys? Even Josh might be impressed. I'm more impressed with, uh, we're going to go for four for four on the breaks here. He's keeping score today on the audio vault. Also we're three for three even, yeah, even baby root never were tied cotton and never bed at a thousand. So we're going for four for four for perfect. Now the amusing part of it was that before before the show, Miss Moth will come to every day to pat us on the head and make sure everything is okay. You know, he said, well, we got budget meetings tomorrow. So I won't be with you tomorrow. But, you know, you know, he always got to get a hold of me. In case you need me for like, engineering or something. So you see the, you see the irony in that engineering or something. We've had the audio vault from which by the way, that's a computer that we play our commercials off of on his horseball station, which is one of the worst pieces of equipment, one of the most irre, uh, unreliable. And as a result, that's why every time we go to break Josh's sitting there smack it and it banged at the computer too. And it just, you know, it ain't a plan half the time. So the idea that anybody in there is going to get engineering off their ass, although we are on 24, seven, you know, it's pretty amazing. We got 24 hours, seven day a week programming. Remember that sign on the door? Oh, yeah, we're really great. Where who the hell is he to talk about us here? Nice job in it. Um, Amsterdam studio, by the way, couple of years ago, that was really good. Sound like I was underwater. Juan Cole says Bush done it. And I happen to think that he is. That's so little in character. He says George Stephanopoul is dropped a bombshell on his show on Sunday. Towards the end, he said definitely a political problem, but I wonder George will do think it's a manageable one for the White House. Especially if we don't know what the Fitzgerald is going to write a report or have indictments, but if he's able to show us his source close to this told me this week, that President Bush and Vice President Cheney were actually involved in some of these discussions, meaning discussions about Valerie Plain. The implication is that Bush and Cheney took part in discussions with Carl Roe, Louis Libby, and other administration spin-misters about what to do about that pesky Joseph Wilson from Racting Ambassador to Iraq. What stood up to Saddam in the fall of 1990? Wilson had gone to Niger or as they say now in New Year, in spring of 2002 to check out the story circulating in intelligence circles that Saddam had brought a bot uranium there recently. Vice President Richard Bruce Cheney, when people are illegal probably to traditionally to drop the nicknames, and asked us to see IA about these stories. Wilson and fond that the structure of the uranium industry in Niger, which frankly was in French hands, made the purchases implausible. Wilson did not know what the time was that the stories were generated by actual documents, a set of cumsily forged letters generated by a 10-in-military intelligence officer Raccole Martini, who claimed he was the tool of higher powers. I wonder if he was condemnist or martini from Kukusnest? Wilson wrote his report and assumed it was passed by the NCA director George Tenet, and then spent the Cheney who had initiated the inquiry. Wilson watched with a maizement and outrage as the Bush administration went on relentlessly to hype Iraq's alleged nuclear program as a basis for the Iraq war that they got up. By May of 2003, Wilson had had enough and he went public with mandatory of the New York Times in which he told his story. The whole part of Bushism is to punish dissidents within the ranks immediately and ruthlessly. Wilson, a former state department official, had to be destroyed, having stepped out of line. Everyone should remember that when former Secretary of Treasury Paul O'Neill decided to come out with a tell-all memoir about being in the Bush cabinet for a year he proclaimed, I'm old, I'm rich and there's nothing they can do to me or work to that effect. Then all of a sudden, the Bush administration was finding signs of classified documents and O'Neill's book implicitly threatening him with spending the rest of his life in jail for having revealed government secrets. O'Neill, feebly protested that he had not access to classified documents, but all of a sudden he disappeared from the airways. He discovered that there were two things that could be done to him. He must have been astonished that the bushes of Kenny Bunkport would behave like Vladimir Putin. Everyone always underestimates the malevolence of the bushes of Connecticut. So the Bush team ordered an investigation into Wilson, a quickly emerged that he was married to Valerie Plain Wilson, though the government documents the White House could get hold of just called her Valerie Plain, and transpired that Plain worked on preventing the proliferation of weapons and mass destruction at the CIA. Carl Roe, Louis Limit, Richard Bruce Cheney, and Department of Defense Mafia, considered the CIA an open enemy and out of team player, Richard Pearl, their guru on these matters, viewed the CIA as a hotbed of wimpy liberalism that especially underestimated the depravity of dark skin people in the third world. In short, the CIA was impervious to the Lakudlov, and impressed with the crackpot theories of far-right wing gunflies like Pearl. So the Hot House atmosphere of the White House in 2003, when the awful truth was done in that there were no WMDs in Iraq, Roe's Libby-WM, the big Bruce, and Pearl together with others in the administration to think how to discredit Wilson. They care only about image not substance. It didn't matter that the Wilson had been proved right, and their world only loses if the public sees the truth. The mere discovery of truth in some obscure court is irrelevant. They had to prevent the public from seeing Wilson's truth. So they would leak it that Wilson's wife was CIA, and more overhead, some had something to do with having him sent on his mission. Apparently, among the peculiar tribes that inhabit the press offices in Washington, this information would be enough to tag Wilson as unreliable as indeed a flag for the CIA, populated by water mondails, wouldn't recognize a uranium ship into Iraq, if a caterpillar lift truck accidentally dropped it on their toes. And, sure, Wilson would not be a good faith witness for the secret age, who would they hidden pinkable agenda and so safely dismissed. Roe and Litty were chosen as the hatchet man who would actually talk to the reporters and put the information out. But, of course, Bush and Cheney were part of the deliberations that set the plan in motion. It involved outing a career CIA operative and likely getting her contacts in a third world killed. It was very serious business. Bush would have had to sign off on it, at least early. As long as the Republicans control both houses of Congress, Bush is probably safe, I'm not sure a special counsel like Fitzpatrick could buy himself, ring now to President. But if an Democrats can take the house in 2006, this scandal could turn into an impeachment trial. I've long been frustrated by the US press's tendency to talk about Bush's cabinet officers, as though they were independent agents, and to put Bush on a pedestal. Let me just follow through on some further assertions in the spirit of Stefanopoulos' remark. It is fruitless to speculate about who dissolved the Iraqi army in May of 2003 and why. This will be contributed to the rise of SUNY Arab guerrilla movement. Bush did it. Who ordered the Marines against their vetted judgment to launch a reprisal attack on Fuluga after four Western private security guards were killed and their bodies desecrated there. Bush did it. Who authorized torture at Guantanamo and Abu Graib? Bush did it. Who applauded Michael Brown, a man with no experience in emergency management, had a FEMA. Bush did it. Who led Ben Laden escape from Tura Bora? Bush did it. Who completely destroyed the fiscal health of the US government, forced us into massive that squandering Clinton surplus in invading social security? Bush did it. Bush is the president. He makes the decision. If there's been a major bad decision it's been his. Who ought to validate where the claim is under cover CIA operative? Bush did it. All right. I'd be like that. A lot would I got in the African American community? Yeah, there you go. All 10 of them. 10.56 and 5.60 WCWM. If you have sick or dying palm trees or palm trees, they just don't look as good as they ought to. Palm tree doctor can help. Palm tree doctor is staff orders leading Palm experts specializing in saving sick and dying palm trees. In most cases, Palm tree doctor can save your sick palms that are fractured to replacement cost. No job is to bigger too small. Palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well as property management companies. Home owners associations and city governments too. Visit their website palm tree doctor.com for more information including before and after pictures and references. You can even make an appointment online. Doctor, if you have sick or dying palms, the only people you ought to be called the Palm tree doctor, South Florida's original Palm Specialist. Calm today, toll free. 1.86. 9.46.36. mentioned the new Rogers shown to you a $30 credit off your initial visit. Palm tree doctor, they 1.86. 9.46.36. Or go online to palm tree doctor.com. That's 1.86. 9.46.36. For the palm tree doctor, when you really want serious results. This is meal Rogers. 5.6. This is the new Rogers show. 5. This is a grain. No. 8. Friday night is in the White House. Do you know it's presidential day? 8. 7. He's there in the Oval Office. So he's not sure what an Oval is. Abu Garp, who is. His practice is speech that he's been working on for weeks. It should be a breeze. But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from a random or here in the end. 7. Saturday, you still know smarter. Faithful attendance centers and football. If you could say his brain is easy. It's kind of like a change. He's caught up in the ventricle. 7. Now he goes to give the speech with words. If both have cannot be seen with some brain. But he won't say it how his feels and said he'll talk about some bad mistakes. 6. He can't fail. He can't act. Right out loud. He can't speak. So what he says. No way is it down. Don't have a clue. No way is it. So he jives. Babu. Abu Garp. He's here. Yeah, exactly. It's 11 or two or five six. You're happy Tuesday too. I'm not going to get into that new year's crap. It's a great name. Community. This is the one. Linceburg. Man. Evangelist Franklin Graham told an audience that Hurricane Katrina could lead away. Spiritual rebirth of what he called a sinful New Orleans. See, this is why they got to act. Not once, but twice. Twice. They got whacked. There's been satanic worship. There's been sexual perversion Graham said yesterday. An appearance at Liberty University. We're only the craziest of the crazy go. God is going to use that storm to bring revival. God has a plan. God has a purpose. Lincoln Graham. Who courses the son of Billy Graham? Yes. And even crazier than Billy. Graham's comments reported by the News and Advance of Lynchburg were made at Thomas Rob Beftis Church's super conference 2005 at Liberty, the Church in University of Course were founded by the very, very fat and idiotic Reverend Jerry Felwell wither without thinking winky and teletobey. The good news is that God loves sinners. Jesus Christ is coming back and he's alive. So Graham, son of designated successor, brother. He's alive. It sounds like something out of Frankenstein. It's a crime. Graham Sam Arsomer at the first organization. About 500 volunteers helping put new roofs on houses and clean mud and debris out of homes in Mississippi and Louisiana. The organization, however, has been the target of criticism because gift bags distributed into this place children, including Christian tracks and a stuffed land that plays Jesus loves you. It's always the same crap. We're going to help you. We'll bring you a little of food and a couple of chalkies. But we also want to convert you to just like mother Teresa used to do the same kind of crap. We're going to bring you two things, ignorance and trotsies and enough where you can't refuse. I don't forget about that. We did not want to help anybody remember that. Graham didn't meet me in return and telephone message left by the A&P today. Norlands historic Saint Louis Cathedral held its first Sunday, mass since the hurricane. Our special Alfred Hughes suggested the city would reveal to the community with a stronger moral threat free of racial tension and rampant self-indulgence. But the Roman Catholic leader, we assure the congregation that God did not cause the hurricane to punish evil doers. So now we get the battle again between this. Whatever he is, the Roman kind of the Catholics and the Protestants against the threat again. Just like Northern Ireland. Who now do we believe any of them? They're all crazy than a bed bug. They're all a bunch of grave robbers. They're all businessmen. That's what it's all about. They want your money. They want your brain and they want your money. And they want your kids so they can bring wash them in some cases. They can abuse them. Use an abuse. I'm going to take a look at that pool. I've been ignoring that. 544 if we really put our mind to it. We can get like at least 600 in a day. Do anything? And where we want to apologize. We only went three for four in the first hour on the audio vault. But it was, you know. That's only 750, even now, Rob Karoon, ever bed at no 750. Even 10 Williams never came close to that. So 750 in bed. 544 votes. What's your take on the new floor to shoot up law? Come on. Come on. We're crossing funding online. If the supermarket is lower, crackle in. I say. Somebody who looks like they maybe want to take your persons' pot and give it like an eagle eyes. Somebody pulls up behind you when you're at the ATM and starts walking toward the justice you're about to put your pin in the net. What's your take on a new floor to law? I love it. Can't wait to shoot somebody. 148. I'll ride. Only crazy people could support this 147. Only in America 105. I can't believe it's law 86. I'm out of here 26. Good. Good for you. Good choice. We'll change the thing. 22. And I support it 19. But I love it. And can't wait to shoot somebody. 148. There you go. That's the kind of people that support this kind of law is the kind of men that men that men that are crazy people. Although they do love the Lord and choose life. Don't forget to like. And then. Come on. Like pick out a good one and then they're all like shopping for chickens. So. Autotics and calls I would think. He will of course it is a very summer holiday. 560. 560. Town 560 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. That's somber. But important enough to give people off their ass and to go to show little go the rest of the year. You know, rush your son and you own kipper. These are must show days if you want to show the world you really do it. You understand? I do. Must be there. WQAM. Hello. Happy to hear from you. Yeah. Good one. WQAM. Hello. Hey man. How are you doing? Pretty good. I'm sorry. I took your show down. But can I follow the hockey really? No. 560. You must be a crazy person. How much red did remember pay to make that call. Sir. We're not talking hockey this season or next season. Okay. I'm not blown away 99% of the audience for the benefit of us hockey fans. Okay. You want hockey. Talk to guilty. Listen to him tomorrow night. Don't the bug me with your hockey. For error has the minute in this new error. The trophy there you go. So, I'm going to go second. Let's see. Let's play the world of trial. I'm going to be for a point tonight. Let's go. First well. There we go. I have all the needs to be said about hockey. Chris Wells. That's it. End of that conversation. Next. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How do you think the mall is going to do it, sir? WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. I meant to call you last week, but I was busy. I saw a hangover on my skyline chilly. And I talked in for a minute. And when he left, I watched him get into a white conversion van full of groceries. So, I don't know what that means. That guy who got his van stolen from his front house. I'll go first. Okay. Thanks. Hank though driver conversion van. You know by groceries. Other than that. That's right. Was normal groceries. Good point. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. You know what's going to do today? Chalbusiness 82. Is he really? Yes, sir. How appropriate have we got this new law in Florida? You know, we got new law. Does the mentioned guns is not a gun law. The other gun law. The other gun is not a gun. How big are you? Is that that was. There's not mentioned guns. It's about use of Delhi force. And one last authorized. It's just a sort of... You know, you have a spear gun there. Yeah. Well, what do you use like a... Power gun? Either. I like a claw hammer. Well, power. Power. Power. Power drill. Power drill. It's a good. Doesn't mention guns. There's another guy trying to defend the defense. That's a good. That's a good. That's a good. Don't be so people. Right. People with guns. It's good. You know, guns don't kill people. People with guns. Crazy people with guns. Kill people. They're a player pathway because they get angry. It's been American effort way. You got it. Don't ever try to reason with those people. Let's see. That's a religion under itself. The whole gun thing. That's way above and beyond any others. The gun is to the gun nuts in the NRA. What the cross is to Catholicism. What the historic David is to Judaism. What the whatever else. All these others. You know, what the bald head is to Buddhism. Is not the simple. A little bit of Buddhism is a Rubin your bald head. Your bald's gone. Yeah. At a orange smirk. Come any QAM hello. Hey, Neil the morning. You looked to what Martha Stewart was wearing. Yes sir. I'm kind of sensing to your. You opposed the new wow wow. Yes, I do sir. Be a manly. Only crazy people would have won. We live in an atmosphere like that. Well, I don't. I'm not. I'm not. I think it. I think it's a good law. I think it's a good law. Well, let me just let me finish because I think it says a serious message that no longer he has to run away and be shot in the back to kind of defend your home or father. You know, I mean, and that's what the floor to law said back then. You have to get all the way. You're the one way or the fact that before we had this law that people in Florida very commonly in South Florida, if they get into an argument of our parking space, they pull out a gun and shoot each other. You're aware of that. I think look, I know your show is a, you know, survives on a pharmaceutical adjueration and so on gas. No, no, no, no. You're going to serve it. You know, which there isn't happen. When I just said, no, I'm not in a, look, I think, you know, people are going to stop her serious legal ramifications. If, you know, it, it, it, it's a ghost down like that. You, you know, you have to be in fear for your life. If you get to assume that some is possible through your window, you know, you get to assume that there is a file. We see you just got through saying about it sending a message. The message that I see it sends to the public is that now you have you, you're more entitled to do these things. In other words, if you feel like you have a confrontation and somebody is threatening to your life or your world, whatever, just blow them away. Well, you know, and then the message very clearly, there's no question about it. There is no other message. No, I, I disagree. I think that the world grows like that. You're, I think that's message I'm trying to emphasize, as I said, their message is a criminal, but you know what, I might, I might, I think second, you know, making take the second thought about, you know, be in need into somebody's house here because, you know, very little should be coming to the window where it's going to be. Oh, you had to, you had to, you had to. Well, let's watch over the next year and watch that. Well, you're right. That's going to be legal matters to be up front, you know, scenarios. And the message that it's out is like the fan ask governor and the legislature, panning gunmots on the back and saying, go get on that. That's the message. And you can try it. And any kind of, kind of, a little way you want to try to make it into something really great. That's going to protect innocent people and all this other crap. I'm going to tell you again for the off to umpteen time. See, here, they've got a recently, last several months in Toronto. We've got a problem with the crazy people using guns and killing people, which one of them doesn't happen. Although the number of murders is still like under 60 for the year. You can do that in the good month in Florida. But the fact is what they're doing is going after. They're not easy. They're not making it easier to blow away people who have guns. What they're doing is they're rounding up the guns and they're going after the gangs. They're like going an afshmit to do whatever they can to stop this. As opposed to the US, where, of course, the gun that's run a country, who has a result as Wild West mentality says, hey, let's just get a whole bunch more guns. They'll keep all them slime balls away from us. Nobody's ever going to get us. People that want to own guns are crazy people. Okay. Unless there's a specific reason for it. See what I'm saying? Like, you live in the dangerous place. Like America, right? So in that case, I go out to 441 when the show is over and I like, I hope a bunch of them. Let me see it again for the last one. I'm going to make it very, very clear. That's my opinion. People who want to own guns are crazy people. They have a major law from sheep. See, there you go again. There's another one. Crazy people. 1113 at 5. 60 WQAM in the market for a new car. Well, don't put it off any longer. Get on down and see my good friends at Armstrong for the homestead. They carry the complete Ford line with great service lesson. They'll be able to press this. You didn't have 150 or Ranger. Mustang or a splur. Armstrong for its got him. When you buy a new Ford for mom's gone for the homestead, not only do you get a great deal, but you also get Armstrong for its exclusive tires and batteries for life program. David Richardson, the staff at Armstrong for the will give in to you. The best price. And don't forget Armstrong for the homestead is locally owned and operated. It treats you great. Just like family. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch. No phony deals. Armstrong for the homestead. There were 307 25 South, 60 Highway. Just 20 easy minutes out of the 86. Armstrong for the US. One of South West 307 Street. Just 20 minutes out of the 86. You know how they put in their twice in row. Factual. So you don't know. Nice going fat stuff. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place else in town. Say it again. Subscribe Armstrong Cars.com and give David a call and tell me that that boy is a lunatic. 305 247 51 12. Travel little and save tons at Armstrong Ford of homestead. And by the way, speaking of fat boy. This is new Rogers. This is 5.62 A.F. 5.62 WQA. Yeah. So I'm the animation shark on the day. Half a thousand down on fishing. Go to your friends. And I'm the fan of the fan. You're betting you're right. You're on the top. And you think of all the benefits you're getting. Like movie tweeter and when you catch your heater. Carry a license to be deadly. Come on and join today. The number of you waiting to be remembered of the M.R.R. A4 does the A4 that's not always saying for that man. He's a rabbit now. The two of us are the New Year's students. The four of us are the three of us. You're right. Who got them to die? You got them to die today. And you'll be proud to stay. You're on the road. Yeah. You're on the road. Yeah. Except in R.A. 590 votes. We might do 700 by noon. Which means a thousand. We like slipping that easy today. You know what I'm rushing. Show no less. How do you like that? The glamour comes through a big time. Or maybe it's because the user all home. They're not working today. I think that could be it. Yep. The studio is going to be touching. You're not going to be touching. You're on a computer. You're burning a hell man. We'll be moving 3 inches to 9 inches and get done and . Go. Like if you're on top going, Let's the work of Athensica behind the wall, and see you're on your neck. Great. You're not taking in any of the cities in Gero Blaise. And we can hear Richard Mughal in the spring. The spring turns outrs on the screen. Relax. That sounds overwhelming. What is this, Scott, less work? More to fill in? That's a great! Hehe! And more to fill in. He's just really a thing to see. And then when it started turning about a lighter shade of blue, that was interest, right? And the arm too, right? That was really amazing. And let's wrap it to Felina put on our titses and our Yamacas and our big, the payess and a whole deal. So, Shire Levy worked today, man. He has definitely got an appointment with the devil. They don't must take about there. Maybe he's a devil's fan. When he talks to Shire next time, see if he's a hockey fan. Well, he's from New York, so he could be a fan. Right. Probably a dangerous fan. Probably a hit hockey, like somebody else we know. Oh, don't talk to him. How much if we refresh that thing? It's got over 600 votes. I could be wrong about that, but that would be quite a feather in our camp. Wouldn't it? It's so full, is what I'm seeing. Guess what Patty Cannon says? Oh, it's really funny about these right wingers having a nervous breakdown about Harriet Myers. Like, rush yesterday. Oh, she was totally on this. This is a decision made on weakness. So, they try and get cheney. They get him out of deep breeze. And they have old Dick cheney, the old geezer getting on a phone call rush. And then he had a call shone, hand it. He was also hyperventilating like all the other right wingers streamers. They didn't pick Eva Brown to be on the court. Yeah. Patty Cannon says, Myers qualifications are non-existent. Nice job, Pat. What do you mean? What his ultimate says? Here's what Patty Cannon says. Another Nazi and drag. And then they once said, I really said something. When you got a fascist like Patty Cannon, a subhuman anti-human individual, who thinks that the Bush people are extreme. That's, that's entirely something. Hand it a once in a generation opportunity to return the Supreme Court to Constitutionalism, George W. Bush passed over and does not be finished jurist of his day to name his personal lawyer. And if a season deeply disheartening to those who have invested such hopes in him, Bush may have tossed away his and our land chance to roll back these social revolution imposed upon us by our judicial dictatorship since the days of Earl Warren. See now Patty, we've heard him to his Nazi path. This is not to his fairer's Harriet Myers. From all accounts, he's a gracious lady. He was spent decades in the law on certainly his Bush's lawyer in Texas and for years by House Council. And she makes her hell of a weaning. But her qualifications for the Supreme Court are not existing. She's not a brilliant jurist and he has never been a judge. She's not a scholar of the law. Researchers are hard pressed to dig up an opinion. She's not had a brilliant career in politics, the academy, the corporate world or public forum, where she not a friend of Bush and female, she never would have even been considered. What commended her to the White House in the phase of the hours that she has no paper trail. So far as one can see, this is Harriet Myers' principal qualification for the U.S. Supreme Court. What is depressing here is not what the nomination tells us of her, what what it tells us of the president who appointed her for and selecting her, Bush capitulated to the diversity among, was used a critical Supreme Court seat to reward a crony and revealed they lasted his item and gamed as a Senate and fierce combat to carry out his now suspect commitment to make the court a the image of Scully and Thomas God forbid and picking her a bush ran from a fight. The conservative movement has been had and not for the first time by prison by the name of Bush. See what I'm saying? So this here's fact, you can't know what's saying that these people were too extreme in the E.O. cons and now they're not a stream enough for him. Choosing Myers, the president passed over outstanding judges and proven constitutionless like Michael Luttagod before it circuit and Sam Toledo the third and if he couldn't take the from the first lady ahead of name a woman what was wrong with U.S. and political church Janice Rogers Brown puts a lot of ones in the E.O. Jones. What must these jurists think today about their president? How does Bush explain to his people, like Brown Owens and Jones were passed over for Myers? Where was Carl Roe of an oldest? He's so distracted by the Valorate Plain investigation. He couldn't want a president against what he'd be doing to his own reputation in coalition. Re-shapingly Supreme Court is an issue that unites Republicans and conservatives. And with his White House and party on the defensive for months over Cindy Sheen and Katrina Iraq and New Orleans, delay in first gas prices and immigration, here was the great opportunity to draw all together for a battle of philosophies by throwing the Gotland down to the left. Send him up the name of a ladigan declaring go ahead and do your worst we shall do our best. Do the Bushites not understand that conservative judges, one of those issues where the National majority is still with them. All in your dreams, Pat, what does it tell us that the White House and something heard of the party in presses putting up that Myers had no paper trail? What does that mean other than this, he's not a win-quest not a Borcus, Khalil or Atomas? Conservative cherished justices and judges who have paper trails. For that means that these women and men have articulated and defended their convictions. They've written in magazines and large journals about what's wrong with the courts and how to make it right. Far right. They've stood up to the pervading wins. They've argued for the Constitution as the firm and fixed document. The following father is wrote not something of wax. A paper trail was the mark of a lawyer, a scholar or a judge who has shared the action and passion of his or her time, taking a stand-by-great questions, accepted public abuse for our articulating convictions. Why is a judicial cipher like Harriet Myers to be preferred to a judicial conservative like Edith Jones? One reason, because the White House fears nominees with the paper trail will be rejected by the Senate, and this White House fears him of all else losing so it is chosen not to fight. Borcus had a chance for greatness and we make this a pre-incorded chance to succeed whereas Republican predecessors from Nixon to his father all failed. He instinctively recoiled from it. He blew it. His only hope now is that Harriet Myers has confirmed will not vote like the ladies she replaced her worst, like his father's choice who also had no paper trail David Souder, like Edith Jones to be a liberal. God forbid, we don't want no liberals packed away. So even the Papy Canon is a foaming at the mouth and bill crystal and Rush Limbaugh and the Anxious Sean Hannity. Father or not, like that. Because we didn't pick a Brown or at least a Hermongering Juni to be on there. Another Scalia God forbid. But you'll see, they'll tell the manipulator. First of all, number one, they'll probably get her through, you know, with flying colors. And number two, once she's confirmed, she'll get on her, no manipulator, just like Edith manipulator. I like Edith with Clarence Thomas, same thing. 622 votes on a poll. What's your take on the new Florida shoot him up, Laura? Maybe when it doubt, take him out. I love it. Can't wait to shoot somebody 157. Only crazy people could support this 164. Only in America, 112. I can't believe it's law 93. I'm out of here. Look how many voted for that. One change of thing 29. I supported 27. So most of our audience, that are in favor. They don't just support it. They want to start using it. But I'm going to give you to the right to go to the whole few people away. Let's go. I'm thinking it's not even the fourth already. One of them who are on Saturday, and it's Tuesday, I'll read it. How many people have you killed so far? I'm not third in man. Good job. It's still before noon though. Next, too. You're a lot of time. So if we verify that Moisturistician is at true, because that, well, I'm going to tell it is going to be a long line there, and then some people probably gates. If they're, if they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're having one of the gates in hell. Do we know? Crathas, Bill Gates are, I think it's called V Gates. This is New Roger. This is five of V Gates's help. Are you wounded? I get the day when someone does wrong, but we didn't take their drive. In Pearl Harbor, or when the jets drop their box, we found them back. And now the sonny is late in a sign. And on our cards are little flags, wait. At that sonny, who love and recharge points of honor, the wrong way. To support the rest of it. To  friends to the universe. And all are saying that, then you're in his way. Don't warn him, of it. And when I see and now I got mad. a formas. We always say, it's nice to care for you who neverOpen aash for you. So, I say, maybe they didn't hold my hand. Give us a... What's of you, thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the mess. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's like greatest country in the world. They train us to believe, and anyone who says that, obviously, it ends up for to be. And not in Paris to be in America, where we take three hours in police. Wave a flag and one has to win our head in the sense that, like, we follow the power that we have to say. Watch the state from you, who's on a 65-3, scratcher, five everything's okay. Let them be, like, two as a... Number 32 of five, 60, WQM, happy Tuesday to you. I'm probably taking at least three-four hundred calls between now and two. I'm sure I'm sure they'll find these people all whipped up about this new law. Five, six, seven, five, 60, because this is gonna send a message to them. Criminal's man is gonna make life a lot safer for all of us to this law-bied ones. I'll see what he calls on there though. I was just gonna roll it up a whole bunch. And now, when the delay keeps in, about what 15 minutes, what's the hear the invite man? And it'll be all over the place, like, stink on gray. I got a really good article later about it. It's gonna finally answer the Greg Weed dilemma. Like I said, it's a great article. Oh yeah, liars brains are not the same. Okay, this is from the BBC. This isn't a joke. This is about the white matter and the grey matter and your brain and about the liars have this thing. So like when you do the lobotomy, WQM, hello. That liar's level, you'll never... WQM, hello. And yeah, I'd like to change the subject from politics, a law for more employees, and mention, hear Augustine, you know, that is? No. The guy who goes crazy, derriarch, search up on the Googleman, KIARA, Augustine, the best. Yeah. And he puts the fun back in the chicken off, Neil. Great. Okay, let's, uh, the two... This will not be in front for me. 560, 0560, pound 560, leave a rise. Obviously he's been busy. And no question about that. WQM, hello. Pretty good. Let's say anybody brought up your Hampshire or what is gun thing? They brought up New Hampshire? Yeah, New Hampshire has open gun laws. And they have one of these... What if what does that mean open gun laws? They can dare a lot to carry without concealed weapons permit. And they have one of the smallest crimes crime rights in the country. Yeah, so what does that prove? Well, you just made the statement of, you know, it's going to be the criminals or it's going to be the criminals better watch out. The fact that I didn't say that, but you just said that because I was joking, I was being sarcastic about all that. But I had before. But not in here in a chicken car. But think about it isn't I'm not in, you know, I'm not a good lover or anything else like that. But statistically it does work and it works in your Hampshire anyway. Sir, let me say this to you, okay. The gun laws, and for example here, if you were saw going for Columbine, Michael Moore pointed off that they got like, I forgot how many made in the guns in Canada. And yet people aren't shooting each other, okay? They don't kill each other. But I didn't tell anyone. They just didn't, the people who have them and they're either attitude about them. And also in the case of Florida now, it's what the government says you shouldn't shouldn't be doing with them. You're a hoi, it affects your whole attitude about what the gun represents to you. Absolutely. I mean, you know, most of the guys that have guns are smaller guys that have been picked on other lives. There's no question about what they're doing. My short. You better watch it. Look at me. Don't even smell you, right, George? That's right. Good shot. WQAM. QAM. Why are we central? They're not by our eyes. Yeah, or he wants to see the other guy. He likes his voice. WQAM. Going once. Going twice. WQAM. Okay. Does he love me? I can get this, all the drivers are out. Because they can pull out a weapon. If somebody cuts you off and traffic, that's it. That's going to be a one thing. I'm not going to have to get myself a shotgun because I have to shoot the lead. 247 baby works every time. I'll never do it again. The governor will come down well and from the side of your voice, so the governor might not give you a medal, but, you know, consider the source. All right, but. They're going to like them dark folks. Thei is very nice job as a family innocent. They think they can actually be a family innocent. Unless. taste like he tells too much about his table and how did he tell? Is not because he's gone that for you. Oh, lift really? Well, I got it. George Bush doesn't care about Black T-T. George Bush doesn't care about Black people. George Bush doesn't care about Black T-T. That's right. They don't vote for him anyway. Just like James Baker, the turd said, we don't care about those Jews down there in Florida. They don't vote for us anyway. Back in the fixed election of 2000. Back when he was getting everything all finagle. Or now actually he said that back in 90 when Bush won was running. Those Jews down there don't vote for us anyway. Right. Of course they said it out of Florida in 2000 to help get to fixing with cancer in here and find out Governor. All of this stuff. And a public justice back. See one thing I'll say the American people now, unlike the revolutionary days, are the most passive people. And there are aggressive only in terms of the criminal. It's really aggressive. And of course, in terms of the way they use guns. I'll say it again. It wouldn't be a problem if everybody owned a gun if people were like civilized and they had respect for a human life for other people. But American Americans not the case. That's going for colabine again. Watch this statistics. And see how many gun murders there were in France in that year. And in England and in Germany and in Canada and all these other places were some civilized people live. And then take a look at the USA and then you know extrapolate the population. Like the thing he does about Windsor Ontario and Detroit. You know, I love when he interviews the police chief in Windsor and he says, I ever have any murders here. I said, oh, you know, I had one a few years ago. A few years ago. I've ever heard a such thing a few years ago. My ass, the American. And you see the reaction there have been here about the recent spate of gun murders that are going on in Toronto. You think that the sky was flying because the people just they don't want to live in that kind of environment. They don't put up with it. But in America, you just take it for granted. Like, all Jay, one other, you know, 10 people got shot and murdered over the weekend. Well, must not be in that bad of a weekend. Civilized people don't live this way. People have any value on human life, don't live this way. And that's why it's so easy to American people. So, I think people are so malleable now and all these statistics coming in 1944 dead soldiers in Iraq and of course we don't even count the civilians, the men women and little babies that are dying over there by the thousands. We don't even keep track of that because there's no premium on human life. It's as cheap as water. Yeah. What is there to say about it? It's pathetic. It's like cockroaches, man. Just step on another one. That's it. And yet, at the same time, oh, well, man has a soul. You know, when you ask, well, how come dogs don't go to have a dogs or wonderful noble creatures in the very, you know, lovable? Well, dogs are man is the only creature that God created with a soul. Well, and if that's the case, how come we have such so little of value on human life? Choose life and then go out and go one. I guess before you kill somebody, you got to choose which one, right? So choose a girl and you can kill it. Can't be too choose either. Not a Florida. Wow. Six hundred and sixty nine votes. We're going to be way over seven hundred at the top of the hour. I'm rush your shot in the list. Eat your heart out. Moichi, put it. This is new Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Oh, you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Strites' will convert any go if we're just ninety nine ninety five. That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates. Oh, Kim. Isha'lam. Malahe. Hatsha'lam. At Earl Strites' will convert anyone into a Jew. Malahe, Ken. Hatsha'lam. Tremble. Translated means sorry. I must have left my wallet at home. You know it. Me la'ke'e. Tamalaheem. Hatsha'lam. Translated means. Sturdist. Did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? Me ne'erak. Mahalaheem. Tamalaheem. Hatsha'lam. Tremble. Hatsha'lam. Translated. Yes, Rabbi. The check is in the mail. Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just ninety nine ninety five at Earl Strites' House. Now, I'm getting a free yardside candle for just ten dollars. Earl Strites' will convert any goi for just ninety nine ninety five or more if we can. Tamalaheem. How about let's put some read backwards for Christ's name. Anyway, this in response to this fact here, it says I'm sorry for bothering you who played in earlier, but in celebration of the Jewish New Year of the Jew year, guy who Earl Strites' and the song that starts the McQueen is Jewish. Could you believe it? The only problem that is I don't know what that is. It's called the whole world is Jewish, but I'm right. The only thing I have to hold word is I'm cut. Like a car man. Right, where the whole is that? I don't know. Trash of you McQueen is Jewish, could you believe it? Huh? I know we got it. It's somewhere it's much less. Exactly, I know we got it. Maybe it's not a cart. Oh, God. But I don't got it. By the way, I do have the whole world as I'm cut. I'm not sure we can play that. No, I'm not sure. But you've been knocking the Jews for Jesus for a long time. And I've been rethinking my whole religious position. Yeah, the sake of efficiency and benefits. Being a Jew for Jesus means you get to take all the holidays off. I've had some frills in my life. Two free bags was in sight tonight. Such books. I'll also say nobody lives in Ethan New Hampshire. Maybe that's why there is no crimes going on. I'm thrilled about my cars. Two quarterbacks and I'm hungry. I'm thrilled that my throat is a thrilling evening. When I finally found out. Louis McGell was on circumcised. Can you believe that? It's such a pile of crap. With a little flap. Carrey Bruce once was what could have been true. That's beautiful. I'm not going to press my lock. You're seeing that show press your lock? Yeah, I'm not pressing it. My press and pants. But I'm assuming I press my lock. Anyway, what do we got here? We don't want to get Jewish. 690 votes. 14 to the hours. So we got like no problem getting over 700 by noon. That's shocking, man. It is really something right on the wall. Mark it down. I see. What's this other piece of Joann says? My husband said this Supreme Court nominee looks like a boozer. Oh, well, hey. He hangs out with a president. He really is here. We should vote. We don't think our lucky star is here. Not many young healthy person. Yeah, she's 60 and maybe she's in. I could be around too long. And I could raise. Yeah, what should be around long enough though. I think tell them overturn the Rovi Wade. It's better all the history of the right wing. You'll see. She'll be an easy one to a mold and manipulate and shape. And then that song. Ben Lee shaped me by the who did that. Ben. Merkin. Merkin. Ben me. Who did that? Merkin. Merkin. Very right. I'm turning it off, man. I'm going to be a crap music. I mean, I know like a music from that era. I mean, after you get to 980, I know nothing. See, when you're in this business and used to be a district, right? There it is. Then we shaping force. It's on. When if you're playing music on the air, that's one thing. Now when I was in Zeta, I got to know music that I hated because the TV bulger was the PD and he had like the same 7 CCR records you want to play every day. I had a DJ country music. I don't know if you ever did. But I know I did not. And then you got to sound like you like it. Here comes weightling, Denny. They weigh in. They weigh in. They weigh in. And it makes me want to get on that time life website and start earning the great country hits. I do like Marty Robbins and Mike Pinkhoton sport carnation. It's about it. This is about like 5. 694. The votes are trickling at one at a time. Now you can post better get with it. If you like Taylor off on a pole right now, leave us hanging here. That's going to be really embarrassing. Anyway, this is from the Boston Globe. Let me say it again. Here we admire. She was heavily involved in Texas in the value of your Christian church. She was a really heavy duty going with this real right wing fundamentalist church who especially was that they administered to ex-games, which is code for she's in the closet. If I'm surprised she's in the Scientologist. They don't quite that well. And the ex-game movement is the same thing as the Scientology. It's a big closet. That's like the Catholic priesthood, same thing. Supreme Court nominee Harry and Myers went on record favoring equal civil rights for gaze when she ran for the Della City Council. And she said the city had a responsibility for aid education, patient services. But Myers opposed repeal of the Texas Sotomay Statue to low overturned in 2003 by the court on which she will sit if confirmed. And a survey she filled up for a gay rights group during your successful 1989 campaign. She opposed repeal of the Sotomay Statue. Almost makes me want to play that. In fact, the only one I'd like to best about that is just the first note. The first sour while we saw her. That's just, it's fancy angel dating by working in the regels. The survey by the lesbian gay coalition delus provides a hit of Myers thinking on homosexual rights issues that could come before the court. All she came to a coalition meeting to length of questions during the campaign. She said at the time she was not seeking its endorsement. These Supreme Court struck down the prohibition on consensual homosexual sex by six to three vote. Just a standard gay or condom of Myers is nominated for his vote over the majority. Myers answered yes to the survey question. Do you believe that gay men in lesbian should have the same civil rights as non-gay men and women? She answered no when asked whether she believed both had a citizen as an legislative legislature that criminalization of the privatization behavior of consenting it out lesbian's ingation would be taken out of the Texas criminal code. She said, Dallas had a responsibility in age education treatment and that she favored more money being spent in that area assuming need and resources and a part since in a third place. He's very ambiguous. She's all over the place. She's a rightful like she's a fetus hugger and you'll see it. I'll get her right in there and by the big magic. Speaking of religions and crazy people and priests and all you kids are out of school today because it's a Jew holiday. Let me say it again. Your parents, they may not be bad people but they've been brainwashed just to like their parents were before them and they've been conditioned to lie to you and tell you all these terrible things about the tooth fairy and about Santa Claus and all these are the boogie men of the bed and about the angel Jesus and Abraham and Solomon and Abraham. So they lie a lot. So just use your own brain and ask yourself, is any of this make any sense? Of course the obvious answer is no. So just tell them next time they want to shut your ass to show them, tell them, cut the horse and go out and get a leave or something like that. Go out and have a good time. Go get a hot pot Sunday. Judd says, priest likely killed two people in 2002. Too many didn't move to Florida. Look at it got him off. So to speak, a judge ruled yesterday that a Roman Catholic priest who hanged himself in December. He ever heard of a hung priest. Almost certainly killed two people out of here with home more than three years ago. Circus judge Eric Lundell's finding came in the case of reference Ryan Ererson who committed suicide after being questioned by police about the 2002 slaying. Oh my God. I conclude that Ryan Ererson probably committed a crimes in question. On Dels' 17 of a day long hearing on a scale of 1 to 10, I will consider it a 10. It is a very strong case of circumstantial evidence, the whole world of circumstantial. The testimony also established a possible motor for the slings. The funeral director suspected the priest was molesting children and planning to confront him in the day of the killings. How do you like that? The funeral director suspected the priest was molesting children and planning to confront him the day of the killings. The coincidence it sounds like to me. Then that sounds like he did confront him. After hearing a decontestify that Ererson confided that he shot at a funeral home director Dan O'Connell 39 and employed James Ellison 22. He tells me, I done it and they were going to catch me. I done it. This is in Wisconsin. Yet, I didn't think they spent a while Hudson was constant. Probably a bunch of red necks. He tells me, I done it. They were going to catch me. He can rustle on grintestify. They were going to catch me. They did learn all the little kids. Although Ererson cannot be charged, the victim's family is requested to hear into the term who is responsible for the killings. The so-called John Doe hearing is used only in a few states. Typically, as an investigative tool, the hearing was closed to the public, but some reporters were allowed to attend. The day the funeral director was killed. He asked school to a bus driver, Mary Paykel, if she had never seen the priest touch out in a properly and said he had a meeting with Ererson that afternoon paykel testified. Paykel said he would or Colonel Mop to meet the priest alone. She said he urged him to talk to police first. Then told me, I can handle it. Paykel said, well guess what, Dan, when he came, police would be the leader of Colonel Mop. Once in the heat, an Ellison was killed when he came to the office to see what happened. Ererson 31 was found hanged December 19 from a fire scape at the Mary's church in Hurley. Some days after he was questioned by police and did not have any involvement in the killings. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. The police was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. He was killed by the police. But the British Journal of Psychiatry said that we're likely to be more differences in the brains of liars. Participants were volunteers drawn from five temporary employment agencies in LA. Three separate groups were studied. The first consisted of 12 men and women with a history of being pathological liars. The second was 21 people who did not have a history of lying or anti-social behavior. The third group was 16 people and a social personality disorder but no history of pathological lying. They were studied to see if they showed the same brain makeup as liars. The researchers drew up list of criteria for lying, cheating in the receiving, including having such as calming people or behaving manipulatively and telling lies in order to obtain sickness benefits. They also assist how much gray and white matter people had in the pre-frietyal cortex areas of their brains using MRIs. Liars were found to have between 22 and 24 to 6 percent more white matter than either those with no history of lying were those in the anti-social group. The findings could not be explained by differences in age, ethnicity, IQ, head and gender or substance misuse. This is the first that issue of brain difference in people who lie to manipulate others of researchers. They said the study could not be searching areas such as people who have been illness. The findings are in line with previous studies which show children with autism are less capable of lying than other children. How do you like that? So it's in the brain and to be honest, we're going to be in every new great hand one. This is Neil Rogers. This is 568. You'll find word would put up with that. One moment please. Thank you very much. I'm sorry to hear you father and dad playing part cheesy as a mother. You're out playing with each other. And as a result, he's audio-bodied to Brooklyn when they say in China. You know, I'm sure there's more than that. Well, twice and one break. That's not a friday. Last year at the Royal QI engineering department of fine pieces of a foot of the baby audio-zone. This is going to be one of all day out to my own music here too. They have like doing them on music. Right? Oh yeah, that is spicy. Oh my gosh, it's a voice. Look up, we got it back. Oh. This is Dick Kiny. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the New Rogers 12th one hour. Okay. All right. Oh, being solid, all busy. Oh, being just so fast. Oh, being square nuts. The dog don't break the law. Each minute goes right at the close, which it walks that day. And every night it goes second and third. That day, that other week. Oh, up. Oh, being safe and casual. All of us don't come but they're so She's a happy guy And all of us don't play them all That's a new name Oh, my name, oh, my name Now we have a touch on it said we're all the other Kakarai It's 12.04.56WQA And I got my own music here My film is all right Cause I'm sure we're gonna be more than that Hello I love this Okay, alright Multi-bany ago Stand in there Stand in there Stand in there Here I was a crazy place at the land Rolling, oh my, oh my And that's one of my favorite scenes from the whole movie Oh yeah, I love it Anyway, we'll be a little godfather intensive Cause we're sure the audio of all's gonna trap out again Over and over and over and over again Now is anybody like addressing this situation I don't want to be a comedian Yeah, and we are working on it right now George, of course, we're addressing our voice Of course it was in there Well, if we don't have fixed it if we Well, all the way to the top to George course So this must be some serious business Cause it was just like your play-in-roll Prodestion problem we probably have fixed it in there Diddle and around you know what I big screwdriver Well, that was these things You said that big dragon is screwdriver I never thought that pocket Oh, I say, he never showed me his screwdriver Oh, he had a huge one 729 votes on the pole What's your take? Gladly money money read it I want to keep reading it because what's the use you know It's like banging your head against the wall So I thought of these people lot all this religious all these bubble micees Let's get a whole bunch of calls in between Now and while the phones still work in the same way 567, 0560 and pound by 60 and a Verizon And singular wireless lines I'm so proud of my little studio here by the way I'm so proud of it WQA and hello Hey, now what's going on? How you doing sir? Hey, hey, I got a ask you a question What about the blomster? What about half a duel? Yeah, he's still on the air anymore I'm not that I know of I think probably went back to the cornfields in the Iowa who now knows He just like your pure hour cars Yeah, always still we still have the blomster I mean, we got him, you know, we got him doing But, but, but, but, but I guess the only one would stay Oh, he's out Yeah, we had a month This is my son He's having a good work What? Christ has network Moving network Yeah It's not TV like a couple weeks ago Christopher Reeves What is up with that Suhi's wearing That's like 80s How many of you do this is on Christopher Reeves Christopher Reeves isn't in network So what movie is he having with Broadway Oh, but I don't know what he's thinking about Oh That one is network with Christopher Reeves No, you're not going to go in about that movie The George was telling me yesterday What was it? The broadcast there was a broadcast Were you asking about my cause? I was like, oh yeah That was it for my cause of news There you go Okay, I'm going to bring the outpiling. I get it all straight. Christopher, even though we're even Josh knows that Chris of River now, I might have been after you fell asleep in that part. There's candy cowley, by the way, fills up my whole screen. Current case. And I look at that. She is just a monstrous and a news broadcasting industry, Angie, can't think cowley. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Oh my God. Please, please. I think you're coloring months on this show. And you. No, my baby is on. How can I be? Okay. Trick me, sound me. What are you going to say about your radio on a 10-year delay? If you give up that. Yeah. You got to do this. You got to have a single night or like a single thing on your website for like women who want to meet men. What? Would you do it? I don't only want to date somebody who listens to you. No, I'm listening to you for 20 years. Yeah, even listen to me. I'm listening to you. I mean, you heard these cars and you wanted to date one of them? Yeah, no, not chance. Yeah. You know, would you do it? No. Okay, fine. See you. Would you do it? No, okay. At least you were short and sweet. Right. We're talking about the her adultery section for the website. We're not going to be doing. I can't. No more dating shows. There was a long time ago. We're not going to like take our lives in our hands and start with this internet dating. Who knows, Miss Kamal might even show up back in town again if we start that crap. You might think you're going out with a real gun. I might turn out to be Miss Kamal. I don't think she's going to be on the outside the anytime soon. How many QA in? Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you today? Pretty good, pal. I'm just wondering, George, if you saw the family guy on sensor DVD. Yes. Oh, it. It's stuck. Yes. Thought it was very funny and sort of as everybody else I know. Well, all the shows are funny. I mean, that's a real, that's my favorite show. But I thought it was going to be on send in crazy. I didn't. Oh, you want to go with it? Wanted nudity? Yeah, make it. I'll draw your picture. I'll draw your picture. I'll let it lay me. Go find some naked real women. Okay, forget about animated. Well, maybe that's the best you can do. Yeah. I just never was really all that excited about Park Hard nudity for now. Yeah. Oh, really, I did it. Please. 739 votes on the poll. Okay, can't say on the poll right after they call because Joyce will get all been out of shape. What's your take on the new Florida shoot them up, law, baby? Let's take them out. Let's take them out. 739 votes. Only crazy people could support just 1096. I love it. Can't wait to shoot somebody. One is six. I'm just working QAM. Only in America, 126. Can't believe it's law 114. Won't change a thing 42. I support it 39. I'm out of here 25. I'm already out of there. Thank God for that boy. I'm kissing me ground. I'm kissing me ground. I'm kissing me ground. Kissing me. Huh? Didn't sound like the ground. Do I look prussed me. High court. Let's stand no Bible ruling. Too many faithful readers. The Bible is a timeless source of inspiration. By the way, all your kids are going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. I'm going to be in the middle of the world. That's stuff you do that really. I'm going to give you the best. I beg your pardon. That's it. When made. I get up and ready things. Sometimes right now, I do this to the right. The race. Again if... play in the American American justice system. I can't stand the way he says that. You know, I know you like him and he who build build Curtis. I know that. It's on American justice. You know, he's on A and E. He's almost every show they go. Oh, I don't have an opinion about it. Yeah, you do. You are. You do me that one time. I thought he he's good. He's got a great voice. But he's like, oh, all from elementary to middle. I'm not a con just as I just work for. I handle him. He just drives me nuts. The case raises fundamental questions about blood roll if any religious face should play me. A medical justice system. I refuse to take a die. Coral leaves in place. A patrofair conflicting rulings by state and federal judges across the country of what to do by bibles in the jury room. When it does throw them out. Okay. Clash them down the turlet. In addition to Colorado, the Supreme Court of Kentucky, Oklahoma and Tennessee, suggest Bobbi used to enumerations undermines the defendants right to a fair trial. That is shocking, isn't it? I love it, though. In those states, Kentucky, Oklahoma and Tennessee, the Supreme Court of those states suggest Bobbi used to enumerations undermines the defendants right to a fair trial. I say, hallelujah. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. A couple of things. First of all, I don't have time. Bobbi, sorry. We love you. The central issue in Colorado versus Trailer was whether a jurist citation of two Bible passages to fellow jurors undermined the defendants. Sixth Amendment right to a fair trial. Jurors are routinely told throughout a trial that through the basic operations in the case solely upon the evidence presented in court and the judges instructions on the applicable law. The applicable law. They repeatedly caution to avoid news coverage of the case that might include details about the crime or the defendant that the judges decided to exclude from the jurist consideration. But the jurors and Mr. Holland's trial were also told by the judge that it was there job to make an individual moral assessment that death is the appropriate punishment rather than life and prison. For many individuals, I got to interrupt this and do the brave. I don't want to let short changes. So this is heavy duty, stuff, man. It's about all these fairy tales, all these religions, all these Bible thumbfers, all these crazy dangerous people. Besides, we don't know how long the break is going to take. Well, that case. I think it's going to work this time. I have a kind of campaign. I need to. Okay, the case is so. What do they call this thing? It's a lot of people. They sort of want to, I find a court-leaning court-leaning man. And you know what Lucas said? He said you were a reall-leaning. If you came to the court-leaning, but it's just found over. Oh, look, we'll see. Let's see. Paul ain't no more. I think about when Clemenza got out of the car. In fact, he created a new river in the New York. He took such a big leak. That was shocking. 12-13 president. We want to back, Bob. Let's think about right now. George, we want Bob. Yeah. No more bubble micees. We want Bob or Clinton back. Now, he can even bring monarchy in there for a little oral amusement. Hey, my friends at Dalama, if you're just having unbelievable offer for you right now, when you call 100, my friends, you can get a free-tank of gas. A free-tank of gas. Take a full amount of any gas received off your next mattress. Up to 10% of your purchase. So in other words, if you spend 50 bucks at the pump, take 50 bucks off any purchase of $500 and more. 50 bucks was said about four gallons. Right. And you'll save more guys by skipping the list. Let's see how this Columbus Day weekend. If the province throws rather so-called mattress stores double the price, and then offer you a half-off or kind of a deal is that. It's just the airzots. It's make believe. So call 1-800 mattress and get the best deal. Choose from the complete line of ceiling, surdu, Simmons King Crow, Trevor Piedick, and Stearns and Banana Sposter. When you call 1-800 mattress, you still pick the day in time for delivery with an A2R window. Seven days a week from 8 in the morning, till 10 in night, even Columbus Day, and they show up on time. So don't waste time in my drive and running shopping for a mattress. Do the smart thing. I've been doing it for years and the other folks at QM are catching on out too. Just call 1-800 mattress, a log out of mattress.com for the easiest pieces shopping you could ever do. And keep in mind, a portion of every purchase goes through between her king-country and relief. Call dial mattress today. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Revolved the last S because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-A-S. Sam's for nothing. How are you doing? Good. I'm really good. Obviously you have your amply endowed. We'll get to that. Please do the fount. Not in a good route. Let's go to some calls. New Orleans, Louisiana, hello. Stig up, go ahead. Hello. Tarzanna, California, hello. Hi, Larry. Hi. Pam, do you know how to read? No. This is Neil. It's sad. I've never read a book. Windsor on Zaryah, hello. Pam, I know you asked your fans not to eat at KFC because it's cruel to chicken. Yeah. But isn't it true you're also asking them not to drink<|es|>. Because it's cruel to alligator? Yes. Um, why? Why? Yeah. I don't like where it comes from. I don't like the cruelty that's involved in this. It's just flattering. It's just, it's so inhumane how they handled our animals. Thank you. Thank you. It seems to have nice heaven you would. Ah. Pamela Anderson, a little joke there. Very little. Seventh season. We're going to get to about 800 by the bottom of the aisle. We're going to make a thousand of ours. I think I'm a small, I can feel it. Small season. We're coming to mind when you're almost not following me. I'm not following me. I'm not following me. I'm not following me. So as my imagination, I'm sure that George Corse of the Fabulous job in fixing that audio vault. But it sounded like muff and the first spot there was like in the warlands. We did the same thing. We're having a conversation about that. That sounded really funky that first spot. And if I was okay, why? We're playing the spot set of the main studio right now. So you said that it was thickest. Well, they're fixing it. That's why we've been having our issues. I see. Right. To hang our issues. Anyway, again, back to this very important story about the Bible and all these other fairy tales on a junior day. But the jurors in Mr. Harland Trail were also told by the judge that it was there to make an individual moral assessment that death is the appropriate punishment. The rather than life in prison. For many individuals making such a moral assessment involves deeply held beliefs about right and wrong. That touch our matters of religious faith. Religious faith. Oh my God. If jurors are permitted, even encouraged to use their religious places. A basis to reach a verdict in the death penalty case. Prosecutors in the Harlem case asked why would consultation with a religious person. The consultation with a religious text automatically invalidate that approach. The Bible episode arose after a long day of deliberations into the Harlem case. One juror in particular said he was reluctant to support a death sentence because it clashed with his faith. The jurors first name. He zoos. Oh, he zoos. That night several of these sequestered jurors consulted bybles in their hotel room seeking passages to counter the jurors' concerns. The following day, at least one of the jurors brought a Bible to the deliberations to share her research with other members of the jury. The juror quoted Leviticus 242021, which reads in part, I for an eye to for a truth he that tells the man he shall be put to death. All this is that loving compassionate goddess is be sure and cure all their enemies and don't miss any of them. The jurors also pointed the Romans 131. Let every soul be subject to the governing authorities, but there is no authority except from God. And the authorities that exist are put in by. They will come. By noon that second day, the juror returned a unanimous verdict of death. But here in Ask God, and actually he's going to say, kill him. Tell us on a bit, right? Right, aren't. The district judge of the Vertorland's death sentence said the jurors in property where we lied on a biblical code to dictate their verdict. In fact, the Bible became a 13th juror in the deliberations. Jury resort to biblical biblical code has no place in a constitutional death penalty proceeding the judge said. And he of course is. Absolutely correct. In a three to two decision, the Colorado Supreme Court agreed, that using a Bible injury room during deliberations undermines a capital defendants right to refer to a trial. Don quick, used to drive a Jackson raceway, by the way. Don quick district attorney in Bretton, Colorado says in his U.S. Supreme Court brief that their Colorado high-core ruling means that the mere presence of a Bible during death penalty deliberations automatically prevents a fair decision. Most of the quick says the correct question should be whether the Bible exerted any improper influence upon the jurors. The evidence attorney chief of public deputy public defender Kathleen Lord, my sweet Lord, this agrees with quick assessment. This is not a case involving the mere presence of a Bible during deliberations he says in the brief, rather the district court made extensive findings as the jurors actually use of mandatory death penalty passages from the Bible during deliberations. When questioned under oath and a postural hearing the jurors denied that the Bible passages dictated their deliberations inverted, the judge rejected their testimony is not being credible noting the script and sees them on the very jurors account today. The judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge said the judge yeah that's Mohsen in being sir liked most that's like the be-esyllis five six-co Phil thing don't confident that's all out and said that injustice line there they call every claim thss Statistics a was wrong, it wasn't a remake, I was confusedly, gravely, remake, like I was confused, middle street, put them close, but I was close. WDQA, I'm hello. I saw Jesus, I saw him. A lot of Lionel paid charge with breaking his jail cell door. Poor Lionel man, he is having real problems. Yeah, it's just bad luck. Lionel paid the youngest child in modern U.S. history to be sentenced to life in prison as another worry on his back now. The 18-year-old man is facing a man, man, my ass. No, the 18-year-old, Broward man is facing a secondary misdemeanor charge for allegedly breaking his glass on his jail cell door. But it's Lionel's got serious problems. I think Mommy ought to be like in there with him, right? She's still FHP in it. Yeah, thanks so. As it stands, Tate is already facing a potential life sentence and connection with his arrest after a domino's pizza lover man was held up in May. Acting circuit judge Joel Asv is expected in your evidence on a case October 14. Tate was 12 years old when he fatally beat a 6-year-old playmate Tiffany Unic in his pegrin park home in 1999. And appeals correlated reverse the conviction site of concerns about what the Tate understood illegal proceedings. He served three years in juvenile detention was released on probation January 2004 in November. Determined that Tate and Violated in terms of probation, the BS deputies found him in a park about 2-30 in the morning with a knife. Lans are a lot of them to go free, tacked on an extra five years to ascend your probation. If you did a clear warning that he would have zero tolerance for any future violations, and addition to the pizza whole of up case, Tate must now answer charges related to this more recent incident. On August 25, Tate was kicking and banging on his jail cell door, then through a hard-pasted box at the glass, shattering it, BS folks from Jim Layton all said this morning. And found guilty on the charging face of maximum 60 days in prison could be found up to 500 bucks. When you're on probation for murderers, supposed to be haibier self-laid, all said any kind of violation law can send you to prison for the rest of your life. You dummy, you quiz when you do fair, come on get with it, Lionel. I'll go I do like his train sets. Yeah, they're done. They're a lot of fun. 27 pass no. We got the mole mice to retool today. The boys of the domestic boys. So, the boys of the domestic. Something. Two to four. Mad dog of four. Kim Bo Kampward 7 because he's not Jewish. And then Kampward, who is a 10 o'clock tonight? Eddie Donkier with all the gambling he's done. He's going to burn in hell anyway, right? No doubt. American residential lending wants to make your life a little bit easier with over 20 years experience a RL offers custom loan programs and future situation. Whether it's the wife nagging you to remodel the kitchen or you're looking to put a pool of the backyard or just looking to wipe out mountains and mountains of credit card debt. American residential lending can get it done for you. So, Carl Nelson, you're core at American residential lending. They got more than two decades experience in the mortgage business. And I just want to more than 100 wholesale lenders. A RL can cut your core mortgage payment. 5,500 bucks. Hathalie refinancing generates some quick cash or even do a home equity loan for you. And they do it with personalized service and a program that is made for you. And when you close alone with these folks, they'll give you a free seven day cure of being cruise to help you celebrate. You can't beat this anywhere. So, Carl American residential lending today at 866 move A RL. That's one. 866. 666. 3275. We sure entailed that old meal toward an account. 666. This is Neil Rogers. 666. This is 566. 666. It's that. Work like a charm. Good. Oh yeah. Welcome from Carl Prokex's way. We did tar on my de-ball. They died in the way. We had a virus. Passed with a people. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Well. Oh. Oh. We want no bad relation, bad way to gather people nice Because with no hesitation, stay loved to take off by The long-forve love case, and the game was such a shame The boosted mendestation wants to stop for say, create That's a hell of a form of shame Save the song, save the song, really tough To the wind of the rain, the practice, bad end No, no, with you and the no cover, yeah I say, oh, best, best, here's the coat of land Just strong gums, we might just regret To the wind of the rain, yeah To the wind of the rain, yeah To the wind of the rain, yeah To the wind of the rain, yeah To the wind of the rain, yeah To the wind of the rain, yeah Can we get the message? Something between 20 show to one, any you punks about If there anybody says, hey, why not sign up and join a military And one answer, you say appropriate one, two liter words No, we're easy, and most languages, same thing, nine, nay Friendly spirit sheds all in support of hurricane relief Oh, right U.S. Pope Princess, Friendly spirit is giving her all The help victims of hurricane Katrina In the state of Mississippi, even one of her bras The eBay auction site be showing The 23 year old, let me ask you if you had Brittany spirit's bra Would you sniff it? Hopefully, what? I don't want it There are a lot of guys like that, man, they like sniffing panties and underwear I know, I don't know, yeah, her bra, just sniff it or anything else Would you sell it? Okay The 23 year old former teen queen, fan par of provocative state job If it's his donated a treasure trove of a person Lidham is including a two piece sofa of bikini And a jewel and crescent brosier, a jewel and crescent brosier To be auctioned off to help victims But I would be a giant, you pay pretty penny for it No, I'm good Pony? How about an ugly penny? The white stone undergarment, we're about the singing and one And by the way, the spot breaks are the level is so low This last break that I was like, I was on the North Pole And you were on Uranus, I mean just a million miles away What's with that? What up with that? Well, no worries, it's not on the air like that Oh, some of the words if I can't hear it, it does make any difference That would you try to say? Meaning like I had to turn the return on the spring It's not on the air to rinse the return on your five minutes And then you hear what it means It's just because I can't hear it The white stone undergarment, we're about the singer One of her music videos, sports a variety of sizes of round white stones And silver tone beads, and this intricately designed bra Queen online auctioner eBay It's an intricately designed bra It's got spaces for like four bullies in there The sparkling bra, which has already garnered offers up to six hundred ten bucks And the online auction that began on Saturday Will end the last week Sports a broken link in the centerpiece connecting its cuffs And there were a lot of them A broken link A 2P6, this is so ass and I'm not saying It's all it is the last ever and the then Jesus on the Virgin Mary on that sandwich And how much did they get for that thousands, right? 30 grand or something? Something is going on A 2P6, so full owned by Spirits is also on a block With $560 and been so far With an oversized day bed not seeing up to a 390 bucks so far A white 2P swim suit once worn by the shape of the singer Spirits is up to 320 bucks only 324 or swim suit I thought that would be like getting the big bucks Of course I forget loud those heavy breathing people they just can't afford Other items include shoes hats and maybe Bill Arrallio by a for you Shoes hats hand bags, t-shirt jewelry, a pair of red jeans and a set of barstools Or set of red knees stools Proceeds from the civil go they missed a severe cane recovery fund Which on Saturday stage the concert and miss a city to better pick them to the storm of Starky odi odi Spirits lies month gave birth to her first baby with a very obnoxious and extremely ugly husband Kevin Feederline He is grotesque man. He be bad. He must have something that don't need the eye of that Yeah, 820 votes. We're gonna make a thousand or guess what we're taking the rest of the week off. How do you like that? Then ultimately to or what? We're either gonna get a thousand votes by 2 O'clock or we're out of here. We're van moisten for a while Young women speaking of Brittany. This is kind of like a little segway here young women lead the way in turning down sex tab Who says a new us survey all these surveys man never wonder about all these different organizations and all these surveys And who know all these people are what are wasting their and who else paying for all this crap probably off Young women are leading the way in turning down sexual tabloys North America where teenagers are having more sex at the younger age than their parents and grandparents A newster assure us a survey show right free-wheeling young women in the US and Canada First have intercourse at the age of 15 part take more in oral sex than previous generations and our far less prudish according to a landmark to report by researchers And California San Diego State University between 1943 and 99 the if age of 1 in a course drop 15 to 15 from 19 for females While the percentage of sexual act of young women rose to 47 percent from just 13 percent in 1943 a point of the state that appears in most recent issue of review of general psychology of century we'd every month religiously all the time Feemings of sexual guilt plummeted especially among young women Attitude toward primordial sex became dramatically more liberal over the same period the analysis of 530 studies spawning five decades and following more than a quarter million on people be saying over the same 56 year period approval primordial sex increased From 12 percent to 73 percent among young women while the figure rose from 40 percent to 79 percent among young men according to study There's a 6 percent misnare and of course there haven't primordial sex with each other The change in young women's beliefs about primarital sex was enormous that gene 20 as in 20 imagine Pying it a Friday a psychology professor in San Diego state a state who calls it report with broke wells of city and University near one of she's a kind of Jennifer Wells or maybe or some else or maybe Chris Wells their oil wells Calcer relinquents was so much stronger for women that add then men and that was true across behaviors and attitudes that parents have also an influence She said about the report that tracked baby boomers generation X and the correct generation young people whom 20 calls generation me You know me They say reveal that the massive cultural revolution that's right North America in the past 30 years I've heard man that contributed dramatically to the shift as movies and television shows tackle formerly time boot topic such as teenage pregnancy Abortion sexually transmitted diseases and rape this shift a more level sexual identity in behaviors Collided in the sexual revolution has dramatically altered American culture especially for women reports said the baby boomers of the 50s and 60s began having sex with the first time in college While the answers today having sex with the first time in high school is been a major shift there trying said the while there baby We're at ancestors we're having less sex with more people young people now face with an AIDS epidemic have more sex with fewer partners report indicated more sex fewer partners More taste less to fill them these sexual revolution is met that sexual practice This is that we're frequently we've viled by earlier generations especially oral sex were becoming far more acceptable and widespread Like my mother once said to me are all sex can you imagine the percentage of teen A and then she looked at me said oh, I'm sorry The percentage of teenagers young adults having oral sex increased from 48 percent and 69 to 72 percent 92 among young men and from 42 percent The 71 percent 93 among young women 71 percent of young women 19 how do you like that oral sex has become so popular and previously Generation was considered disgusting now young people see this in other way being sexual funny said It's also part of the general friend of sexual behavior moving away from marriage and reproduction and toward pleasure Oh, he missed it pleasure. What are disgusting thoughts for all going to burn and hell? No, let's think about that. Pleasure my ass 19 till one That's what they'll said this morning you're fairly 19 to one at five 60 then that's when Josh ran out of the room I think you were out taking number of four at that point 835 votes on the pole look at that We are gonna make a thousand just like slide off a rock when you're shopping for shoes You know what it's all about you looking for a great deal looking for comfort and fit in a good price So do this Martin get over to Brandy's shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of name brand shoes Not off-brands anybody ever heard of before Brandy's carries a humongous unmeasable selection of all the top brands major brands Invest in the business like rock port floor shine echo new balance Muffisto SES on lot more to and Brandy's professional Schupheters. I'm sure you've got a customized perfect video your favorite comfort you every time just ask for Arnie he'll take care of you And if Brandy's chances are you'll never hear no, we don't have that style in your size Whatever you like whatever style appeals to you. It's on the shelf. We're gonna slap on your fan feet right now The pros and Brandy's understand fit and comfort they specialize even in wide widths as well And don't forget Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit value and selection Always think of Brandy's shoes. There are 12. 90 North double high wind pop at Obeets open daily Monday through Saturday So nine Sundays till five and right now it's a great time to buy S a S at Brandy's this week because all great men's and women's styles are 20 30 Or $40 off suggested retail prices So be sure to get your ass in the brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes.com Luli I don't like it with the line. I said mommy I feel a lot less like they were in the ramen. Yeah, I haven't felt this sad Since they just couldn't give you a cab It's worth the money in the betty and they took her nowhere They put the live in the betty but it doesn't taste the same I used to do everything bet you with my team Wait whish my lips and then I would cupboard his body notice Maybe Josh The I mean, guys, I can not find the movie for it. Sometimes I wish I would be crazy. I wish I would be crazy. I wish I would be crazy. I wish I would be crazy. I wish I would be crazy. Don't want to step on that. No, it's too good. 1247 and 560WQJAM. Now, you're probably a big pit bull fan. I'm not talking about dogs. I'm talking about rap music. Oh, yeah, it's my boy. Well, I got a good news for you. All right. The bull fans may have a new CD to put on their dear send list. This upcoming holiday season. How do you like that? All right. A Miami judges fund that slip and slide records can release an album of the Cuban American rappers old tracks. That is currently a new CDT record sought to block. Okay, so I'll double the same. Oh. Okay. In a 26 page of Penny, US District Court judge, a magistrate Stephen Brown said, Miami based slip and slide has the right to issue the LP. Welcome to 305 as long as it fixes a sticker to its stating, contains previously unreleased material. We couldn't be happy or said slip and slide attorney, Richard C Wolf, we think the judge absolutely understood this case. Absolutely. Brown's opinion is a recommendation that goes to a US District Court judge, will either accept an issue of fine order against TBT or hold a new hearing if he feels they might just rate error in the report, the error in the or. Or magistrate recommendations are usually accepted by the overseeing judge nevertheless, TBT lawyers and they plan to file objections to Brown's report a bit over turn it. They preliminary report recommendation by the magistrates is only that a recommendation out of final decisions that run a charter TBT's lawyer. New York based TBT records wrote Brown wrongfully interfered with slip and slide's business last spring when it's in dozens of letters to the distributor saying that the album schedule for May release was illegally recorded. Legal wrangling aside, we believe pitiful fans won't find any real enjoyment from these abandoned unfinished demos, which to us sound like snippets of old performances were cut and paste it on the new beats, without pitch creative involvement cooperation or approval. Slip and slide had 100 and 3000 orders worth some 800 grant for the album, which contains songs pitiful, aka our mind of pattern as we couldn't 2001 when he was an unknown. How do you like that? I mean, is he alive? Is he dead? Is he alive? He's alive? It's just here that like couple months ago. Brown also moved to the fact that pitiful himself and not boys in the opinion in the case, the court finds extremely significant the fact the artist himself is not a part of this lawsuit and the lack of any evidence that he's expressed any negative feeling for the release of 305. We'll have said slip and slide may not have enough time to get the album to stress for the holiday season, and that event will label we'll be back in court asking TBT for some $4 million damages for law still. Who the hell would buy that crap? I mean, that's really good stuff, you know? That's my favorite. Come on, you can do it. As you call the Terrent Teller, is that today's? Okay, that's all right. Does that sound right? Terrent, I don't know what it is. It's just a lot of fun. It's a bad game all the time. 860 votes and I've pulled man. We may have close to 900 by the end of the year, 12 o'clock hour. This is staggering on Roch Hashona, no less. Roch Hashona on the juire. By Roch Hashona tonight, it's all a bunch of crap. Okay, that's bottom line. All of this. The Muslims, the Jews, the Christians, the Buddhists, the Hindus. It's all the same swirl. Okay, it's all a bunch of it's a waste of your time. Life is short and joyed. Okay, don't waste your time debating over other God. Lord said, they're saying don't waste your time. Don't don't dignify morons by a young man. What do you say? It's a waste of time. Oh, I think I just said that. All right, pointless. Gordon is tough as the Japanese are. I'm sure your daughter learned that when she was over there. That's right, whatever favorite dishes. Media, media everywhere. No time less to think. The average American is a ravenous media junkie consuming up to nine hours a day at television, a web time or cell phone minutes, according to new research, which raises fresh questions about how technology is revolutionizing society, aka the Domingue of America man, are they doing a fantastic job? From iPods filling commuters ears, the screens scrolling headlines in the elevator work to proliferating on the move tools like cell phones and blackberry handles. And I said again, my flag for is one of the best investments I've ever made my life. All right, media is everywhere in the United States, like much of the rest of the developed world. And his information technology marches on and search engine giant Google even raises the prospect of free wireless internet across for access for whole cities. Media and all its forms is almost impossible to escape. You know, they're suggesting the whole city of San Francisco is going to go access for free. That sounds kind of gay to me. What does this mean for society said professor Bob Pappert, co-author of a study at Ball State University in Indiana, which started mass media use by Americans. I'm a Pappert Europe pepper. There has been plenty of speculation on the impact on the daily life of a fast expanding media. One theory for instance has it that as people become more and more connected electronically, they're becoming less and less connected personally. All boy, some experts question whether as consumers are swamped by information, they lose the ability to decipher facts for more or find it hard to think through what they hear. There's swamped there overwhelmed with information, with misinformation, with propaganda. And the academic research has yet to prove where this proves that Steve is said, Pappert, who's launching a series of companions that is including one probing why people are spending so much time online on the cell phone and watching TV and how the personalities are affected. The average person spends about nine hours a day using some type of media, which is arguably an accessible thing we've envisioned ten years ago he told AFP. Now he doesn't mention anything about radio on here. Right. What's that? I don't know. Something people used to listen to. The Ball State Survey found that while television was still the most dominant media device used by the average American computers, we're catching up fast. You bet. You bet. When he comes back tomorrow, you give him an ultimatum. You tell me the research used in that computer is, or we're going to give him what for. We're going to take away that salami sandwich on your own kipper. When we combine time spent on the web using email instead messaging and saw for such as word processing, they computer clicks is all of the media with a single exception television paper said. I mean like that, computer is number two right behind the old TV. That's incredible to me. It is. Get with it. Get with it. Old spotty ready. The Ball State Study Parsley confirms findings of a major look in the growing internet use among Americans, published in January this year by the Pew Internet and American Life Project. On a typical day at the end of 2004, 70 million Americans went online to use email. Get news, find health and medical information, book travel or countless other activities, a figure 37% higher than four years before the survey found. That figure looks set to grow as new low cost technology spread to benefits of the worldwide web. The social group so far could out of the information revolution. Google is announced a proposal for free wireless internet access for the entire city of San Francisco and a new project from MIT and visit you as a hundred dollar laptop to be handed out first to Portrait and Development countries. Not in Cuba though, not in China. Like China needs our computers. No, not the day they, well, I mean what I'm saying is that they aren't going to be able to access the internet. Oh, great. So whatever the Chinese government lets them, let's see what I'm saying as I say, Carmi. Now let me ask you in Cuba today, did they allow computers? How about you? What do you mean you better get with an account Mr. and have a little no speaking place seminar. He said they're in a while either. Yeah, he's never been there. Yeah, that's where. You know, so that never be like me giving you a son and it's about Israel. You know, what do I care about Israel? Am I going there? No. Have I ever been there? No. Do I have any desire to go there? No. No. I'd go there and eat cheeseburgers just to piss them off as well. I would do that. I would just put a whole bunch of, yeah. I can't keep it. I need to bring some bacon if I wait on our liberal opens. We ever find out on that? No. The mudway, the Ball State study among 400 people in last few months, Channing, charting five thousand hours of being used track 50 different media and gadgets including TV. Books magazine cell phones. The internet instant messaging and email. You know, it's again, no radio. That's great. I told you radio was done then and it was on top of that or what? Yep. Radio is finito, baby. Toss it in the turtle along with that Bible. Among the most interesting conclusions with that 30 percent. But, third man. With me, the time has spent on one or more device as people perhaps have an eye on the latest reality show on TV while shuffling through their email. See that? I see it. Another surprising fight is that 18 to 24 year old spend less time online than any other age group. Except for the over 65s giving the light of the idea that young adults are the most computer-literate. That's that all of the food. There would be a good way. Oh, well, Josh is online and he's busy getting latest what? You can do both. Yeah, you can do the same time. There we go. If media usage increases on Fridays based on the assumption that people are planning social activities, then this will be potentially the best day to advertise movies, Rick and Food Specials, other products, and Matt Mike Blocksham, never the ball station research thing. You know, one of the little schooling balls state. That sounds really gay to me. And it balls up. Oh, come on. Balls out. Balls act. Eight hundred and seventy eight votes on a poll at 1256. We are kicking some serious big bad pimple as here on this very important day. Two of the October 4th. The day the live in the infamy won't it? But we're hot toots. But we're pretty hot, Gothen. You know what that means? And he says George have another drink. We're not talking about you. We're talking about you. I'll start right there. When I'd be something if he and the, in the what's your name? What is her name? Harriet Perry. It's a Myers. If they were like, booze buddies, that would be good. The sheriff lost. Yeah, the booze pals. Hey, if you find yourself looking in the mirror, you're ready to take a stiff drink when you see the image in there because your hair is vanished and you got that big shiny ugly balls spot. A lot of people would like to send you some silly moussey looking piece to put on your head. Don't do it. People laughed their ass off at you. Some people want to send you those dangerous pills. Forget about it. They might even kill you. If you want a great looking at it, he'll do with so many guys have done for over 30 years now. But, sir demand. And it is go see my good buddy Chuck Alphi or he's been helping the famous and the infamous look. They're best for a very long time. And you wouldn't recognize his work when you see it because it doesn't look like a piece like a muskhead. It looks like real hair. The most critical area of any her system is that hairline and Charlie's skin-like hair system. The natural hairline system is 100% undetectable. Looks like the hair is growing out of your scalp like real hair as opposed to the other crap. I have to do. Here's how it works. Charlie's system is completely guaranteed. You tried for 30 days. Not 30 men. After a month of you don't love the way. It looks in pills and smells. If you're not getting laid at least 90, 100 times a day, return it for a full refund. Make the call today 1-800-321-2413. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the new Roger Showgear special. QAM 200 out of this cut off the regular $800 price of that natural hairline system. Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Like a real mench. Call 1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web. Check them out at CharlesAlphiere.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. It's 1-2 hour. It's 1-2 hour. It's 1-4 hour. It's 1-4 hour. It's 1-4 hour. Five minutes. Charlie is always always. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go! I'm gonna go! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Okay, okay what about you, what about's the Fire Ha! Oh! What 0.5, 6,Bu5, no more, must be along, sounds gdone. And 2, 7, Gdone ,and is rotten, they've you to my night pants is hosting the land of trashers season opener seven o'clock pregame six thirty dual-go-job guilty or else now you send me two faxes what about the blank page oh well that's something that had it the one that says in the bottom lot of the IMP something rather than what is that what was on that that's that black over here it's also the first day of Ramadan could you play the I know it's just a perfect it's also the first day of Ramadan so you can play that uh hey Greatly sweet, with glory, God for you in life. Bo-bo-bo, Ramadan. Bo-bo-bo-bo. I want to tell you that I'm a Ramadan. I love you, people who are the sweet, from a Ramadan, from a Ramadan, from a Ramadan. From a Ramadan, from a Ramadan. Bo-bo-bo-bo. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Now, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution. Now, we'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. We'll be rich. I'm Jim. I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun. They scared their shit out of me. Intimidate diamond to give you whatever you want. That's right. Handguns. Think about it. Needs some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? All the convenience store. Takes chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. It's a simple solution. A life complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it. Happiness is just around the court. No, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the damn thing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative. It's a working problem. It'd be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make a fence. You know, what does this talk? I've seen Michael Moore and I'm bullying for column buyers. He's talking about the kids in Canada. They're playing the video games. You know, the violent video games. Right? And they're waiting to see the latest Arnold movie. And they're not killing each other. Nobody shoot each other. No. A right. But nevertheless, that's a good segment. But of course Chuck Heston, though, like, he's pretty peo. And he's a wild enough in his fan-dix pants. 915 votes on a pool. We are damn impressed boys and girls. I'd tell you one thing. You folks are really on top of it today in a pool too. You're on the pool. What's your take on the new Florida shoot them up law? Maybe they're in the back side. And if anybody looks at you cross eyes. If anybody looks threatening to you. If anybody gives you like a dirty looks. Well, I'm away. And if I ask Governor, I'll come down and patch you. I'll come down and patch you. And give you a purple star in a gold jelly bean. Why do I keep saying that? I can't say purple jelly bean in a gold star. Well, I'm very witsner. That's for damn sure. Is that where I came from? Yeah. He used to say a gold star to purple jelly bean. What would he have? It's a gold zero. The radio. Most bigoted human being. I ever encountered my life. Unbelievable. I mean, just, I'm sure he ain't like them people in Georgia. But nevertheless, he's dead. 977 votes. What's your take on the new Florida shoot them up law? Only crazy people can support this 234 very close race. That's my vote. You have to be crazy to believe you want to live like that. But I love it. I can't wait to shoot somebody. 277. Most of those votes came from inside the building. I say, remember, in the movie when a stranger calls. Uh-huh. He's in the Susan. The calls are coming from inside the house. Oh, no. Only in America, 150. That's a good movie. Which Charles Dernie, I like Charles Dernie a lot. He's been a lot of good movies. He was in the Mass Appeal with Jack Lemon. Yes, he was. Both. I can't believe it's a law 144. I supported 56. Won't change the thing 56. And I'm out of here 40. See, you don't know what that means both unless you've seen a movie, right? Close it. You've seen it. How about one other thing? Bobbi, the clothes is all over. How did you learn to trade? You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just to help us. Does that seem clear to help us? Not to help. No, no. To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living. You company man. You're fair. One other question from then you're again, Ross. It's worth playing. Get the job. Only. Only probably we can't play the whole clip. We're going to be a great choice. We're a bad. We all bad. Hey, speaking to Jack Lemon. How do you like that second power's a mine again? I'll keep it right into action. I love it. I should have acted to put that Mickey Dane in the shame. Should have been the favorite. What's the most important thing about this? I'm going to make you Dane. Most people would be fat over long haul. There's so many studies in so little time. You know what? Do you have any QAM? Hello. I'm going to the other. Yes, Mr. Clark. Just came back from a big big trip. Or she fell. I'm glad I'm back. Well, I'm not really. I can't wait to leave again. And that last question. When does it take a bite again? Last Saturday. Oh, it's a great day now man. Why are we not done? Anybody in pisses you off? No, you're not. Can't get any. Watch out. I don't like you. Oh. Okay. See you. You were good to. Now we're not talking about Ken Jenny. Of course because that would be bad over the B. Oh, but nevertheless. Don't piss that guy off. Ken because he not too crazy about your ass. You might take target practice on your ass. I'm your. But just when we thought we couldn't get any fatter. A new study that followed Americans for three decades. And just that over the long haul. Nine out of ten men and seven out of ten women will become overweight. Oh, how do you pressing to light? How do you pressing? Find out. Where to give the money in the short run place? There's gum on. You're talking about the money is set up and so on. He's not looking too good today. Is he? No. That'll ask him. He's looking really gone. Not asking, but just wrinkled and old. Why is wrinkled and old? First they gave him so much crap. You know, it's America. He survived it off. I got a heart. All these right. We meet new cons. We're going to have the thousands over there. And it's not kind of a couple of homers. Or right away. Oh, let's have an impeachment. What where is the Democratic Party? Where are you people, okay? Are you sleeping? Are you sleeping out there? Are you people that are slipping the shoulder day in? Now, whatever it has you're doing. And going to on your flying magic carpets. They're doveting on their carpet for Ramadan. What ever you crazy people are doing. These people are destroying the whole country. And you people are asleep. You're asleep at the switch. Can't believe it. All of the crap that's gone down with his guys. It's almost like they're, you know, tired. Forget about Teflon. The tea foul president. By the way, did I ever do the thing on to your about Teflon and Teflon and the bad stuff in there? How do I talk about it? You didn't let me forget to go out and buy an aluminum frying pan. Do you use a Teflon? Not anymore. Don't, we had one of those, you know, skill and not that skill. The grills. Those grills with the Teflon coating on it. But it broke all back. Well, not that we got our flavor way. We don't need to be frying no fried pan. Most things. It's kind of hard to make like an umber. But it gets, uh, get stainless steel. Don't get aluminum. Like I said, I'm going to go on. Give me a stainless steel fry pan. And I'm going to beat the crap out of somebody with it. It says, even if you're one of lucky few made it to mid-late without getting fat. Well, leave me a. Don't congratulate yourself. Keep watching that waistline. Hear this Josh? You start like, pork and up in that picture. We got on the website. You look a little porky in there. What? Didn't he look a little porky in that picture? I don't think so. A little porky. Half the men and women in the study would made it into well-related adulthood without a weight problem. Ultimately, he became overweight. And a third of those women in court, and then became obese. Not just overweight, but obese. Disgusting. Big fat. Slavs like me, okay? You can't become complacent because you're at risk of becoming overweight. Said, way to the hear this name, Raka Mondrin Vason and associate professor of medicine. I'm obviously investing in the state's late anchor. His first name's got 82 letters in it. Happy Ramadan. Ramadan Vason. He and other researchers studied data gathered from 4,000 white adults. Over 30 years. Not 30 men. Participants were between ages of 30. Not 30 men. 59. The start was amaged every four years. By the end of the study more than one and three had become. You guessed it. All obese. The study defined obesity is a body mass index, which is a commonly used height and weight comparison of more than. Not 30 men. The fact that they just make these numbers up, he's not hurting you. He claimed to drop it, right? The findings published today in the angles of internal medicine. Show obesity may be a greater problem than indicated by studies. They're looking at a cross section of the population at one point in time. These so-called snack shots of obesity, found about 6 and 10 are overweight and 1 and 3 and are obese. The findings also re-emphasize that people must continually watch their weight. Just watch it right now. I'm looking down. Just keep watching. This is a meal. I'm going to waste 5, 16, 18, 18, 18. Push. High-back to my own. I'm so-a-real. Try to play. You can't sit in a large accommodation. So I tell them right away, so I'll sit in the air to take a shower and I'll try to show this to the women. I'll say it's a double dollar store. So I'll tell you, it's a double dollar store. It's a life-u-a-day meal. I'll start a study. I'll try to show this to the women. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. I'll start a study. Oh Oh Oh You know, it's got to be like a one-year-old I am seeing you remember this old man is old Yentacold just psychotic That's the most he's cut any of the good part of that is their dinner. He's dead. Oh Guaranteed you can bet her life on it. She be dead So that'll show you honey with your big mouth Do something constructive instead of wasting your time and chill in the door all these silly things Go out and go bowling or something. At least that's in physical exercise, right? Right? Got to play a handball anything. That's not very physical, but it'll do well Whatever hey listen it better than sitting there and fill in that fat public Especially with all that heavy dairy stuff. I would always achieve blincers mmm would like your blueberries on it cool Oh 940 votes on the pool so far we better get that thousand we're gonna take it off the rest of the week We better get a pro-totonto now here's a story and it wasn't even gonna read this But there's there's an interesting sentence in here and it all depends on how I read it the influence the the meaning of the sentence Yes, it's fairly interesting in the prison halls the culture is lame about to what's going on in Italy and in a lot of other places The guards heavy brass key swinging from their belts open and shut the metal gates to each floor of the labyrinth Ballafay prison is the Muslim called a prayer echo echoes in the corridors Food prisoners right prisoners rush to the makeshift mosques that are sprouted in every building at the end of the hall on a fourth-lor building One a hand-lettered paper sign proclaims in Italian Mosquea mosque furnishings inside are sparse just three green paper prayer rugs pointing eastward and on the wall a plaque with verses from the Quran After Fatah Jendubi serving a sentence on road charges. I wonder if he had a dubi It's always on a desktop or this stasha pulls off his shoes and makes his way there. What's a dish stasha That's not that they will the doyly there the 42 year old. No, that's the I don't know what it is the 42 year old to need to join my two other men He has a apologetic saying turn out his veteran Fridays generally though younger Muslims in the prison are not very religious He says he hopes to change that now here's the sentence that I could read one or two ways I want to teach the young beautiful things he says or I could say I want to teach the young beautiful things He says what do you want to teach me? Miss you you're not following. Yeah, I want to teach you you ever want to teach you a young beautiful thing Yeah, I don't know what if it's on clear whether a 30-so-like era Big speakers to monitor his preaching what agree with his definition of beauty They have time to change their lives got wants to believe the life of crime. He said to and do these missions difficult one reaching after the Men can find with these within these stereotypes on the outskirts of a city know the role of resettili's vibrant fashion capital about 30% of the inmates Mollatei are Muslim officials say that's in a country where Muslims make up just 2% of the population of 58 million in Italy I'll let there's a higher concentration of them in Northern Italy around Milan another good reason not to go to Milan Oh, that's bad don't go to Milan. It's just boring when you go to Italy go to Rome go to Florence. That's it Blown you maybe what about Titi? Oh, I am a new year. I want to go to sit here. Not to chill you You better get what it must be. Titi am I. Yeah, sir. Sit here. You're gonna play this today Chance what they're about the Italians man. They're almost as small as the Jews maybe even a little bit more so I would think I think the Italians are the Schmalsias people on the face of the globe to very well be Many of the Muslim inmates arrived to Italy alone sometimes as young as 14 hoping to find an uncle or cousin even distant relative And burdened with the overly optimistic expectations of their family back in Morocco Tunisia or Algeria You know, it's really interesting, but all over Europe now There's this tremendous Morocco Tunisia Algeria those three countries in Holland in England in Italy Obviously all that are like just pouring in these other countries and we're on the wine why? Because the reproduction like ram it I say Did you see that in Saudi Arabia like over 50% of population is under 15? I did not see it It was small and you know something we're not too happy with those gas prices and on that we have the new Florida law Back-to-fire fat ass governor even though he may not be too happy about the you know the bush relations with he'd been Lonesen the Saudi princes over there. I said we go to Saudi Arabia and Test that you love is what I say What do you think all right and it doubt tested out? Army secretary Noel Harvey and Vice Chief of Staff General Richard Cody Saviest today that the army was using lucid offense department rules they permitted it to sign up more high school dropouts and People who's who are lower on mental qualification test, but they denied this meant it was lowering standards Right all you dropouts out there, you know, I just say no no uncle Sam tell him no chance Not interested in being no human sacrifice come to go nail a chicken on the door and stay Until our recruiters began having real trouble signing up enough army recruits earlier this year The army had said minimum standards that were hired in those that the fence department the army has a recruiting shortfall of 6 to 8,000 soldiers over the past year It hasn't fallen so short of this annual goal since 1979 7 years after to be at now more. I guess when kids were finally washing up for all the kids that the kids had got butcher over there He got sacrificed they started thinking well, maybe that's such a good idea Harvey and Cody addressed to me Including issue news conferences doing the annual convention the association the US Army that a permanent offense standards and qualification test call for at least 60% category 1 to 3 the high rate of testing and 4% category for the lowest end the other services followed that standard And the army national guard is always followed it as well, but the active army chose to standard to 67% category is 1 through 3 and 2% category for a Adiata. What in other words? I think a long story shot with all these stupid numbers in it If you're breathing if you're breathing if you're breathing if you're done saw us if you're done with a boxer rocks They'll take in of course you have to be dumb to sign up now in sacrifice you're like because you're not fighting for your country anymore You're fighting based on a pack of lies You're fighting so you can go kill a bunch of innocent people and maybe hook up that long American queue those oil fields Which I didn't work it out to well, is it? Adiata what a bad break nine hundred and forty five votes. You know we got some work to do on this thing these people are gonna like slack off And then we'll get to like about ten minutes till two and we'll say oh, gee, what are we gonna do now on this pool? Huh, where's our thousand votes? This is a little on a week side. What do you say? No, they'll do it nine forty five we got thirty five minutes to go We got fifty five votes to get oh this this business about this Harriet Myers is not the kind of person to to shove it in in your face Well, I'm really fed like I believe hey Joyce. Hey Joyce. Somebody just said that on CNN That's right there cable I forgot shove it in your face my ass How do you like that? Oh Let's get a few calls on here between now and two o'clock. I'm in just a wonderful mood. You want to know why? It's Ramadan. I must be it. That's it got you magic carpet. Yeah. I'm flying right off the window on it. Nobody Q a M. Hello Hello, yes, sir Oh, I'm sorry it's trying to find your location What do you mean by that? I was trying to see where your office is at What what do you why you bring a pipe bomber something no sir? I was I want to get through a Manage and I walk the address and we're here located. Oh my god. You want what kind of tickets? What are you gonna go see? Rockie. Oh The hacking in to our night. Yes, sir. Excellent. Hey, okay, we're right on the court. You were two hundred and two two ninety five Northwest second Avenue You know where I've's doing. What is he? I do I'm hearing four forty one We're like about a block north of that and there's a Kentucky fried chicken And we're in a white building on the kitty court of that on the third floor. So I'll be okay floor second Avenue, right? Right right right into my right by KFC man right by the old BP gas station around the corner Thank you very much. Okay, and he's right again, pal. Thank you. Bye. We loved a pan There's the anyway. Let's talk hockey for a couple hours. What do you say? Yeah, I'll get rim around the hoard. Yeah Put his ass on the horn. Okay, as a matter of fact, now what what holiday is it that they blow the chauffeur? I'm a little bit younger. I think I've got to be honest with you. Don't remember I hate to say that because it's very you know non Jewish, but it's been so long since I care about Oh I'm right in the low net little around the horn. Yeah, I got that recording somewhere around here. Do you remember you have the sound of the chauffeur getting blown? Yeah, blown. I'll take off and let's watch my not approved And For Year 7 Sabbath is time. I stand together in Apostle February April August Your May Georgia Friday world, and a great boy goes in deep man this is monument want to keep as an end to the According to a 560 WQA, it was a bit of sweet homecoming for United Nations Ambassador John Bolton, former chair of the Conservative Party returned the Yale political union yesterday last night amid a course of hisses and politically charged questions. They were hissing and boon over there. It is addressed which defended the Bush administration's foreign policy. Bolton argued that voluntary contributions from states would allow major donor such as the U.S. to choose to fund the UN programs that they believe to be the most efficient. But while fielding questions from impassions students packed in the shipfields, Sterling, Stratkona Hall, Bolton candidly discussed the issues such as nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea, the war in Iraq and his own confirmation battles. The audience had erupted Bolton throughout his speech with loud banging on desks and hissing. Last about the abuse of Iraq prisoners at Abu Ghara, a Bolton set of the U.S. no other countries or international organizations should hold its own citizens accountable for possible abuse. We don't need anybody else to judge us, he said, we judge our own. The answer prompted loud hissing from the audience, but Bolton offered students a question of his own. This curious does if you are hissing, who do you think will judge better than us, he asked the audience. Most YPU officers including party chairs said they appreciated Bolton's candor and is willing to answer your contentious questions after his prepared address. But a liberal party chair, Kristen Dunham, said she would have preferred a chance for students to respond and they disagreed with his half-assed answers. He was extremely rude, extremely belligerent, everything that Democrats called him in confirmation hearings did, did glicksteen said he was all of those things, all of these, all of these are being treated. They didn't even want to debate. Well there you go, that's the already stressed from a bunch of this four punks up there, right? Much of Brad. 965 votes on air. I'm keeping an eye on that baby because all I feel, you know, Kira said, thousand thresholds are going to be real disappointment to me after the phenomenal start we had on our shoot them up pool. 969, we have 26 minutes, 31 votes to get. Can we do it? Can it happen? Yes. It'll happen. WQAM. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. I have a couple of questions on my garfot. Why do you think it is that they skipped over a grade of youth, they skipped six social rights. You just didn't even get a job. Is that all that got? What is it? My name is De Duan. My name is Kipol Rufito. Do you think it was because he didn't do anything when it's back on stock? I can't. I'm sorry. I think he ran this room. Because he was the UMM dumb. It was very damaged from the field. Whichever when he said, and Frano, and like a dumb. Yeah, I know. No, no, I remember that because I saw yesterday the story you said, we come like movies on the country. I don't think I'm smart. I can't be funny. But dumb. I swear I didn't want to spin. Yeah. He was smart enough to hang out with Johnny Ola in Cuba. Yeah. I was saying I want to see Frano no more. Yeah. It was smart enough to be a fishing there without an eerie. No. Yeah. I think he was a good guy. I listened to you shows as you know they do. This notion that the period of time was in the basket. Yeah. The notion that these people hate us for our freedom. I just looked over in Canada. Isn't there more Northrooms than here? Oh, and you did. Are you kidding me? And you never hear anything going wrong in Canada because they don't do all the stuff. Like we know that there are neutral people don't mess with anybody else. But they're just hanging out here plotting the next tax against you. So we're okay here. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. How pretty for you? Oh yeah. Okay. Good luck in family. They decided to press. I told him the truth. Who now knows who these people are all these camp drivers and who knows man. We've got more schmopper heads here that you can check your hockey stick in. I don't know who they are. You know who I am? I'm home. Wait. Come on. Come on. You can steal the schmopper. You can steal the schmopper. You can smell it. See. Let me just say this about Godfather. I'm in the whole trilogy but the whole, especially the first one. It's not just the movie. It's part of your life. Right? There are very few movies that you could say that about. Right? That would be obviously the first one. I would say another one. I was mad as hell. I was not going to take this anymore. I was just going to start getting all done out of shape. Like that. It is part of life if you need more sleep. You can go. Sleep some port. Right. Wouldn't that new logo into effect? That would be. I'll be right down. I'll stop off at Buffalo. I'll stop at Everphold's New York. I've got some good gun drops. I would think so. I would like it. By the way, if you're going to Niagara Falls, do not go to Niagara Falls, New York. Who was that? Oh, that was Hank. Remember we had that discussion that morning? Yes. I was going to start with the discussion about the casino Niagara Falls. Couldn't have the biggest sports book, which, by the way, it's not the biggest one in North America. It's the biggest one in Canada. But they couldn't have a sports book because it's the only vaginal annex city. I told them, I'm not talking about Niagara Falls New York. I'm talking about Niagara Falls Ontario. I'm per get with it. Who would go? Only Graham would have an Niagara Falls New York. Seriously, if you were going to like be one of those touristy people, would you go to Niagara Falls? In addition, which the falls on the US side are pretty crappy. Look, you could like fish water over a rock and have the same effect, you know? Over your rock. I wouldn't know. You never been Niagara Falls. For you sure haven't been anywhere. Have you read it? Let's go back to that again. Yeah. John, I'm going to judge court. This has been more places than you've been. All right. Let's add them up. Let's see. Cuba. I've been a lot of places, but not out of the country. Let's see. Dallas, California, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Denver, Colorado. I've been between New York. I've been between New York. No, not yet. I've been between here in Washington State seven times by bus, so I've been out to all the States in between both in northern passage and the southern passage. And then Canada, several points in Canada. I'm going to have to be with you, man. I've been in a long time. I'm going to play. You were just buying time to play that. Where are you? I'm going to ask you. I asked you. Has been anywhere. You've been California. I've been in Los Angeles. California, Vegas. Oh, George has been in Vegas and Chicago. Right. New York. Tennessee. I'll be going to Seattle in December. I've been in Mexico for what? Vegas. I've been to Mexico. You just say get married. I learned a lot from George. No, don't get married. Go. And I think Colorado. See, I haven't been to Mexico. That's a good start. I've been to Georgia twice a year. So I was thinking, you know, you've got a long time to catch up. And if he doesn't get married, he can pass it on. I have all that money to let go and have a good time. I'm going to let all the water go to Amsterdam. That's a good time. Sure. Where's Georgia, of course, being the old down. If Georgia didn't have the wife and family, everyone else goes and says, you see a palm, I'd use the palm. And he could have gone to Amsterdam and use the apartment. And I might have even bought your airfare like in the cargo or something. Right. You sent me a couple more of those checks. I'll go to Amsterdam. If I didn't have a wife and family. I wouldn't have to know you better. You better go there together. That'd be a good idea. I guess we can't do that. That would be a good idea. No, I'm serious. It would be a good idea. Have a great time there. I don't know. Well, maybe in about three years. How's that sound? You and you can take a little chicken egg. Vokor brown with you. It'll be a party. A Mitch Fach. In fact, maybe he can find his next occupation there. On the rural, even there, he can do little black face. And also, something that maybe goes some rasta here. Put on a nice Greek way he's got. The whole housebarker. Coke? Exvisi? Biagra? I can just do him doing it right now. Y'all gonna that's just it just I just cracked up now when I start with that crap You'll just get out of here already. Okay go pebble your crap to somebody else you idiot You lunatic you uh, yeah, you're Austin not 1992 baby when we come back from the next break assuming the spots play will be over a thousand trust me What I tell you this is new This is You Some of us are ready Don't eat some of their release Beginning at him for surely would share You a piece of paper. What about it? 145, I'm not gonna say anything about Brittany and Little Peace because then we'll get joy. Speaking of all of that, speaking of perversion and choreography, he will have to be the favorite part of the day. He has had to reinvent his identity to leave his pureton roots behind. He has to tell his time magazine his direct incentive to bring him to a pureton who came over on a Mayflower. Do you know that? Nope. Not even to a clock game we're already passing out useless information. We're learning over here. There was a great deal of repression in their lives and the way they were raised and in turn away I was raised. He said. After setting first we invented himself in high school when he was rejected by a girl. He started calling himself heff and where yellow cords, saddle shoes and flammals shirts he wouldn't tuck in instead of what his parents wanted. Later after playboy became successful and reinvented himself again. He started smoking a pipe, bought him or say these and bought the playboy mansion. I became the personification of the prototype that I was describing in the magazine. I became an effect. Mr. Playboy said he quenaces his sister with transformations and said they appear in them. He was elected and from my perspective paid the price for a creative world for myself. He told me a lot of times. There's never to leave. Just reject all the cocky that your parents all are brainwashing. All the critical bull crap. If they weren't doing all of those things, just tell them screw up. Get lost. You're mama. We got a thousand fifteen votes on a poll. Let's hear it for Ramadan and Russia's shot on this religious bull crap for a holiday audience. I've been fifteen votes. Pretty impressive. Impressive. Yeah. I don't have that. Impressive. Yeah. What's your take on the new floor to shoot him up? That's our poll question today. By the way, if you don't like the poll, start a game. How do you like that? Only crazy if we go up. I can smell my brought-wrestkooking on my flavor wave right now. Yeah. Sounds good. A pretty precise break. Our way in there. I put it on for 16 minutes. See these are precooked. Yeah. They're great. 60 minutes. I'm going to get to be two o'clock. I'll go on there. And you know what else I do? About worst, we need lovers out there. Much your language. I take like a little one slice of cramp cheese. Now like, take three pieces of it. I like to tear it in the three pieces. And I put that on there. I put the plate underneath it. I put that on there. I cook it for one moment with a cheese on top. All right. And then melt-sounds happen. You've got a cheese brought or a cheese dog or cheese whatever. Or just put cheese on your finger and stick it in there. Don't forget cheese. Well you got a lot. Then fifty. I think you're part. Like I said, you could buy a brought. We're sorry you liked that. They're called cheddar worst. Really? Well, I guess I'll be right down. Wonder if the minions got the cheddar worst? Yeah. I get them. But those aren't pre-cooked or are they? Oh no. See pre-cooked to me is better. I don't want to go through a whole brought worst thing because I'm obsessed with brought worst. Maybe in Germany I'll have a couple of brought worst you think. I have no doubt. I'm a vacation. I'll be in Germany in brought worst in YouTube. I'll be trying to put together five wild shows next week. Yeah. But all of it. Yeah. Did you say wild? Five of a mediocre shows. And they'll be great. Don't give me a song that advanced. It'll be great. Okay. In fact, do a good show just to piss off Greg. All right. A thousand and twenty two votes. What's your take on the new crazy law? Only crazy people could support law about that. Two sixty nine. That's right. That's the right answer. One of the right answers. Three hundred and two nine hostage is killed. See this is old footage. Why do they do this? Why do they do that? They're showing that school in Russia. Well, those are terrible. What they do. Yeah. Let's see it in. You people are great robbers. You're lunatics. You all belong on death row. Especially that Nazi wolf looks great. We give Rob Marciano a pass and Susan candy. That's it. By the way, I hate to say this. Yeah. But you know, Harriet the Myers are new Supreme Court justice. No, don't say it. I know what you're going to say. She looks like a little old Susan. Oh, you said yes. We like your lot, Susan. It's not a shot. You're a very wonderful person. But there is a similar to there. She looks like a slightly older Susan candy. And Susan by the way, isn't it? Who's your like this when we're portedly as? I can just see Harriet Myers. And the and the bush mice are in W. It's not near in the oral office. Boosen it up together. And he has in the last. Yeah. Or where do you keep it, tortie? 2022 only crazy people could support 269. I love it. Can't wait to shoot somebody 245. Okay, better hide under the bed because now that that laws in effect. God only knows what your neighbors are going to be doing to you. I can't believe it's law. 169 only in America. 157. Only in a gun crazy country like America. The wild wild west. There's shooting them up, baby. Uh, 16. We'll take you to things 66. I supported 61. I'm out of here, 45 out of a thousand. And look how many. But 30 man. 30 WV Z 10 30. For w with 10 10, which is W. W. W minus wins 10 10 New York and CFRB. Toronto, a homo brin McFarlon. How's it going? brine A. How about that leafs? Don't start with that hockey talk now. We'll be finished. You'll be in reindeer. Why have a reindeer story here somewhere? Do you? I wasn't going to do it, but it sits in my pile. The Danish Air Force said last week. It paid about $5,000 in compensation to a part-time Santa Claus whose reindeer died of heart failure when two jet five two fighter jets were over as far Yeah, oh my god the animal named Rudolph was gazing at the farm of Olawi and the connoff and sent to them Mark when the screaming F-16 jets passed over hit and low altitude and February the reindeer I guess they didn't like their altitude That's so the reindeer collapsed and died leaving the connoff with a prospect of only one animal pulling his slay next Christmas He complained the air force which agreed to compensate him for the cost of the reindeer and veterinary expenses We got a letter from Santa complaining about his reindeer is that looked into what seriously Air Force spokesman kept in Morton Jensen said The Air Force check flight dead and veterinary reports concluded the planes hand caused the animals death McConnell said he would use the money to buy new reindeer before Christmas Well thought for that for that really silly fins man This is Neil Rodgers and things like this is five 16 Hey Guys Nick and substance one over the heck it is and the people are corollens They just like them like they were on the year what a court the weed and now high and I mean it's terrible But me is it up and look at listening to six 10 and MS here You fair I'm dying Watch the You'll be fine, Bismillah. Awreruh my m audio dark But not my askingkich Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god He was so mean So he was looking back But my mind he was so mean But he was so mean He was so mean And I met him I said to me I said you felt I would do it Then I would find So sick And he said That's why I should go to jail If my blood's missing Go into jail To death If your blood's missingin-rate into the air I have dragged you On debt You can cover Honey I won't Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh I just I just I made this sit in here. It was to let all afternoon you know well I'm just I'm just I'm just You're right I'm over everything you know I had it So I think I small seat man Oh 146 votes on the poll what's your take on the new floor to shoot them up one Only crazy people because of for this 275. I love it. Can't wait to shoot somebody 47 I can't believe it's law 174 only in America on with 69 it won't change the saying 69 I support it 65 I'm out of here 47 So listen next time you guys go to Italy I got this great trial to read and this great pizza we are right for right side by each cross the street from each other Yeah, I'm a deal pretty I put your pay on my day. Oh Mark you down on the other thing Okay, just market down on you risk via print your pay on my day. Oh, there's a fantastic little trial to read on stairs the best in the city and across the street Straight piece of me donate trees though especially on worship sh applies