What it comes to sports We are the author of Sheva Longori who you and I both agree has a lot of talent. It's been Cosmopolitan magazine Exctoding the virtues of Brazilian bikini wax She says it makes sex better. I could just see myself calling up my wife and say Before I come home you think you want to do the Brazilian bikini wax thing and I know what she's gonna say What's your new place? You got great face on back off Great sound by So the last words I'm hearing Mowing his wife getting it on ooh Don't start right off the van. It's Monday morning. Don't start. Hey. I did a lot of work for you this weekend What was that? I got any capones age Yeah, I've got a great view del update. All right. I spent my whole weekend working for you Yeah, bullcraft spend your whole weekend punching your guts out Well, while I was there. Yeah, so Tom jika got an email from great view del Tom jika yeah, I mean is that the same Tom jika that's early rotten hell? Yeah, before I threw him off the roof. Yeah, he's uh, I got it out of him and he said to tell you that they do del Set him an email he's in Birmingham, Alabama good place for him and he wrote that he's doing very well There in fact he has groupies called braggies And he's looking for it to the day when you retire so he can come here and take over oh Yeah, that's what he wrote Tom I guess he's still gonna take it all same pills And Ed Caplin will be 61 60 in two weeks Excellent, I would can join the club Let's hear it for all Eddie and I do me an old The 60 plus crowds so Eddie and Matt Mo and me and you and wow old Jews old Jews Kicking Joel find versus ass. That's the good news speaking a dick fine bird in pompot o park They're gonna be reopening for simultaneous December 17 Library seen December the second I've got about 17 different facts is here. Oh, and I say told you a couple weeks ago They're getting very close to the agreement with call there and gallstream or call there will take the galls they will take each other's signal Yeah, for Simon you don't have to go to gulfs me when you want to freeze your ass off. That's right And stand behind all those old yentas while you know there for two races that I'm doing for ABC other than that They won't find a bigger thing in gulf stream is the old yentas who take the racing for when they spread it out There's a minute to post under loading the horses in the gate and they're at the window and they're at the window And they're putting their profile for their racing form open and lean and hunched over I'm fitting out with you by the way Fetting with equally old yentas who would be like a window Exactly, well, I had a mess on 95 this one by the way. Did Josh ever show up George or not? Nope Josh out there yet Josh court. This is near because there's a mess on on any five that a fatal answer Oh, Josh or Joshua sir. There was not there because huh and we're Joshua today Parents there was not there because he's he can't make up his mind He wants to be programmed director, which is kind of silly in the first place or a ums sports nerd So he chose ums sports nerd isn't Seattle for that big basketball game um and air force tonight. That's a big good. Yep, whenever humongous two and audience for their club How about those old is patriots man? That was a gutsy performance yesterday Fire inches up in the wild blue yonder don't ignore me about those patriots. I'm not ignoring you That's why we may see performances the game went on It could more and more injuries in it. They still pulled up their bootstraps and jackstraps and kick the ass and what accounted? You can have rated a ball with two minutes or less remaining in your in deep trouble. Oh, yeah He only went 74 yards in two plays the only thing I think that I know you can't second guess winning And he can't second guess build village check, but I think they made him a stake there in the end What was that instead of killing the clock there when he had to ball in certain You know the score was 16 15 Miami and he got the ball down there. We'd like about a little over two minutes to go Why not kill a clock off and you know and just run the ball I believe in that you know when you have a chance to score you have a score there be fine in the game What if they bumble what if they crumble while the killing and I think that's true. That's a good point What about if the past little bit intercepted that one happening against the dog Get two interceptions of the game. I know okay, but no, those those were two you know great throws and Actually the guy had pretty good coverage on the one to Tim Dwight. He just didn't make you know Dwight's just not to play to get out of his hands Yeah, I have a lot. Yeah, well the dolphins are three and six night God We didn't pay them for and I have my dollars to cure their games this year boy We'd be in deep stuff. Yeah, there are a lot of bad reports about Jimmy syphilis I'm here and he just can't cut it. I don't know I haven't heard their bro's unqualified in the first place can't cut it I heard all these doing a nice job on a panther game. That's what I've been saying I think he's gonna find you have two by the panthers aren't doing see the panthers They got this new deal that is every game in less 10 seconds. They blow the game Irbic game now, and I just want to lie respect boy I'll tell you the three point two seconds left in the flyer game and they're sure and they got a power play That's gonna carry over to overtime. They're gonna have a four on three for a minute overtime and Instead they cough it up and but a big it's in the net. That was that was tragic. That was pathetic So anyways, you know you happy like came through all this information that was excellent That was a great job. I could tell you a little bit about my weekend of woodbind. Yeah, I want to have one of you bucks But I played a wheel of four some machine for 12 hours You'll never believe this and in that 12 hours that machine paid me nine thousand dollars wow We're not would say any of what it cost me for nine thousand eight thousand nine 590 that's not so I finally said to help with this crap because it was a hot machine Mine but it kept taking it all back so they got some new game which when I go Wednesday I have to see what the name of this new game is a new machine and I thought well I'd seen a couple when four grand on it earlier was right behind where I was planned I thought well, it's maybe it's a hot machine and I sat down and of course when you get to a new You're not a slump guy boy. You get to a new machine. You have no idea what they're doing and it also does a free spin thing like we're the fortune But and it's got a big thing up on the top and they they the voice come the else out Whatever you when you hit to spin 30 dollars under that way. We got so I hit the button a thousand dollars. I said one Not even what the hell I did $1,000 or so sure it often come and tell me and then it's also got a thing where you respin you get a hundred plus another spin So new idea of so many way of mind-up and going home winter. I had a good day Saturday along traumatic day I did already call their service. There you go So it's good weekend. What's even worse than old Jews on a radio is old Jews making money gambling That's yeah, that's a really aggravate stimulator I would be surprised if Joel is throwing out a furniture around over there right now As far as Tom jick is concerned look at that 17.1 percent see I'm taking a poll this morning Which you might be interested in during the hurricane where did you get your best information now TV 74 us I guess there must be a lot of people who either got their power back fairly soon I'll set those little battery operated TVs TV audio on radio which we did the first day when hurricane 63 employees we did that as we didn't want to endanger everybody's life by having them coming 2 AM 46 that's pretty good. Yeah, the internet's 43 ID 24 G and O 27 the people are responding or people who listen to us right Yeah, but what I'm saying is then say we did a good job if we didn't have the good information because I really felt like I was working my Ansof those things I got I'm old for that. I got my best information from the beast Did you well he was here every morning collecting it Mm-hmm. I'll tell you if it wasn't for WQAM I don't know what I would have done when my power What do I have the internet you're not an internet god plus even if he did you had no I don't know why that's right. So I know I was you know Another reason it's good for me to be here because if you have like a colossal emergency I'm always here to go on a year and number two I always have the power got the internet the TV I got the CNN No, she hasn't say there you go and Who had a whole week of mind by the way we got a miss speaking of she we got a new sales chick there Who has been working for two or three weeks, but she calls in sick every day including today Who's actually when we're floating around the building? Well that sales manager you sure had your thumb on his head Man he is Talk about he's got loser written all over what's his name Curtis? Yeah, wow Curtis Lee what who's the loop sales chick? I don't know like I would know oh well she's out sick all the time you'll ever meet her because you unless he comes in some day Well some a doctor. Yeah, but Got real prime of course Adam left on Friday that was his last day. Yeah, sorry to see Adam go use a guy Little week on the sales end, but a good guy. It's okay. Yeah We'd rather have a guys that were week on the sales end as opposed to week on a human and like some of the ones that are still around I'm Going home to think about how his wife would the body well now our stop stop don't start. I'm trying to like They're going to be like bowl while we're at all This has a good news. I got my mock three turbo raise her over the weekend. I'll give her report on that Says you got a good show coming up again I didn't say that don't get carried away Well, it's an ever great day. It's Monday is called called is not running big right? Uh, yeah, are they? Yes, they are well I'll be damn and New York is open today Well, see you got finger likes to 1215 this afternoon from farming to New York from Canada Daigua New York I'll tell you again. I was there the date opened and Roth Morgan Rothsworth and let's get ready to mumbled exactly call her in 1225 Well, so I'll say when he say hello. I'll give Philip McHiss for me. I'll fill it Saturday. He was out there. He's a great guy Philadelphia Park 1225 turf paradise to 25. Where's that turf? Ice is in Arizona. I'll be there. I went to that track Dover downs it for 30. Can call me I'll give you some harness racing tips to do over downs. Okay. Mountain New York 7 Western fair it's 735 that's in Sarnia, Ontario over London London on theory Woodbind Trotters at 740 in Australia 839 there's a nice schedule there to keep you busy and lose your answer all day She's and I usually take an easy on Monday. Yeah, be sure bet those finger-like Sommelcast man there was two claimers. It was in the best okay. The ones where the jockey's have a lot of race bandage is on sounds good Have a great day you too and see you my young all right. I'm good son Shot hangoff on your Relating always clean the feeling a professional football cheerleader's one now You can be trained by the best at the Carolina Panthers dearly If you're 18 or older have a background in theory have been wronged by a man at least once and like soft Sweet and beautiful girls then this campus where you this three-day two-night camp is limited to only 30 attendees Who will spend their days and special seminars and their nights in 15 single there? You'll learn how to do this split in a bathroom stroll how the cart we all the way to the police car and how to smile at the mug's Camp was the Carolina Panthers cheerleader clinic you'll learn years by seeds A care about her cheerleader clinic Reserved your space of the clinic now called one oh oh girl on girl. That's one oh Girl 10 oh nine at five sixty wium jack court is doing there. I'm a snow no, no, he's not well That's because the south-bound lanes of I-95 were closed. They're debibable of art for hours this morning It's still a mess after three or four south-bound vehicles crash at least one driver was killed dead The death occurred after a red Jeep SUV rolled over the driver wasn't wearing a seat belt was ejected by the crash In fact, I guess we could safely assume that's the one who's dead. We're gonna strap traffic was detoured off I-95 on interstate five 95's eastern West lanes and other debibable of art Old God is nothing worse than getting detoured on the debibable of our all-way could stop the big boy or maybe a godfather As you can guess up at haskiddle gancet godbobbers at one point morning right short traffic was backed up past commercial bullvard Many drivers forced off I-95 moved on to other north south arteries quickly clogging them including nearby federal highway Northbound I-95 driver was laid in the flood by the accident and then by it says here in the Suncental then by rubber neckers You idiots who quiz things you do fair right rubber neckers my ass Well, I hate those people we hate you all you rubber neckers all you idiots you want to slow down So you can get a good luck and see some blood and I see the body and see this smash that me up. There's about idiots Maniacs they have a coming drag your ass off that with a fact that'll be a $500 fine for rubber necking. Wouldn't that be a good one? Okay, or I like it that W to Q a I am hello first call the week here it is right here He's nobody on it. See you like it I breath yeah, great. No, I think it was it was pretty good I was one of our better first calls that a week in a long time Well wait till we get to that poll today man I like that see we started out a little bit slow That's cuz only the sports nerds were awake once our people decided to get on that that's pretty damn good We think it or said I say thank God for us is what I say all right see the problem is we have no news image on this station Because we got people that ball games is where it's said I got news for a ball games are like they're okay little diversion but when life is on the line it's the news image There's meaning sports headlines and it's super basketball game We got coming up tonight with our program director. We still like a little child and what's to be you I'm sports nerd. He's like Mike Rosenthall Jr. Your buddy your close personal buddy by Chum When's that sales bitch gonna come in so Hank and we're how many Q a I am hello? Hello, how you doing? Pretty good. Pally first call the week. Let's make it a really good one Okay, how about that? Yesterday did he kick a on the dog or what? Right, oh you bet Okay, I was you back down here in Miami. I missed the signings. I missed seeing your personal Yeah, good luck. You're pal get a life. Oh I have no signings. How give you a signing? I'll give you a shining here is Johnny. I give you the shining has a line of the turns. Yeah, Mr. Signer Oh Can we have a one the mug meal? How about a one the mug you miserable old you best It come on give us a one the mug the funny part is the same people would show up for another autograph pick right How about the election? I'll go and I'll take it a life or so that's why I was wrote the same crap on their give life And it would say I have no right I believe them. Wow. No, I don't wish I was back there with all the sunshine here It's gonna be about 50 days just just fine as I was like 63 yesterday We have like a little in view and fall or something like that. I know it's gonna be snowing pretty soon, but that's okay That's okay because that's my motto any place but some Florida anywhere else in world even like Jordan Start look pretty good right now Right No, we have to see that bitch again that terrible is which one more time I'm gonna put like a rock through my yeah That's exactly exactly 10 13 a QM like the homper said it's gonna be a real barn burner today This I can feel it I promise how I on he was all over the place yesterday who was on here. He was on there. Ken Melman was on here lying through his teeth I was on him first by everybody to be honest with him. I mean yesterday was NFL Sunday was the Patriots and Adolphins Ooh, but tell us more important and Josh's Tampa Bay bucket ears won he's an area. There's no podium And throwing game over to Redskins 36 35 What did that was yesterday actually a couple of pretty good boggies the Patriots stopping him sucked to the fourth quarter and then it was like made it all worthwhile I was going Tom baby and I was doll fans man. Oh boy. They got to be hanging in her head They were all whipped up into a frenzy there when they had to leave for about 40 seconds and then that was the end of that Anyway, here's the ideal pop at a park race track damage by Hurricane Wilma will reopen November 17 for some of cancer racing My close personal friend GM Dick Finder said no relation to Joel find where you want to make sure you know that and live racing resumes December the tooth December two after Assessing and it says here after accessing that's got to be a misprint by the idiots at the South Florida business journal You morons you quizlings. I think what Dick means is assessing all the repairs of the lead to the reopening of facility from the damage caused by Wilma We're happy to announce that we should be able to reopen ahead of schedule for all you people just dying the plunger guts out Pomp and a park server considerable damage to the second 34th floors in the poker room also damage was the tote board The race padlock and more than 10 bars in the back stretch that'll have to be replaced I guess I guess that blows my plans there for the fat rich memorial barn Maybe they could build it now. Yeah, they're just gonna put the horses ass in that one Hey, where to you don't take it personal sister joke The outdoor bleach area the drivers room building the also houses the very toughest day of officers judges office The committee officers suffered major damage and most likely have to be torn down Sinal casting will take place only on the third floor in part of the second while when live racing resumes These six floor top of the park restaurant will be open That's excellent just in time for me there when I get there We hope to be able to raise a full schedule when we open a fine verse said provided we have enough horses race four nights a week Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday just like Apple only has said in the godfather Saturday Tuesday whatever she said Mom, they told you they lied right said it. Hey, don't get into car apple on it too late the most traumatic time in South Florida was there was our second pool on Friday, I'll allow you actually she go back to the first one because you were theory were taking day off going to the beach We don't believe you by going to the beach To a park though video yeah That's the one 16 votes we had a preliminary pool which applies to you on the body washing and what ever gal What a what a pansy and a gal that you forever a cloud on money He's just tragic which applies to you a male I share with soap 3040 we got a lot of work to do in that area I just I don't understand it how can 55% of the guys in his audience still using soap look so visit has say soap is old news Drop the soap Me, I share with body wash with a squeegee one 13 with that my say squeegee can be like a wash cloth Yeah, the scrunchie thing I leave a loophus cry any of those may a device May I share with body wash for no squeegee that for mid 70? They're like they they took the first tender step and other like inching toward using them They're still doing it with their hand. I don't ever bathe 49 of course have been around those people Female I share with body wash 24 female I share with soap 20 so that's about little 50 50 I'll do the making more progress to the men But only 44 out of 616 votes on their net pull over women which shows again We have no female audience whatsoever none zeros if but he do don't none none because it's QAM It's the sports nerd station we're on the wrong station dammit and from what I'm hearing what that sales the problem What's going on there? Mathacher crazy house even worth a usual brother don't just start X and out pictures and that big post We got that thing burn the thing this woman is only two more people have done that anyway I know one of them is all the other ones Todd Rick Yeah, and everybody else including screw in they're all gone how many how many were on there? unto 345 6.789 Better gone one other nine total. I see so seven out of nine. It's like 77 like WAC and let's see a seventh is what 14 percent I'll take your word for it. Yes, so seven out of nine is like a lot No, I'm ninth or the 70 I was right the first time about 78 percent of the sales department gone and now they got like they hired three new people and like They got lost in the way to work and we can't find where they are including the one broad who keeps their cone in sick every day She must have gotten the load down from Adam on his way out. We wish Adam good luck at WIOD. He'll need it working for a cheap go channel anyway Here's the deal on that mock three turbo reason that because Josh is probably listening on the way in getting older It does he's got a little battery and you should by the way give me the wrong information there Josh He said the mock three or Gillette well, and the mock three is does not have the it's the mock three turbo That's the one he was talking about it's all the battery and they're in a vibrate. I think I think Josh What's a pot of time to must have thought his girls instrument his girlfriend's Friend and he's in the things that vibrate now I don't want to see where he like uses that dome, but nevertheless, so he's into the vibran He doesn't use this anyways got a bra on electric razor So how can he be an expert on regular raises but anyway I did buy one and it's pretty good good stuff I said how to have your the your Mr Cuba expert that's all he knows from his fidelity and Cuba that in the meantime He thinks that Maryel was the first one of us to know your few years off. Yeah, like about About 20 anyway anyway McDuffy writes only 94 and the alien saggy 73 prove what I said all along India giving him much to do about nothing. I get everybody who I put that in the same category with the last chicken a rubah Right on right in fact not even that because this wasn't nobody was lost It was just a custody case that's all a personally It was kind of like Terry and her cute nobody else's business, but the family right a medium It is a line ball Miami family nowadays pool. I think is very instructive and Tom Jockish And he did you notice that Hank just didn't even bad in my life I should I don't think he was there to track with Tom just like I told you I know what's going on I don't have to be there for all those signings Although he had a good times autograph. I don't know maybe there was some signing going on there During Wilmo where did you get your best information? 3155.0 so far TV 94 So we have to assume that's the people that never lost power or got power on very early quickly or maybe had battery Operated T-Gloric you like you did right TV audio on radio 83 That's what we had the first day and then we didn't do that no mold because we were able to get on the year and have our people come in and And do a little bit of a public service for change besides giving stupid boss scores So WQM is a very strong respectable third 67 that's almost 19% little Tommy who liked the job we did and thank God for that because I seriously We worked our asses off to try to get some information. I mean Yeah, I said it to talk about it again a little bit too much like we'll work for me. I was exhausted Who we're supporting over hot internet. I don't do that again. I won't QAM 68 internet 59 WI would be 27 now back in the day when we were there when they had a real news department was a real news and talk station They would have won this poll by million miles because everybody would have tuned in with them But nobody does cuz all I got is a bunch of right wing talk shows on and crap Sun Sentinel 12 WDGNO 9 I probably should have put F to yell but I didn't mine a Harold five and the Palm Beach Post filament they own only one got their info from Sun out the newspapers didn't do all that well And newspapers weren't being delivered anyway by the vote by the buy All right, we're most of the people I talked to weren't getting them did you get your newspapers during the night? Yeah, the one I don't want. Yeah, absolutely Well, that I called to tell them to stop delivering and they're still art. Yes. Yeah. Oh boy Some of the worst news in history Robert sheer fired at the LA times That's the sign of our times one of the great comments for like about About 30 minutes if the LA times got fired on Friday as the Nazis start to go and take in a whole thing like this There's a new Rogers This is 5.62 Oh We're buying away Brian Wilson would be up on the stand now Seems he forgot that lot very unusual is it really something can now Well, I'm glad to sad call my attorney and come up with a plan now It'll be no Trying to take time for the way Yeah, the price will fit the bands on blanket to straight now And since he market a smile, no, we'll never take part into base now He is promotional blitz. You're basically one of these I've been in space now It'll be no First time trying to take Brian's profit away 1032 a QA and we had the mole mice to write to this afternoon. May dog three solid hours today for the seven little bonus for you Curtis Stevenson seven to 1030 by the way ducked at a whole new schedule on here aren't you impressed? Man is he doing it away That is really some heavy duty work per case warm-up About 1030 night Clarissa's out there with the beast. I'm assuming is the beast on that trip to I don't know We don't really care and Joseph Gathe of course well, you know what we think Yeah, and so we got hurricane warm up a 1030 from Seattle and then the BCA class it from Seattle whatever that is U.M. and Air Force basketball 11 o'clock tonight, and that's no way to kill me Once they do want to come in like that at that hour especially when he's gonna be 60 years old pretty soon I totally so Who was closest after after all? Because I remember I picked 62 I picked 38 and Josh said 61 so oh you're there now Yeah, yeah, good choice with that mock three turbo razor roll. You probably should have mentioned it Yeah, yeah, because you only said the mock three razor Well, I have a mock three which I don't know what that one does, but it doesn't have a little battery Right, it doesn't yeah, it's not a turbo. I said the mock three vibra. I didn't know you know vibrader Yeah, well, I'm not into buying vibraders like you and you're a lady friend. Okay I mean I'll leave that to you guys. Okay, and what I was gonna say is the reason it's so big is because you've been shaving with disposable razors Right, it's big in his heavy discosal razor And it's like you know, it's so light you don't even know you're holding it and the razor too Yeah, but the mock three turbo is pretty So we used to it and you used to the little vibrate which I don't know I don't need the vibration I mean if you just shave the weight does what that's a vibrating I'd be just fine, you know, but anyway, that's these young punctures You know they rub up against the door frame right away Yeah, you know, you know, they're stuck in all emotional have to change the run-to-worse Right Robert's here. This isn't up to make me change my underwear But at the other end Robert's here was fired Friday from the LA times without explanation replaced by right wing crazy person Jonah Goldberg Oh my god Exactly The LA times in fact I read I was written up on it trying to get more information about it Robert's here Well the great liberal columnist. Oh that's a dirty word for over 30 years now. That newspaper but man and It's just the way things are going on. I read the LA times was doing some phone Tell a marketing business and we're called people up and say well if they if our newspaper was less liberal Would you be subscribed to it? How do you like that? I don't so it's a real subtle move not as everybody See in the far the bizarre part of it is there there behind They don't realize that that's on the way out now is the public finally a little slow on the uptake The public's finally catching on and the polls now show that bush owes points But the big media still owned by them. No, that's correct And the LA times was bought off by some according to one blog note I read the by some right bunch of right wingers So all you're gonna read is fashion's propaganda from now on see better just hang on to us So it probably is good that I'm here. Oh, I do miss those signings. You know what? Don't we have one I told you the first call a first child would be a masculine child And the first call would be a great call do you see that was great. Oh, I'm just those signings Oh, yeah, man probably here's some more bad news Let's get the bad news out of the way then we'll find a good stuff if there was any I doubt it Florida governor fat ass jib bush to brother of our president ruled out running for president in 2008 But kind of like David Cassidy and oh when you do your interviews in Germany The news always gets back you know how David came out of the well kind of your fairy him and he was going all three ways And the German newspaper and then when the article came out in this country I didn't really mean it and I don't speak German and the if being a he's being I'm Berlin or whatever Anyway, but your fan asked governor left open a possibility way subsequently didn't interview with a German magazine published yesterday Fan asked you a Bush was scheduled a visit Germany this week told focus weekly. That's hocus-pocus focus weekly He had not thought much about running for the office held by his father and older brother except to rule out the next election at the end of George W. Bush's second term. He should never say never but for the 2008 election my answer is definitely no He said and comments translated into German by the magazine asked whether isn't it interesting that the bushes are in Germany now How what if they got their hip boots on? They're hit wonder if his wife is like a shoplifting asked whether his answer many later challenge was possibly said Let's say there's a vague chance Bush 52 said he spoke frequently with his brother and visit the White House whenever he wasn't DC But he said the two maybe this guy's family matters or sports I'd be like that Family matters or sports How about those Texas Rangers? How does your doing really good? We need to on it 398 votes on the pool. Let's take a look and see if Tom Tickle was right everybody wanted the TV audio on radio during Wilmo Where'd you get your best information TV? 107 TV audio on radio 95 now? Do we know we don't really know do we? What other stations were like doing their own coverage besides us and I would be maybe FDL and J and I don't know I don't because I'm assuming that most of the FM just opened up the TV audio when you think you think TV audio on radio had 95 but WQM has 74 That's not bad at all. Okay, a very strong third place show in which makes us feel a little bit better about all that tremendous work that we did for a couple of days Internet 65 WI would do only 28 Sun Sentinel 13 WGNO 10 Miami hold only five and a Palm Beach post still solvent take Uno Un not good. Oh and guess what? What? I never I didn't really wonder but I had no bases for saying remember when Shepherd Smith We were a WI of DNA your causeway yeah and channel 7 being right next door and we used to see the Visual abilities in law Cricky Tickle Sanchez and then the day that what's your name came over and bitch me out because I kept talking about her instruments and Now he fits well we used to see Shepherd Smith in the parking lot And I would see him in fact he was a big fan of the show when he was in town and he'd say And he also got I'd say you fair I wasn't in Santa with thinking well anyway here's the verification now The gay oriented Houston voice has outed two TV people news people and he's the term news people very loosely CNN's Anderson Cooper who sends me straight to the pooper although he's not as wine he's Aaron Brown and he has better here And I think that's what put Aaron over the edge the wineiness and the word that sharp truce PC had need most look good they've out at CNN's Anderson Cooper and Fox news channel Shepherd Smith Now the reason I was doing that thing about the parking lot and the fact that I was always aware of that Chris channel 7 was basically a fruit farm anyway and probably still It was okay, it was a you pick him but your good close friend Lynn Samuels who hates you like poison Oh chef shifted this and she's always writing that grandma's chef Well, that's the reason because he's you know, yeah If there's one thing I cannot and I really mean this I hate to say I cannot stand fat Hags I can't handle it. I can't stand it. I don't understand it. I don't want to understand it. It makes me nauseous So the only qualification you have to have for somebody like Glamonti was that you're gay Well, I know plenty of people like it a lot of them. I wouldn't I don't want to be anywhere near around or Smell you know, it's pretty strict criteria. Yeah, that's it as long as you're gay He just loves you so this business about she loves me and she loves this show Up your is okay Lynn go away. She also loves the you're on the that the right wing self-hating piece of turd Miss fun do fair anyway Charging that they choose to hide and deceive and a protective in terms of images at the expensive contributing important Weight and star powered the gay rights civil rights movement managing editor Kevin Nath claims an editor Eleparing in the current edition of the voice that's the Houston voice that Smith wants to try to pick him up in a gay piano bar in New York City That's chef and that Cooper dodges the question about a sexual orientation in the recent New York magazine They're being by saying the whole thing about being a reporter that you're supposed to be an observer and be able to adapt with any group You're in I don't want to do anything that threatens that he's busy watching. He likes to watch. He's a living it commented in the app does he believe that female and African American reporters like credibility to cover story since their minority status is showing good point Nath whoever you are Kevin Kevin that how you like that so two more and so next thing We write up there with Miss Potter Mark Potter ball to the mark and Richard Sushinger and who's the one from Pete Wilson Pete That is name I don't know not people. He was the government California. What is his name Pete Williams? Okay? What is his name the government? I keep in track of these gay politicians Pete Williams. You know he used to be the oppressed I could hear for a Clinton Pete Williams for Christ's sake. Let's roll with you man You see that you met a star catch him up on your fairies for you. You sure don't know Of exploding ball coming up tonight on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story They were from Scotland with the accents are so thick they don't even disappear when you sing like with regular British people They were the proclaimers We're charlie and Craig Wayne identical to him brothers Oh I guess that's the band was unknown in America until they're song recorded in 1988 and it up on the soundtrack of the film Benny and June in 1993 Oh Couldn't get the proclaimers could we know sorry. I'm just an intern here. They told me to prime my best This is great the fact is the band kind of dropped out of sight It said on the internet that they decided raising their families was more important to them I'll be talking about now. Well a Benny and June was a Johnny debt movie Johnny debt Jesus. I would do Johnny debt Me too. What is it about it? I don't know. I know what you mean No one would dislike to know you make them and slide off the other seats for real. He is hot I mean I'm not gay or anything. I'm just saying no, I mean you didn't admit Yeah, that anyone's man need to be Johnny deaths totally They're proclaimers Anyone who gets you thinking about Johnny debt get the all bad It's a big juicy so being a mature business tonight on inside the new we rule Okay, 10 46 let's get some intensive hockey talk here. What do you say not just a joke? Just a joke. Okay, we're the fact this is uncle being like didn't get a lot of important information from you after the hurricane See I didn't want to put the real larger show on here because I don't want to slide the rest of our colleagues on the station ready to Slightly way yeah, we did now I would have been tacky to do that when it went like self serving like patting myself on a back Which I just did it I stopped me. Oh, thank you. So I didn't that quick QAM on there It says but the rest of the station was totally useless is this fact useless and now come on What if you wanted to hear about sports right? Well, that's what it says nobody else could provide it any useful information when Well, finally came out of hiding he just went about his usual sports nerd talk like nothing and ever happened going with the total over again That's what I would but for you. It says I think it's a vote But it's what they meant but it says but I would but for you, but not for the right but no for the rest of QAM Well, he's had this in a hurry Just like they released about big fine burger and at what it's a accessing all the repairs That wasn't their mistake that was the South Florida business journal all those two intellectuals there that Have all the stock and all the interest in me. All right. They just have a little bit of people tapping their crap 560 5060 pound five 60 me Verizon singular wireless lines Let's hear it for those patriots. I think it is for you talk about guts First plan again Corey Dilling it seems you don't see him no more and as the game progresses And it wasn't progressing very well. It was pretty coma inducing Every about a couple of plays is another guy got injured. They're like phone like flies Like God is trying to punish the patriots and all of a sudden they still pull it right out of there Right there in the ass into the game nice go on boys and the doll fans You know three and six not a very good start. I would say Josh and your team came through like you I was in a incredible game. I watched it not all of it, but enough I saw the Patriots came to so that was a good fourth quarter Yeah, they played well. I played one quarter the one that really counts I guess you know when you're all injured You might as well save all your energies for when it really counts for crunch time as they say and I hate those people to say crunch time Yeah, crunch this WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You should try the vibrating the lupa it's awful Yeah, back to what is guy used any lupa I use his vibrates. Yeah That's probably Josh's got one of those a lupa and a lupa go leave a go But you're right the mock mock tree turbo where I got no complaints pretty expensive though Pretty heavy duty. I know if I can afford that and then and then the replacement cartridge is like only for them because I don't know how long is supposed to use those How long do they last? I'm asking you and you haven't even used it, but I do like I don't know where you get what you mean You do you tell me you use a brown electric razor what do you mean most in the time because I don't like the the razor bone faction But you don't like the razor bump action that's up there was the whole appeal of it. Is that a vibrate? What I just mean I don't that's why I use a like my vibrating toilet paper or two That would be real exciting mr. Wipple's got a new one. It vibrates by a certain amount of squeeze it where they fell in that You float them. WQAM hello WQAM hello We want teams to be afraid of coming to play at all in the stadium All right That's it we want them to be afraid be very afraid like that bit which I have no idea where that is yeah Oh God that's it. That's all our material for today I don't maybe you just aren't gonna get a lot of calls because these people are like trying to mop up their lives Although it is November 14. It did live in into me It is I didn't spirit of Canton that spots a minor number 15 with a cable and I mean that's tomorrow I don't know so if there's anybody out there any poor slippers that don't have their cable back tomorrow Sounds like pretty good pretty good on today right come any QAM hello QAM hello Neil yes sir hey how you doing this great sensational I got a call to thank you I I've been transforming to the body wash and I've gotten late more in the last couple of weeks I've been using it that I ever have Do I go that's because you don't think anymore like you did from that soap from that lava soap that pumice but I got asked you I went to Bath and body works in the mall yeah, I asked her about a leaf and she looked at me cross I she never heard of it before where did you get yours drugstore a drugstore you know I have to go to like a bath shop just a drugstore like wall greens or other bodyworks carries their own products Yeah, I got a drugstore forget about that place and it's L E E F A L E A F A and then there's one called a lukeau with a rahati spell. Yeah, just it'll be on the rack Wherever the body washes are they'll have like a little you know a little a prox hanging out when he is shelf yeah, they're right. Yeah, I gotta tell you to I tell them to drive through Ben and Jerry's and I'm gonna find you dead about a week. Oh are you serious? Yeah, it's on plate and 441 over there by the you know my god. Okay, remember your flowers pali See I'm off of Ben's series You know that sounds crazy but it's always in place that with something else equally Well, you know what it was it was the hog and I was Ben and I know yeah, finally I finally got through with A yesterday without any hog and I don't even like hog and I said I don't like any of their other flavors because like I've told you Is it in times due to watery? It's where it's got too much water content. I think you are a bit in it I am well and what you do that I think we all did yeah, so seriously, it's just it's just so good It's and it's got like kind of a caramelized. It's almost like always Yeah, darling now you're getting me because when you're like nukid and you like get it all nice and Goopy and in the bottom of it. It's got like kind of a mushy caramelized. Oh, it's like a bit in his foster Man, I should sue them. I should sue their ass because it's addictive. Oh no, they would make food addictive And look at that storm that's going south of Cuba this time Boy you guys are lucky because if you've got battered again That would be really bad and then we'd have to do more storm coverage Well, seriously, it just pisses me off that you do something you think you did a good job Provided a little bit of a service and it's like there's no recognition So if you expect any recognition especially for my jackass like Tom Jick or anybody else that ran bananas Fast through there in a hero. You're not gonna get it. Don't do it for the rewards just do it because it's the right thing to do That's all it. That's the deal in South Florida. The only reward I get is twice a month in the um below and that's plenty WQAM hello Yes, sir, yeah Great. You're sure Miss those signings don't you I wanted to weigh in on the body wash and a few other things if you've got some time Go I got four hours. Okay, who is off on the body wash? I was doing I've tried it. I used it occasionally, but it's just for me It's a lot easier to just take a dollar You know, I've got our genic darling and just you know rub myself all over with it. Ah Okay Just say you know individual thing. I don't know why you say it's easier what's easier about it? Well, why's that easy? No, no, there's no I don't have I'm got a dozen bottles of body wash and there's no No one has got a pump on it. That's hands-sob You're not even buying the right stuff body wash doesn't have a pump something You're not the ones that I'm getting huh? You're just like a squeeze bottle and it's squeeze when they bottle too Right the two sort of you can't stand them are you are hateful more I can't stand it Even but I got a ratchet show because he's got such good depth on the dash Be able to let's do one in the country. Yeah, well, maybe they're just shut him. I put a gag on his mouth and shut him up Well, you know that would then the show would be perfect. Yeah, and You know that's all I got there. Okay. Have a great day, pal. I'm going to put you up a little bit You know anybody that says it's faster and easier to use soap to take a shower is Dreaming and that's another reason you need either your lufo or leafo or a wash cloth or something Because you I mean what kind of a life is it when we have to instruct the audience and how to take a shower There's something what's wrong with this picture huh? You squeeze your bottle and you learn you amount that you put on there. Okay, with me the lufo Just and just cover the whole surface of it and I close up the bottle put it back on the shelf and at that point You know, you just wet the the lufo before you put the stuff on it so it absorbs it and at that point you got to have to take a So you actually have enough under do two showers right? Let me say the ask for last well the ask you got to do with your hand You don't stick a lufo in your Yeah, okay good guy. Are you crazy? No, maybe you do I don't know Josh this is got that vibrating one a guy was calling about I want to go buy one. You don't stick your lufo in that Crack okay in the crevice maybe you're still candy in the crevice so you're sweet all day But nevertheless crack as well. No that part you better like make sure with because I don't want I'm not going to do a hug You're not leaving me don't let go There are not three me down that highway Okay, I don't want to say what highway we're not leaving me down that highway today No, that part you got to do the old hand deal But nevertheless No, seriously, but that's them and the ladders up so much that as you're like putting it on It's like you realize tell your arms under your the whole deal man your legs your feet your ankles You're taking like ten times the shower of a clean all that schmutz off of yourself as you did with the old soap and that last guy I think he's he's doing the soap back to him. It's not a good idea very bad Especially you like Sally used to say if you can't get it out This is new Rogers This all of this thing you're calling like man My father please This is the new Rogers This is your door You know I told that I can play football for the rest of the season I may put play football player and this is what I do It really hurts me not to be a part of the team I came here to help the game was getting super bowl and win the big game When I got hurt last year You didn't want to say my seeds of over I fall off the food world And everything possibly could risk my car And they have to use when the soap won And I'll say some of the show is a hell my greatest risk I guess I'm talking my greatest So you are father You're a power You can't come back to a war It's the key goal to have you walk with me These idiots so badly but you're added to a war Don't you give a college is terrible Don't tell you it's not a reaction Still they look down on you too All your gunball It's time that you spontaneously to your co-gen team So my echo is angry I owe you enough knowledge We had a lot of wins together and I think even in our respect You have a coach and other person This will away please It's 1100 fine Jesse Jackson's all been on a shape about that big Grandstanding exploitation expert Jesse Jackson will get to that the Reverend Jesse When he's not the word about that love child he's worried about T.O. not Toronto But Terrell owns who used to be Terrell owns I think God punished him for changing the way we pronounce his name don't you? I'm gonna say it 474 votes on the poll. That's okay. That's spectacular During Wilma where did you eat your best information TV 120 the TV audio on radio 110 That's what times jickle was all whipped up about but WQAM 90 almost as many as TV audio on radio I guess we probably did the right thing by not just leaving the TV audio on there all at the two weeks Although we could add a couple of weeks off We don't take that's that yeah nice next hurricane Get that TV audio on your fact maybe we could have time jickle calling in from home and interspersing a few stupid comments QAM 90 internet 76 WI with the only 41 boy how the my and of course I were granted We're doing it with our audience so you know that skews it there's no question about that But they just aren't the newest force no mole because That's cheap panel for you good luck. Adam you'll need it Although he's probably making a right move, you know, I like those months of passion The wasn't cheap channel but it was but I never did I enjoy in a way there was some there was some trying times We had at the drug and pd will we had two drug and pd's but nevertheless and we had the Trafford lady the militant bitch Trafford lady Right and And then we had the the juve for Jesus traffic lady right now was running right picking a juice for Jesus or whatever she was but never last It was more like a real radio station Pax and I OD certainly and I'll say this for I'm sure how know how to sell it show Remember those days? I do we were always sold out always and they got to have a lot I know how to do it as opposed to a Cox broadcasting Hey, you're doing exactly what your specialty is okay just open up the pot put a bunch of slush on a your blackslush White slush that's what you guys a Cox broadcasting are real good at okay because broadcasting it you It's just too much hassles too many too much green too much Picking in a waste basket you know what I'm saying oh yeah I don't want to mention no names of anybody taking a waste basket, but that's embarrassed That's my opinion. I'm like this. Yeah, hey, I might have another one I was not loving 30 yet, but it's not too much too early QAM 91 the Internet 77 I OD only 41 the Sun sent only 14 WGNO 12 90 heard six and the Palm Beach post five out of 4779 vote Here is something that I think is really very important you won't either one here anybody else but I do This is from the Harold Justin It says America you can keep your red lobster your Broadway musicals your trading spouses and keep your aston your iPods Newo Hips to bowling at least 47 year old Madonna in purple egg warmers in every desperate housewife on a planet We know what rains is the king of American popular culture the number one show in syndication for two decades and you know what it is Will oh torture Oh what are you not what are you gonna tell me Jeopardy you're gonna start giving me that crap again Jeopardy the answer. Oh, they're the comparison boring boring coma inducing those suits man I show for suits and that Canadian Alex trip back that silly conduct in its second day searching for potential vowl buyers The wheel had run nearly a thousand want to be contestant to be similar hard rock hotel and casino yesterday You're a thousand people there. It's got a picture here the crowd right and out of the ugly Huh housewives mostly that mostly I did you see this no were you right they waited the long lines praying that their names would be tucked from a hopper So they could come on down and solve a mock puzzle come on down. Is that the wrong show? I would say I see a lot of energy and feel a lot of love here Shotted Marty Lublin a 30 something actor Was the show's travel on Pat Say Jack he's the one that gets everybody whipped up. Let's get crazy Let's get nuts Lublin boomed up up up Isn't that with the little kid was saying in the guy father and Marlon Brando fell down when he was doing this spring the oranges up up up Number there. Yeah No, he wasn't who was all done. He was all done. The audience left to their feet in hooded trusting hands and babies in the year Lublin embraced an exchange requisite game show banter with the chosen few who would each round or mostly women a large percentage We're school teachers Yeah, one woman pered in the microphone. I'm a housewife and I'm very very desperate Oh, there must be her right there. Yeah, there's actually some good looking chicks in this picture here and one good looking guy Yeah, don't want to look like me really ugly. They eat so- They mean really ugly. They eat so- They mean letters. They say for writing like H is an R as well as standard and van a work the letters in black marker The illuminated panels are for the big time in LA if you're lucky enough to make it past Lisa D The executive director for marketing and promotion that so many pictures television Which also produced smarter sibling jeopardy smarter student look and elect you D is looking for contestants who have the whole package Uh-oh Can they make the quick decisions that they understand that are combination. They have stage presence and actual enthusiasm She said I like to compare it to getting into a really great college. Oh, yeah, they got some real rocket scientists on that show. Oh, brother Some of the dumbest bastards Can they make quick decisions and they understand letter combination? They have stage presence Bouncing as if she had down 17 red bull from casino bar Christina Perry 20-hour Jacksonville One of the chance to audition a second time that they were bouncing. It's amazing to think I could play a game I've watched my whole life practice. He said hugging her winnings a red wheel fany pack a spin this travel mug Yes, spin this a t-shirt and keychain. I'm just shaking. She said oh, oh man And wouldn't you be with all those that all that booty to take home? Yeah Big booty. Yeah, Lynn downs of Hollywood described appearing on wheel as a once in lifetime opportunity Sunday was the second time the 38-year old public events coordinator stood online next to downs Varsuit cross a 69-year-old retired receptionist since he'd like to average a banjan earlier game show appearance three decades ago She was on bowling for dollars. I had to ball up in my thumb just as well She said the ball flew in the ear came down in the gutter. I couldn't die. She said oh, that's bad for thumb swell By the end of our distance on Sunday crosses name wasn't called, but she was optimistic The show is keeping everybody's name a lot of info potential contestants stand by I could get a phone call for that She said you never know you know what that reminds me of what I'm sure you're thinking probably the same thing Yeah You know you're not Sarah a Sarah. Are we just fun? Are you okay? What a great movie You got a stop that, Mar Yeah He was great Jennifer common as great Ellen Burston was great acting everybody was great right writing every We went through that whole thing on Thursday. I've never let's do it again and then Josh and Miguel stiff me on Friday Because I had my Alzheimer's kick in and I said I suffered about out bulb and came up And I said we'll look to hell How about out bulb when is the myriad and that and I picture I couldn't think of team America world police And Josh's Josh's responses excuse for not being able to jump right in with it Well, if you would have said puppets instead of myriad next I would have got it I'm not gonna let you know know your puppets mister. I think that right now We'll have a seminar on it. This is a socks puppet right this right area that yeah They know puppets in team America world police their myriad and this is a shadow puppet no strings attached This is a puppet. Yeah, you just don't know your crap 567 old but he does know his raises though even though he doesn't use it because he's a macho guy It likes that brawn that we'll manly brawn razor You know the one I could you like real rash all of your neck It really like studs it Well, and you got to big bucks like he has you got that big raise now whatever half of it with that if they come sure not no Well, seriously, what's those that or I know nothing's going on right now What what even in other words they told you not getting it? They haven't told me anything. Oh, well, I mean you're gonna get it Because when parents comes back from his basketball being a juvenile sports nerd crap on Wednesday I'm gonna raise holy hell about that. I remind him that a week from Friday is payday again the 25 see one thing have the scrubber with these bastards if you start reminding him like about 10 days ahead When you get to last check that's when you start reminding him about the next one and where it works It works since I started doing that it really nudging them and pestering them taking a payout on my mother's song book just Pressed every day. It's payday and eight days. It's payday and seven days of the text keep showing up on time On there's that woman again from Jordan. Oh, it's the suicide bottom. How many thousand times have we seen that over the weekend Off my screen and tomato head, okay. Yeah, what do I pull the cord and blow her up this time? That's it pull the cord and see if it's still a detonating or not. Okay, and get over with already Wonderful Jordanians that we love so much like we're kidding somebody somebody who a and hello hey. How are you doing Neil great? I heard something on the TV that now corporate America is well channeling all these retirement plans and now we got a You know Hey, all of everybody's retirement plans, too that all these unions these Part-business unions were the ones responsible for in the first place. Yeah Quick slam. Yeah. It's the union people. You know right. That's where I'll least our business unions Oh god go it call up where you're from and have a good chat in the phone, okay? And talk about what it being a self-hating to is all about maybe a misfudger won't be long distance W to Q a and hello Okay good. W to Q a and hello Yes, sir. I think Gallic law which would be on this commercial with curts the alley. He looks like a fluke Oh probably yeah So you're great. I haven't seen He wasn't that he was a myriad and that movie that public movie though And now he's in Louisiana helping the bill house and some people don't have any I saw them on a piece paper. He's like not free on it now Well, maybe somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his back though. We never know Or might get him to choose with Kevin what's his name? Spacey I don't know. All right, it was a bicycle pump. Okay, how many votes? We got on that poll now our goal today is 500 We got 498 then we can go home 498 vote during will moment where you get your best information TV 126 All right See I don't understand how with that many people had their TVs go, but they must have all had portable TVs Battery operated or generators and generators that's correct all of it together All these things TV audio on radio 119 the stations adjusted the lazy thing it opened up the pot and put the TV sound on it We did that one day only for the protective aura. I hope and they didn't want to get sued WM92 that's 18.5 percent not too shabby if you ask me and you welcome internet 79 Oh, there's a Jordan again. There's that ratison hotel. We're getting real tired of them Internet 79 WI would be 44 Yeah, it's really interesting, but all these schmattains over there when as long as it was somebody else then it was okay Then they had their mouth shut out. That's okay. Yeah, and we like Osama a lot and now that I happen to them Oh my god, we're indignant we're marching we're protesting. But you know, let's screw you guys. Okay, screw you WLOD 44 son Sentinel 15 WGNO 12 mommy Harold seven pumbies post five out of 502 Oh, we got where go our goal. We're in rest easy. Oh, we can sit back relax. Let's go home Just like that sales bitch now who calls in sick every day I don't want to tell anybody who told us that but now whole sales department's bailing out by the way. I want to know that So Joe over there across the street. We got the big numbers. You don't have any numbers and you're spending an arm and five legs for a really horse ball Of football teammates like three and six. That's an embarrassment. They really are bad I mean seriously, if ever there was a day where they were gonna win with all the injuries that the Patriots had and then encountered during the game during the first three quarters Yesterday had to be that day even Josh would agree with that. I would agree with that But how could you all all mentally tanker facility? That was like a listen There's a fire and medley how to pop your pilot flying over the area with WFR the affiliate Actually, we're trying to get that in right now as soon as we get that Fire at a liquid ash fault tank farm and south-footed medley. There's a fire Ooh, look at that. We're gonna be all flames there in a big black clouds There's no it's not really a big deal, but it's you know they got to pictures and they got to WFR There's a fire. Oh, a lot of smoke. They're blowing a lot of smoke on CNN 11 13 by the way Speaking of CNN house Anderson, Cooper do you fair and speaking of Fox house your buddy shepto You fairie that that was great. I love that. Yeah, I think that as long as these people keep standing in a closet It's about time to drag their ass out. You don't understand kicking it when it down drag their ass out enough Almighty would as closet tight as stand up and be a real man risk closest you're ever gonna be kicking in screaming I'll scream you right most especially chef. She's a screamer And this is she Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger You I just want to feel I'm doing right now Get the practice thing I'm doing right now I'm starting with the guy named me I feel sad, really I'm dying out there Yeah, I'm pretty sad Really really happy I love it now I hope on a pitch it's not bad But do I have to write it down Get the practice thing I'm going to write it down I've got to go with the guy named me The guy named me I have to write it down I've got to get the practice thing I've got to write it down I've got to write it down I've got to write it down Okay, 19th grade 11 and five, 60 WDQA I'm happy Monday too We got the molemysterate to a clock Everybody ready for that You bet they are, I'm all ready to go In fact, he can come on right now As a matter of fact, I've got 11, 30 sounds good to mind I'm sure it's man The no-mad surf shop in Voting Beach Lost thousands of dollars after Hurricane Wilma Without power for days the store couldn't open Water-roon merchandise damaged equipment Westerens Smith, who lives in Hollywood Westerens and announces an announcer at a radio station Wether it Westerens Smith, you know who that is? Ever heard of it He works at an announcer at a radio station They don't say which one though? Yet, maybe we will get to it I doubt it though I'm scratching my head trying to figure out how to pay my bill Said Smith, who came here from Jamaica Mine, all along that case, the Caron Nero's Dallistation Yeah, I'm not! I guess the normal which one But I always pay the mine time But the storm came along and had a sternary Spenters don't have any income right now I'm having a hard time Said Western Smith This year's Hurray Cains caused distress and financial pain For millions of South Florida Speak out of the Hurray Cains by the way What girls team and they play next week Do you mean this week Georgia Tech? Oh brother Well, what kind of a schedule do they play? What do you mean the schedule is a great line? Huh? Georgia Tech ranks Get out of the rank You put on too many letters on there They're rank Get out of here You women the little girls team See they played like a marginal team Oh, well we shouldn't have played FSU in the first game Well, it was also their first game wasn't it? There's a lot of lame excuse that is It's so typical in the cry babies at UM Yeah, yeah, we last the game So now they got to play like all the little girls team The rest of the season Hopefully they can like build up a really impressive record They make me sick This year's Hurray Cains caused distress and financial pain For millions of South Florida Some lost their homes businesses and livelihoods All have to dig in their own pockets to get their lives back to normal Florida, Ponderland, loot and its stockholders However, we'll feel a little financial This comforts is this article in the prestigious Sun Sentinel The company will pass along and prepare bill for Rican Katrina's Real Rida and Wilma Now I've been in dollars to its 4.3 million customers Most of whom live in South Florida of course And FP000 subscribers already paying hefty surcharge To cover last year's Hurray Cain repairs And the utilities multi-billion dollar fuel bills We'll have to swallow another big rate high January 1 Average residential bills will then jump by 19% or more month to pay for more fuel cost What's going on here? Says the article doesn't FPL pay for anything? Not what it comes to huge outlays Like Hurray Cain repairs and fuel will use to generate electricity Under Florida's regulatory system The company gets to build customers for these expenses The shareholders mean well continued to collect their dividends And watch the prices are stocking up like that jackass they call last was it Friday Oh, they work for me if they're why you're not kidding Everybody had their power back in three days You said a little so long you greedy bastard you I hope that the bird apparatus comes down and drops to HV5N1 virus on your ass Everybody he knew Yeah, all the people on his fellow stockholders He had their power back in three days News of sharply higher power bills Excessed by the customer Still trying to figure out how to pay for their own store damage It's very unfair to set air and more as manager of the surf shop Which can't get hurricane insurance because it's on a barrier island Nobody is paying us back for lost sales Are we going to get a break for going on without power? No, they're just going to keep on taking How can the government love them to get away with robbing us he is? This is a trotis that Smith Ali would come on in on the assurage charges And look what we're facing next year The public service commission grants them whatever they want And he happens to me Absolutely correct I tell I had to be based on which regulations for the plunder will loot and other are utilities must approve Any rating increases in surcharges It gives them feel whatever it asks I'll immediately that again, it typically gives FPL whatever it asks In other words, they have a license to steal To stick their hand right in your wallet to scratch your little bit and grab whatever you got in there and take it Run and laugh These charges while very unpopular are legal A regulated investor on utility I've seen else an odd duck in the business floor They're not duck all right You're ducked in With an apoly on electric power much at end And the arctic ducks will be appointed by the ducks now because of the burblur again So even the aphlect duck You'll be more touching with your hand With an apoly on electric power much at the state FPL plays by different rules for most companies Out of the state regulatory system FPL and other electric companies like progress energy Golf power and tamp electric can if regulators approve May customers pay for damage rough by hurricanes and other natural disasters The commission is a five member panel afforded by the fat ass governor FPL says that its intelligence of search hard is under law that there were properly approved by regulators Sounds like they got a great package as rock cash shankr Ravey's brother and economist with economy dot com an independent research group And regulated in this region normally control the transfer of these types of cost on the consumer If any type of cost increases pass along the consumer it defeats the purpose of regulators Good point Rock cash In another and one former another recovery storm damages common practice of any American utility is going to troll you great Second director be national association of regulatory utility commissioners a group that includes regulatory bodies like Florida's PSC as for fuel customers and other power companies also cover this cost Just as airline passengers of the urban higher jet price F fuel after Andrew and 92 regulators approved the planet Which FPL collected small monthly payments from customers about 23 cents an average residential bill and accumulated money in the storm reserve Fund to pay for a camera periods Insurance our power lines and pulls the most vulnerable parts of the system you know those rotten Yeah, yes, rotten splitting pulls became primitively expensive and dried up so that fuel spokesman builds swank Storm restoration is part of the overall cost of making and delivering electricity to our customers swank added for that reason The PSC allows us to recover prudently incurred storm expenses from our customers. Yeah, Yamamaville, Yamama by 2004 the fund had about $154 million FPL spent at a last year's storm a person in need an additional 532 million during hearing earlier this year Regulators allowed them to collect almost the entire amount. Harold McLean the state's public council and consumer advocate question this decision Which will take money out of taxpayers pockets until 2008. That's not so great, but don't pay late because it was just your name power off Including Mike May or once you'd have hold a dollar back to make a big protest. Yeah, hold this Mike hold the mail So so tragic it kind of reminds me of Chuck Meira knows turnpike memories that big campaign and Rick and says jump on the band wagon I kind of I realized that I want to jump on at the limit so I stayed off. What were we supposed to do take the quarters in like my magic marker amount? I see when you when you put the turnpike tool in put a magic marker thing through the turnpike tool, so as a way of protest I have no idea what that meant and they went ahead and increased it anyway, which we only we're gonna do. I mean black ink on the quarters that and stop them. No Maybe like maybe a quarter in there. I don't want to done the job all the way. Every time they stood up they kept falling out like my green But nevertheless a quarter of what your foot 26 past one that's Chuck Meira showed that would have been a real winner if I would have just jumped on his red way A lot of fire he's the best I love those interviews. He's really great. Yeah, what a horrible show We wanted Renuri back, but they can't no wonder Mike is dead, you know what I think Chuck Meira's got his blood on his hand broken They broke for Mike had to go up through to Palm Beach and work on and make believe station up there and like Just horrible. Here's a good guy showed up every day with his flash. It was a great guy With a blue jacket man, who good guy Mike we knew really screwed him over. He did made them a lot of money for a lot of years Well, I made this just work it like that. We're gonna make a five green. I'm telling you there's a guy to your faces your good buddy Bob Green He's a backstabber the Ojas when they made that song that we're thinking about him. Just keep that in mind. Next time you take him to the swimming club to try to get his ugly ass laid Just keep that in mind, okay? Okay, peace of turn still best the friends right still best the right Why don't come in on Monday? No coming on Tuesday. Yeah. Yeah, remember that? I do yeah best friend my ass Bob Green silly goose I wonder what he and sure or used to come back all the shirbel from lunch over there when 27 past orders you're present leaving for China. He's going to Mongolia. I wonder if he'll meet any Mongolia and idiots there He's going to China South the way of Japan Alaska. Oh, he's all over the place any any taste of it here And he's still hate him. You went to Latin America thought he was gonna give a little reprieve get out of the out of Dodge Now I hate him there too. I got your breath for a beautiful as Gabriel Solis She keeps the neighbors talking on with story Elaine But it's actress Eve Longoria who has the whole country talking and when she wanted to tell her story She talked to us. I want sex has sex always been something that you have Absolutely can you handle this partner? Yes, I could have a team of guardians a team of guardians six you have made some Surprisingly candid remarks like they about six have I Coming up I love sex Racic See name it. I've done it And take line continues. It's that this is hysterical. Are you watching CNN? Yeah developing story You know if like you took like any dumb a trash dump You know okay, and they're burning like a little bunch of stuff and Fire is like almost completely out fire right liquid asphalt ain't far from in South Florida and it's like I guess nothing else is going on today and there aren't any more soldiers down we are like 2006 these time we can't even keep track and then of course we got female suicide bombers that we're getting sick and terror To the center we as push area, yeah, we can be watching her again instead of there So like I said I'm all excited about this look at the quencent hut It yeah, it's a quencent hut and it's got like a little fire in it and they're they're picking water on it And there's nothing going on it's not a middle of nowhere the wire taking such a precaution Absolutely the explosion thing to all who there like I said I haven't physically dust to the area But yeah, well that's good. Hey watch around CNN. You don't have to go there captain. There's your fire What's the out crews they fire rescue? He's cruising at it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty me Verizon singular wireless lines Let's hear it for those patriots. I'll be sitting again Oh, all these clowns in denial. We're just for a hot head of Helver game yesterday Neil and you're gonna see Ronnie Brown and Ricky. Oh, we're got you guys suck. Let's face it playing a bunch of guys like these guys all had cast on okay, it's other than Brady and Teddy Brouski Just about everybody else on the line of defense and offense is playing like with it they had walkers and Cains and crutches and they still went on kick their ass pretty sad man pretty pretty sad situation for the 73,000 plus announced there it Dolphins stadium my ass pretty sad just like your pants is man blowing every game in the last few seconds That was shocking that was just just unbelievable unacceptable outrageous But then again as anybody really cared oh in fact every discussion I see on TV here on the sports nerd channels when they talk about which NHL teams have got to go in the next couple of years They start with Carolina they don't draw flies Carolina Atlanta Florida Panthers and a couple of others and a high-notch so mighty ducks So you better go out there and see your team pretty soon boys in fact the pants is played a Canadian zone two days that game That's in there isn't it got to be because we're just in Montreal here a week or two ago Said it must be right there Josh All right, well says here panthers at the Montreal Canadians and then at Ottawa is that true? They're back in Canada again. I doubted but that's what it says on my schedule. I bet that's wrong Somebody check out the panthers see if it's a home game on Tuesday and Thursday or if they're actually on Canada again Boker residences how about listing a 50 yeah, that's right. I should put that on there a 50 okay WFTO okay Well, I should have done that but I have no idea what they are or who any of that that's a station and normally used to be on that's got a Point oh, it's got even lower numbers than Joel station It says how about listing a 50 WFTO you're less and most of these stations radio and TV You don't realize radio waves don't stop traveling when they get to the county line So WOD may come on and say Monroe they didn't broward schools are close That that and see any way of Palm Beach schools are open same as true for WGN and over to overlapped into broward at least 50 doesn't discriminate and we sure is how did neither okay? We did broward pa a date and Palm Beach in that order, right? Right because I think that's all that's where audiences number one and Number two and date and number three in Palm Beach By the way, it isn't Montreal it isn't Montreal yeah, so the paths are at home. So have no fear All the Canadians are pretty hot, man. You got to hold a team least fit me other night, but that was a fluke There was like Sukey goals heighted up But the Canadians are right and of course auto one Thursday you can put that already in the lost column I know I want to be a pessimist but talk that up in the lost column already is Jo Angel would say boy we sure must join you know it now. Who'd you rather work with David? Bring your Jo Angel oh, sorry Did you then I did we even games when Jo was still there or not? No, yeah, how many seasons is they've been there now? Two or three five five five yeah five yeah Totally moly rat man and never got excited once three that's not at least not doing again Maybe at home, but not doing the game and the marlins win the world series Let's all yeah, yeah, he's terminal man. See that's what I hate I just you know I mean the munchers I like can't can he's a great guy But he hangs around with all these losers and they've got to defend them. You know there's nothing wrong with saying it your friends Our losers when it comes to their work Huh? What's the pot of time for about ten minutes Stan Major was a friend of mine? See a broad cast. Oh no, he's just a tragic is what he is said said guy I feel bad no, I don't how's that two grand coming by the way? I'd be worth about a half a minute by now stand but keep it it's well worth the investment to keep him in a distance Come to kill me. I'm hello. Hello. Yes. Is this yours? No, this is Neil chronic Hello, yes, uncle Neil. Yes, man Wow I'm listening to you live and it's not coming now because we're on delay forget about if you just want to Unless okay if you want to hear the sound of your own voice Get a Campbell soup cam and talk into it. Okay. Let's talk right back at you But if you want to talk to me, let's forget about the ready Please, okay, I'm calling some seabream. It took me an hour so please see bring all my time Exactly, holy moly Great coffee and very belated or say number one. Thank you shout out to George well informed here's a shout out to George Hey George Yeah, okay, this is if you're God. He's your same Peter. Okay. Okay. No comment. I'm your Peter Like well, whatever Um, as long as you're circumcised But you both keep me up to speed on on the cultural club because moving up here after born and raised in Miami 55 years But this town is like Miami was in the 50s, but I have two suggestions Yes, one please refer to the Jeb might derby a more appropriate name The smuggler husband. Okay. Don't you think no, I'm still going to come the fan ask governor I think he's a smuggler husband. Well, how about this the smuggler husband fan asked Okay, okay And a second in last and I love you Why doesn't congoly and liza suggest To America Keep well, don't listen to him Don't listen to George always listen to George. Oh, I had to listen to George Why doesn't America and these other wonderful countries make it a law that when they discover the suicide bombers identity Make it mandatory that they imprisoned their whole family members 18 and up Well, 18 when he ate what do I mean 18 and up? It's the kids there 15 and 17 and it was all of it 18 days in up I say Well, yes, that's also good right Well, it's pretty similar. We're gonna have suicide bombing babies pretty damn soon I know He smocked hands they keep her produce it like rabbits like the gypsies Like the most and you have a great name. See bring in exactly have a great day You too, love you see a Okay, see we got a lady that even knew yeah She was great she was good although you always tried to drag these well intention people down the path of perversion Okay, I want to enjoy saying she liked poison and as the George Red ring is blow up doll She's got a voodoo now she keeps sticking it 568 votes on a pull we got 100 and we got 19% little time to eat your heart out It is me who brought you to your One Jennifer you got a couple movies coming out soon and you got some pretty hot love since it's Unin the fighting the paparazzi's got some pictures of you and Vince Vaughan you and Clio Bowen are you? It's something that he's I mean, I really why you are how many guys are you with? I've never counted a ballpark figure. I would say maybe maybe 16 Explosive action Jennifer you might be interested in this Power sex toy I bet it was just a mock three razor Possibly that's all I was it was the mock three turbo razor that Josh and so excited about even when he was his brawn He's brown Right Michael Medvin hey Michael you fair right wing Oh the movie quick again Just let's just keep bringing a parade of right wing jackasses on there. It's all you people do okay You will not take it in the middle you bastards you Anyway, don't Tomson capital. He'll blew your very favorite right when your very favorite website. That's right Wait till you're the title is calm today. I have the one from over the weekend that I'm gonna get to later on But this one we need to put on right now burn in hell mr president See one thing I like about this guys. He's very low key, you know So there's a fire and mentally again Oh, let's hear the latest developments on that part. There's just like a little fire water pitching on the fire and there's nothing going on It's like the middle of an empty thing there There's nothing going on the nearby mobile homes have been evacuated see me if you haven't learned already from last 75 hurricanes They're being employed in a mobile home is probably not a really good idea They may have pumped it would even be better. How positive? Well, like the one they were shown us at that line row of plan Doug Thompson writes my first reaction when I read the transcript of George W. Bush's veterans They speech was anger no not anger rage blind rage how dare he I thought not even the lowest come sucking Son of a bitch in politics would stoop to using a day to one of those who served their country Would stoop to use that day to promote his lies based illegally more lecture size and mass murder Call the invasion to wreck 265 dead by the way three more yesterday. Yes. He would George W. Bush is a pathetic Penillist graph of subhuman trash who lacks any shred of decency or morality So why wouldn't he desecrate the memories of those who serve our nation as a journalist? I'm expected to be dispatched into About events in those who shit them, but I can't be so when it comes to bush He's a liar and a traitor to the Othee's swirl when we came present in the country and we're so hard to destroy Bush is much much more than just a bad present He is a genuinely evil man a raving lunatic who can't face the fact that he's insane politics of politics and Destroyed a one-squake company called America. George Bush is America's an arrogant bully Distressed advice allies hated by most of the rest of the world and divided internally by his divisive duplicitous actions I can no longer regard this maniac with journalists to this passion. I may be a journalist, but I'm an American first And as an American I can't stand silent as a truly evil man destroys the country. I love Polls show most Americans share my distrust of Bush. We all see him for what he is a dishonest Opportunistic political beast who lets nothing stand in the way of his unbridled lust for power He speaks of God of one moment and then calls those who dare to disagree with him mother efforts the next He ends without blinking an ice and more than 2,000 American military men and moving along with countless thousands of Iraqi civilians To their deaths in a senseless invasion based on manufactured evidence and outright lies Then he has the gall to stand up on the day we said the side honor those who served and continue to promote his lies and Call those who see the truth traders away the enemy. Sorry George. Your lies don't play here with the majority majority of Americans It is you who is sold out to your country who is a trader and was committed treason against your office your country and humanity God may one day forgive you for your sins, but I can't neither can the wives the husbands the parents and relatives of those who sent to die for your dirty little war Neither can memories of those who served those we hunted on veterans day and those who's memory you so Calacly dishonored with your propaganda This path on second thought I'm not even sure God can forgive you for what you've done You've lied and you killed in those are sins that even understand you God may have a little trouble for giving If there is justice in the afterlife you'll stand in face that justice for your sins and you may you burn and hell for them Not that he's pissed off for I think you understand me you burn the hell for them Which I said we second that emotion okay? I hate a one people beat around the bush. Yeah, what are you beating around the bush? What are you really think dog? Huh May you burn and hell you miserable do plus it is evil to you absolutely Correct sir and if he's Whitney Democrats would get on her and save to the Ann'ting now, do you was okay, I say he wasn't spectacular He's like a little odd enough, but at least he doesn't be around the bush The 597 votes on a poll will have over 600 by noon I mean we gotta shout at 605 today We don't care what you do, okay It just vote on a full equipment little around with important stuff. I try to give you know, John sent me to pictures of the hurricane in my hood, my house in the area. Yeah. To talk about it is one thing, but actually see it is pretty outrageous, unbelievable. I mean, just almost every tree, no matter how big they were, just got flattened. And the fence is all got flattened. It's kind of like, except for the houses themselves, everything else there was like, stop signs, street signs, flattened. Man, I'm surprised even fat boys asked them to get flattened. I'll go ahead and take them. I would take them. Okay, I'd go where you five. Canterbury six. What do we got? We got 600 votes? How many of if you're, click it, if you were fresh it, we got five 98. During will, we're going to give you your best information. Now these by the way, say from Tom Jika, who was busy at home sitting in a corner with his wife, uh, would a candle, uh, lava going. And now what he said he was sitting in a closet or something? I wonder if shepp was in there with him. Get a cloud of the day. There's him pooper. TV 153 TV audio on radio 149 WBQA M1111 18.5% internet 87 WBWD56 Sun Sentinel 17 WJNO12, which I, I don't know, but I assume that's still the new station in Palm Beach. I don't know. I don't know JNO, JNA, JNU, JN, JEE, WM, Miami, Herald 7 Palm Beach, Phosphop and WFTO. We put it on there and Scott sold a mint. They all know one vote. I've been under too long, but that's, that's not really good sign for PD Lenny and all those other good Jewish salespeople up there. Bob Eisenberg, Tommy Denhamberg, everybody with a bird. We got the only bird we got, hang gobler. We got the only bird they ain't selling. You 50, right? Right. Those poor guys. I'd like to sell those numbers. All the way. I bet you're doing better than the guys selling across the street. Hey, you might buy some spots we got a whole share. We got the fractions. Oh, yeah. .5. Oh. We got nobody listen, but we got a hell of a nice cheap rate for a dollar a dollar. And we got some real talent on here. We got toast and juice and omelette and for Tata and all these things. Mark has said they better kiss the ground that there's a whole lot of people working at QM because they're the only ones who are listening over there. Then, and a crit. And they got the TO show, which has a lot to do with South Florida. We have our 600, I'm getting really nervous about this. I'd like to top 600 by midnight. Okay. I would feel a lot better than the 33. 603 is what you've got. I got 603. We're on the same page. Three weeks later, here's some bad news about your good friends at Florida Planner Reload. Boy, you want to kiss the ground? You've had your parron for a day or a week now. Isn't it a week? They're about? Yeah. Yeah. We could go Sunday. Marie Curary trained for power yesterday. Two days after all of South Florida was to be restored. And after three weeks of living without light's tone or water. But for most of the day, if you stay in the dark and are for a lot of day on mobile home. See there you go again with a mobile home crap. Not a good idea. Still a thermosy as sympathetic neighbors for food, water, and ice. I'm a severe diabetic on insulin who needs to be refrigerated. And now that's that means she needs to be at the insulin. I think we're 273 or whatever the zone. That's like they got stuck that kid in the freezer that we had the story on Friday. Remember that guy? Yeah. Yeah. He was babysitting a little bit. He got on a light stuck in one of them freezers. You know, keep him cool. Right. Cool him down a little bit. I cannot go another day without power said poor Marie. Then a tree of clock yesterday and F.N.L. crew arrived at her home and lit up the place after the sun set and glorified the company of her plate. Thanks to the sun set and I'll for doing a hell of a job. I've got you times your cat is finger with that. Stick your finger in the socket. Tommy, see what it does for you. Okay. Terrarry rejoiced. She played a thick hot shower once a water heated up. You know, and now put on my air. She said, all right. You go Marie. Terrarry lives in the states of Orlando Mobile Home Park. West of I-95 in South of Sterling Road. I've been through the parking back at the Colette Field repeatedly from a part of the house. She went to the clubhouse. I got the same junk she said. We'll report and have a truck out there. Others are still waiting. So, there's still a sun sent all the intervenes. We'll give an early morning. We'll be there. We'll have a truck out there. Sometimes between now and seven years from a surface. And the aftermath of her game will not have to be a spokesman Tom Beanster. And I'm no number of homes remain powerless. Despite the company's school to have the more than three million customers restored by Friday. That's last Friday. That is Monday. He said certain homes are isolated. Even though they were in neighborhoods were all the powers been restored. Our system tells us that everybody's back in who was out. He said, but the system only goes to the neighborhood. It doesn't tell us that a single home might still be out. Most of those are in Broward. How do you like that? It took the part of the storm. Beanster said, if anybody is still out resting with calls, so we can make sure we're not leaving anybody behind. And the number of call is 1-800-4-outage 1-800-4-688-2-443-1-800-4-outage. Call us. You know, see what kind of run around. I mean, see the great service you're going to get from them. All they want is your money, baby. That's all they want. They want your money. No. Don't ask any questions. Don't get poofy. Don't pitch about the squind or falling down poles. All of these things just send them a big fact check. Third, you've been working on a big fat one of the staff's wounds. What I heard? That's right. Roll it up just for their, I'll be damned. How's that sales department coming by the way? We are here in stories now that would make here grow on your testicles. Man, just this unbelievable. Make here grow on your big toe. Just amazing. Oh, look at that. A five foam truck, a ride of the scene of that tank fire. Man, there's your screen a lot of time on that. What was going to happen? That was a number one priority to get there. There's a little tank Eric Baum of the big fire rescue. There's a picture in water. When the process of putting the foam in for our testicle, we're going to go ahead and distinguish the fire. This has been a isolated area of medley. It's an entire isolator of medley. It's if medley is a nice laden up. There ain't nobody with an 85 miles of this place except a few idiots in trailer parts. And they're making a big semis about it. So I guess that chicken river got found. How are just nobody cares anymore? Chicken river. Go get rid of Cosby on LN baby. She's on top of this. This is new Roger's. This is five 16. A. Oh, how did it go? And this portion of the new Roger's is 12. So when our is brought to you by the letter 12, one two two one by six. I've been 12. So like this is a pizza. Oh, for me. It is just, just, just, just, just. I've been a. Oh, that. Where is the book my life in a couple of days? When it comes to a story story, it's really. It's really. I've been trying this and continue the book. So that's what I do in the story story story. So it's really going to be a story story story story story story story. And plays park scores up to 540 in our story story story. So joro, shuttlecats, set set, set, set and set dipper, and what you don't really know is. It's greats you're totally... That's just what the answer is. So... Oh, I'm sorry, boys. Oh, boys, boys, boys. I'm sorry, boys. I'm sorry, boys. I'm sorry, boys. I'm sorry, boys. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That was bad news, boy. Dead wrestler, oh yeah, I heard that one. Well, what kind of responses, eh? Well, wasn't anybody ever heard of some. Oh, me either. How about Joshua that WWE? Who was it? World wrestling entertainment superstar and World Oak, Gore-Garero. I do, Eddie Garero, yeah, I do. Dead, oh, man. Dead, Marito Garero. I did a werewolf for you, Mr. I'm making fun. Stairroy'd, I guess. The secret off to math, did we go and make an assumption? I don't have to make an assumption. But, found dead as hotel remastered in Mori and Minneapolis where he was scheduled for a pair last night in a WWE Super Show. When Guerrero 38 didn't respond to a wake-up call, hotel security at Minneapolis's Mirriot City Center in Guerrero's nephew. In fellow WWE wrestler, Chobbo Guerrero, forced entry in the room shortly after his 7-inch at the morning. The 5-8-20-pound wrestler was found on the floor attempts to revive him once successful, on the floor as in dead, on the floor and going to see him no more. There were no parents signs to foul play or suicide, police said, and Octopsy was planned that he had been county medical examiner's orifice. He was a featured star on the UPN series, WWE SmackDown, and son of Mexican wrestler, Gorrero. He survived by his wife Vicki and daughter, Showl 14, Showl, is that his in prayer, Showl, Sheryl and 9, and Kaley Marie, three according to, well, what is it with these names? Well, whatever happened to like John and Mary and Tom and Saul and, huh? Well, what's with these names? Well, you know, you got a normal name. Essays A U L is the normal name. Well, never heard that. Chowl? This is a huge loss of WWE chairman of Vince McMahon. And he was a wonderful, far loving human being. He was a consummate performer and Josh Cortez says he was doing Roids' man. He was just 5-8-20-16. Do I, maybe he was a big eater, that's all? Maybe he was just bursing up because he had to play with a big boys. Chobbo Guerrero and McMahon said he was open about his past drug and alcohol abuse, but they said he'd been sober for four years, how do you like that? Guerrero was in the Twin Cities with 60-to-80 other wrestlers to film Friday night's SmackDown at the Target Center. I know how you would want to show to Golan Chobbo, said, and February 2004 Guerrero became the second wrestler of Hispanic heritage to become WWE Champion. Oh, I'm kidding, but. Winning defeated Brock Lesnar for more University of Minnesota wrestling standout. Guerrero lost his title for months later. And made 2004 UPN aired the special cheating death stealing life, the Eddie Guerrero history. I guess that was a little bit of a premature valuation. I would say the allow for Wem Chronicle, these childhoodness struggle with drug addiction and almost cost him his job family in life, before his recovery intervention can't through the WWE Championship, he grew up at El Paso Texas. He and his three-year older brothers were all wrestling wrestlers to a wrestling with it. I didn't like that, huh? Any Guerrero is that even Josh knew who that was, he'd, and if they ever make any Guerrero marry an etc, or puppet, or sock puppet, or sock puppet, or muppet, yeah. You better get him a little bit firmer before you give him that newbie sweet TV, so he knows what we're doing. Drawing a chart, we're going to go over the side between Marianas and puppets and animatronic that. From a little cuckoo friend and Ollie, that's right. Oh, don't forget the dummy, is he? Are we going to get those in there too? Oh, we got plenty of those. You're running the country. 628 votes on a pool during Will, where did you get your best information? TV, 158, TV, audio on radio, 153, that time jickle was all whipped up about. If you're a QAM118, which he obviously was listening to me, because while with a guy like him on a listen to a piece of crap like me, internet 95, WI would be 60, Sun sent me 18, WGNO12, Harold 7, Palm Beach Post 5, and WFTLA 50, which we better put on there is got a big one vote. And that's probably from the first new facet, you know, probably from PD Lenny. No, you're right about adding by the way. Why don't we share best to add them to Ryan who left for it. It was his last day, my mutual agreement, and our sales department. Good guy, but not a good sales guy though. Just too, too low key to. Too nice of a guy. If you're going to be a sales guy, you can't be a nice guy. I can't have a conscience. No, you have to be ruthless and cool-hearted for me. You have to be a real wheeler dealer like a Todd. He's right in here. He'll any slimey, devious, dangerous, you know, like that. A hustler to bustler. Right. Although John Ween is he, I mean, he did some devious things too, but he wasn't, I don't I mean, he wasn't the same. He didn't have the same slime ratio as some of the other guy. No, it was done in different scale. Yeah. And the same with Brian Schmutz. So Brian's, what's his sales manager, some station can edit good. Did we find that on Friday when you were out, I think? Let's have a call. Yeah, about it. But now you know it. This does to embed news. Good news for the right wingers though. They always get their way. They Supreme Court refused to date a review of Florida's lifetime ban on voting rights for convicted felons. A case that would have had natural implications for millions of would be voters. Justices declining her account to Florida's 160-year-old law, which applies to inmates in those of serve time and been released. The ones that are kept from voting in every state except main and Vermont, all the restrictions vary. The issue of voter disenfranchised, make our renewed attention, of course, after the 2000 presidential election grab, which was decided by 537 votes in Florida-ledged. The Florida law was contested in 2009, and we have a people who have already completed their punishments, including probation or parole. Their appeal asked if restrictions can be challenged. On the 1965 voting rights act, which removed various to black voters, one in 10 black Florida adults, half-counting current prisoners, is barred from voting the court was told. The Supreme Court said, ah, ah, one in 10, and of course they don't like you, dark, folks because you tend to vote different credit. So this bunch of Supreme's, and a bunch of Nazis you got wearing the government said, ah, no change, go away. Get lost, dummy up. A lot of pressure today, you know, heavy, heavy, heavy pressure Monday. 560, 50560, pound 560 leave a rise in singular wireless lines. How about those patriots? Yeah, let's hear it. Let's hear it from all these current running phonys out there. Those re-insics, dolphin fans whose team absolutely sucks in bites. So aesthetic, just tragic, what they've done about organization. We've gone from the one state area to the Saban era. And that's, you think that was an improvement? Forget about it. WDQAM, hello. They are you. Good. Uh, quick thing. Uh, generally they use the pivot, is the best thing ever. I've been using it for a few years, and that's not three of the garbage. Use it one in a different, it's not as good as the pivot. Ah, you know. You know, when you're in the man, well, it's the best. Bonnie was you were completely right. I wasn't because I was given a Howard team, but it was true. It's fresh, it was completely totally great. Yeah, so, so far, the first time he's in New Bar of Soap. It's like, uh, that's it. It's sprawled, man. Yeah, it's clear garbage. Listen, I have a listening. I have a listening. Uh, what do you mean? Did you, uh, I totally, I totally, I've got two constant conferences out the old piece of all the other means. We track it. Why? But yeah, you got it on the earth. No, no, no, no, that was the one from today. You're talking about, I'm going to get to that later. That's it's called, uh, where the hell is it? It's on our website. Yeah, that's not the same. It's a little bit of what a 20-degree text, an 16-hundred Pennsylvania Avenue. Let's get a little bit of a meal. Uh, I have a big problem. I think. Yes, I have a lot of problems. Three years to the. That is so bad. No, what the mad is. It is. No, it's not the idea. But the message is great. I'm sorry. Just forget about the acting. I don't want to be over it. It's only a green-back photo. It's taken a copy of the great. Okay, have a great day, Pelle. But while you're head, are they as good as they look? Dada, Dada. Dada. You know, I don't say another guy that doesn't give. He doesn't get to rap. He deserves. And that's Andy Garcia. He's not very good man will be either. Joey. Jazah. You said that's not feeling good. Huh? You used to say the opposite until that Ellie on the counter. No, no, I never said he was going to go. Why did I say what Andy Garcia was doing? Touchables in that movie. We argue about this movie all the time. And that's one of the few things that we have agreed on is that at least his performance was okay. It was okay, but not great. He's, I don't know. He was all right. I mean, he was, he's in shoulders above George Hamilton and Sophia Coppola with a shnise and everybody else. And Eli Wallik. Of course. It was like he was the only one that showed up for work. I mean, you talk about a bad act. Oh, you know what? It got me thinking about all the other Eli Wallik movies that I saw it never read before like the good the bad and the ugly and all the other movies. And I never really noticed just how bad he was. He was horrible. He just brutal. Oh, brutal. He said. Keep on it. Oh, the only you. But like the script in there is so bad on top of it. And then now they're making Michael into a comedian too. You know, for Al Pacino, they're giving him the most lame lines. And Connie is saying Michael, now they will fear you. He said, maybe they should fear you. You know, like we're doing comedy, stick now to God. I'm sorry, comedy don't belong in a God father. There ain't nothing funny. And I said, maybe what's his name? Johnny Olon at Superman. The message, I agree with you was good, but it was the only good thing about that movie. And the message, right? So you see, that's a tremendous service that Francis Ford cop out there because there was a very important message in story in here about the conflict of Vatican Bank and all the corruption in the stalemate and Roberto Calvig and murdered and everything. But it all got covered up because in fact, I'm acting with so bad people couldn't stop thinking about that. Oh, please. First scene of the movie, I think, alone her way would have been much better. And I agree that we needed Robert to narrow. I mean, we needed Tom Hagen, Robert Deva, which I wouldn't give him enough money. It was a mistake. They should tell you why is in Tom Foolish. We need Robert Duval, man. One thing about him, he has made too many bombs. Just about every move. In fact, even the, what that was an input to first time before they changed the name, the great Santini had to remain. Yeah, they had to write the something. But whatever it was, it was released first as with a different name that was a great Santini. And in the movies, they kind of bomb. But it got a call following. It was on people many times. And then we released it and it became a big hit. That was a good movie great Santini was. Robert Duval, we love Robert Duval, baby. Make no mistake about it. Even the way it tends to be a little bit of a religious enough. But that's okay. At least he's not trying to push it on me. Go push it on me, Roberto. You're going to sleep with a fishes. Troll in his pass, no. We got to start started a lot of today, man. We got more Howard David at two. They got that over in the other place. They got mad dog at four to seven. They don't got that. They tried real hard, but they didn't get it. We got Curtis Stevenson sent seven o'clock to 10. 30, three and a half long hours for a young Curtis. 10 30 got your hurricane warm up from Seattle. Big basketball game in the interest of the club. No, you haven't air force at the BCAA class. You can see that 11 o'clock. So whenever the hell it's open. And any case taken in Wells, you're a nice off cause he's an old poot. This is the new Roger. This is five, 16, 16, 16, 16. I don't get how many. Take off. Get any of what? Great fall. Come on. The final frontier. These are the voyages of the scholarship. Enter guns. It's fine. Here, mission room. Two stars, trains. New, special and thin, fabulous places. To seek out new life, silence. And these civil units, two boldly gold, where no man has gone before. Okay, me. Yes, sir. Hi. I've also got course again. Sooner we are not going to Uranus again. We program. Okay, fine. You know fine. I got that. Yes, sooner. Well, I'm not feeling very well. Can you get out your bones? I mean, doctor of bones. Just schedule me another full physical. Herk, bones. Yes, doctor of the... Sooner we say is he isn't feeling very well. No. Could you do another full physical? All this for one, this week, Tamant Jim. I'm a physician. Not a funny boy. Okay, you noticed that we're just putting that far out on that car. Did you see that on CNN? I changed it. I was in France. Oh, for a second there, I thought that was the lime rod. If it were, whatever that thing was in, uh, medley. And it was in France again. We're not only like 300 cars in I said, it's okay. Another column by Doug Thompson. I'm not sure if this is what the guy was referring to. Because he was mumbling in, uh, I don't know what he was talking about. Avoiding the detection of 600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Where he White House aides under constant scrutiny from a paranoid bush administration held by on stopping leaks and turned to a technique used by drug dealers and criminals to avoid detection, pay pay disposable soft phones. The phones which can be purchased for a little 30 bucks a day. I'm sorry to make you. This comes to us off for prepaid minutes. It could be discarded when the time is used up. They require no contractor sign of an hard difficult to trace. It's about the only way we can ensure any privacy one bitter White House staff are told me this week. Our office and home calls are monitored along with our normal soft phones. Enterprising White House staff is a pooled our resources and used third parties to purchase the phones in bulk from retailers like Walmart and small towns outside the national capital region. When one phones minutes are used up, they cost the hands set and activate a new one. Drug dealers and organize games. You search phones to afford wire taps and call monitoring by law enforcement agencies. That White House aides have turned to the same techniques indicates just how tense life is in the West Wing. Every time new story emerges in the press, everyone here comes under suspicions as one aid. We spend most of our time covering our asses instead of tending donations. White House sources tell us that even senior aides like environmental presidential adviser Carl Roe used the prepaid phones to avoid having certain call show up on call logs or other records that my face opinion. You do what you can avoid leaving a paper trail says one aid. Other techniques employed by administration officials to avoid detection include three email accounts through services like hotmail like Oceahu and Gmail, staff members create multiple accounts and create new ones often. Increase to a cast instead of credit cards or debit cards. Gas receipts can show where you've been when you pay cash. There's less of a trail to follow said one staff member. Use of course belonging to friends are increased use of public transportation like the Washington Metro system because it's easier to get lost in a crowd. I know all of this sounds like a dime stir novel, but that's the depth we've all sunk to around here. This is an aid that was worked in previous administration as well as on the current White House staff. One female staffer says working at the White House has gone from the most exciting time of my life to a daily hill. You're always being watched, always on this suspicion, always second guessed. I hate it now. I just wanted to be over. I guess what's we heard? So do all of us to. We wanted to be over. Yeah. Soon. I mean, another year or another how many years it? Oh, geez. Three more years? Holy cow, man. You gotta be kidding me. I don't think we can survive it. Three more years of this. What? What's that to like for my life? Whatever it is. 660, 3 votes and we got 19% time. You take a look at that pool. Now you know something when you really stop and think about it. That's not all that good. I think we wasted our time. Next time we have a big hurricane. I think we'll just really out. Just open up the pot. You smoke it and we'll just play the TV audio owner. Because like Tommy says, then TV people are on top of it. You know, like chef Smith and Anderson Cooper, they're on top of it. No way. We ought to just do that. You know, I mean, why should we come in and floating and pretend we know what's going on? When they're the experts. They got all those guys getting blown away out in the wind and that's rain, hurricane. How many of you can weigh in? Hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon sir. We're a man. My blood's boiling all morning listening to you. Get me fired up as usual. I appreciate. Listen that disposable phone. Yeah. You know, that's a pretty common thing. And I find it interesting that they're concerned about their email being traced and all that. Because isn't one of their big things. Then going in the libraries and tracing how people are using the computers there. Absolutely. Yes. And the other point I wanted to make was about the. The ladies who complained is a living hell working there. Yeah. Is someone preventing her from resigning and going to work for someone else? I mean, if she gets it's so jably stop whining and, you know, you can get a lot of this right. Get out and get it honest, job. I just hope people are getting agitated enough. That's something it's done. My, my dear old father, we the life one Republican. It's finally starting to get it. But every time these Republicans get into office. Our cost of education grow up. Everything goes up. Yeah. And now he's looking for a hand. I said, well, you better vote Democrat next time because you're not going to get any help. Me city. You know, I said it before both elections unless you are right wing, neoconcinetic or unless you're multi-billionaire either one of those. Nobody in the right mind should have voted for this question. Maybe action. And they did. This guy is even Republican. He's not a Republican. He's a soulless kiddie. And as far as the religious thing, let me let me just close with this. Okay. If you want to teach your children's religion, do it in church, do it at home. I don't want the government teaching anybody religious. It's none of the government's DM business. If you people are too little and can teach your own control. And don't expect the government to do it for you. Amen. I'm Adam material. God bless you. I'll pray for you. Thank you, sir. Yeah. Jimmy Carter, they reran the thing on with King last night, which he's all over the place. Carter, he's a little of a star, but he did say this. Even though he's a Christian, he teaches Sunday school in the on the on the on the. He's very, he's a guest of the really ripply right wing or religion. This is rippman ass. That's going you go Jimmy. He did rippman big fat ass and talk about separation of church and state. All of those things all those old fashioned things like that. And about how this is just grow test with these people. Do how intolerant and hateful there. He later went out there. He stuck it to a masculine Jimmy. He says there they all all white males white males for a hate and full of judgment about everybody else. And preaching hate. It's not too late to preach some hate because it's in now. And it's the impregnable. Great things. It's a good idea. And nobody will be used. Six hundred seventy five votes. We got a shot of seven fifty by the top. The artist means not much. We're not really all at intensive on the votes. It's a Monday. You people got important things to do. Get to roof or get the a screening guy. Get the pool man. Get to treat people to landscape people. The fence guy. All these things. Right. All these things. Right. Blair faces new inquiry to Iraq war impeachment campaign. Ministers will join 200 supporters to force common prob. Oh yes in pitch storm. A fairdown so that would be a really good yeah at the ball roll it and get the balls. Roll it and some kind of press. Twist this guy on sees man pocket. Your weapon. Move in passing. Mm-ho that's okay from your career in material from terrorists. Anything to know where to feel the terrorists. He is inside the United States with a nuclear weapon. the nuclear weapon. The consequences of such an attack would be catastrophic. For our people, for our economy, for our liberties, and probably for our way of life. You can put a brownie brownie in charge of that. I've got it, can you think? Right. He'll do it. Take a good job, brownie. On. MPs organizing the campaign to impeach Tony Blair, believe they have an up support to force a highly damaging commons investigation into the Prime Minister's pre-work conduct. Remember how they sexed up the intelligence? Oh yeah. Make sure it's held in the do with Camilla and Charles. I'll tell you that. That would be sexy. Oh, and we knew it attempt to impeach the Lerobor claims he misled Parliament into making his case for work against the rack will be made in the comments within the next two weeks. Let's hear it. Oh, right. This is from the Scottish Sunday, Harold, by the way. They put a different kind of a slant and killed on the news. The impeachment process effectively star-lice here when just 23 MP signed a comment motion. But the scale of the government's defeat on its anti-terror legislation last week where 49 labor MPs defected has galvanized the momentum for proceedings to be invoked. They've got the logo and now baby. They've got the logo and. Organizers say they're expecting 200 cross-party signatures, including those of former government ministers, the force that commenced to set up a pre-work council investigation that will examine and detail the case from impeachment against Blair. They're going to send his ass to the pre-work. The signs of labor, although they are more civilized than America, I would say that. What was our watch in last night about Canada and England and about being murder rate? Is like about one, one, one, a little bit of what it is in the USA. And it has a long history of just even though they have a lot of guns in Canada, like Michael Morshrodha, they just don't go around shooting each other. Maybe it's just being a little bit of civilization and just having a little respect for human life. And I suppose to the USA, where your fan asked Governor says, hey, I'll throw over first. Somebody looks at your cross-eyed. Somebody sneaks up here behind you at the AT&T and looks at speeches. Or maybe he's over in a couple of shades two-darts. Load our crap away. And because that's the way it is in the US, may. The signs of labor revolt allies to unify opposition ventures as said to have changed the climate inside the Commons. SNP leader Alex Salmond, one of the key figures in the impeachment campaign, sitting out believe the cross-party incentive agreement to account over the Iraq War would become more urgent than predicted problems associated with social legislation in England and Wales. And Wales, now if they say Wales, Wales, Wales, Wales, Wales, Wales, Wales. They can't speak to him, they can't speak it. That's the L. Oh God, they have a little problem. Don't forget FPL going to rot in hell. Maybe they'll be down there with your president too. That's the L. Is Neil Rogers? This is by 16. Good morning Americans, it's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. A lawyer's dog running around town unleashed. Heds for a butcher's shop and steals. A road, still say it again. And lawyers dog running around town unleashed. Heds for a butcher's shop and steals. A road. The butcher goes to the lawyer's office and asks, if a dog running unleashed, he'll be a piece of meat for my store. I have the right to demand payment for the meat from the dog's owner. The lawyer answers absolutely. Well then you owe me a 50 year dog was loose and stole from me a roast. The lawyer would out of the word, wrote the butcher a check for $8.50 and send the butcher having a feeling of satisfaction. Left his office. Three days later, the butcher finds a bill from the lawyer. $100 do for consultation. Paul Harvey. Good day. Absolutely. I figured it got all your time. If there was a good fart on the air. Here she is. Bellcard told she, 10 grounded losers have arrived right in August. He will suit you around 1000 euros because he was a man when they were asked? How would you answer a 1 minute police? Hell yeah. Okay, don't say 3, 2. and a list of white people's fault and honky honky, he starts playing honky, Tom Fibildogget. The Reverend Jesse Jackson called a Philadelphia Eagles punishment of Terrell Owens, much too severe. What do you know, what's Jesse? Yamama, how do you like that? What do you like about important things? We got 265 Dmitry Merck and Troops in Iraq and you were about Terrell Owens. Talk about being a professional black man. We got professional faggots and professional Cubans and professional Jews, and here's a professional dark man. Jackson said in the statement released Friday that Owens could have been more professional publicly completed about his contract, his team and the Eagles organization. But Jackson said Owens is spent with our pay for four games and the activation for the rest of the season is much to severe for the charge and hurts the athletes and I felt career at his height. And like I said, Yamama, who cares? The civil rights act of the set, the level of punishment could have been more than if Owens had been caught shaving points, selling drugs, carrying or gun, or fighting fans without sufficient restraint. This does not warrant a one-year ban from the game Jackson said, and in the Eagles who released Owens to be open market or free agency, if they no longer want to associate with him. What's he doing? He's a little piece of the pie there or something. What's the story there? I don't know. And guess who else jumps on his land wagon? Ralph Nader, a consumer activist and former presidential candidate, has already called to this suspension to be rescinded. Is this the Fedacle War? Does this Ralph Nader and Jesse Jackson, they're worried about a football tergan suspended as a big mouth and I like a jackass? Owens was a discredited last week after he said, interview that the Eagles showed a lack of class for not publicly recognizing in some of the career touchdown case, and team would be better off with Greenbrage's bread far recorder back, if it's apologized. I think that maybe Terrell was listening to much to Rush Limbaugh, taking a few cheap shots at Donovan McMahon. See, and that's one thing about the right wingers no matter what they do, no matter what they do, it nothing happens, right? Just like Bill Bennett, and a grotesque comment he made about a boarding black babies, and just like Russian is not the shoppin and Phil Puffin and his full-length deafness because he was poppin, and I see his name like that. And then his comments, I got him canned and money that football about the Donovan McNad and he's not going to get all of the attention because he's a black, and he's not really all that good. And then just things to anybody else really got to put into writers island with for without goldstein. But no. Then Bill will rally seeing that the people of San Francisco, you know, they all rotten hell and that if there was a god, they were all, well, whatever he said, you see that story over the weekend? Yeah. I'll put him up with a big stupid mouth, not to mention. I'll court all his phone excavates. Phil Ophel, I'll speak of that. Terrell knows that in the interview last week and engaged in some unsforceful life spin and Jesse went on and on, now the odd yati, the punishment is much to severe for the charge and yati, odd yati. The real question is to his comments, one of the penalties to this severe, and Jesse says the answer is no. This does have more than one year ban for the game. The NFL players association taking a position that the punishment doesn't correspond with the infraction and the association must be equals to cut TO. If the Nakoda we in state am I agree, TO is publicly apologized. His heart is contrite. His heart is contrite. Well, what does that supposed to mean? So his Michael Jackson was right there with Michael Jackson too, remember that? Yes, he was. I got it. You should be black, or at least close to it. Who's not whiter than even you are, and that's saying to help a lot, talk about a wider shade of pale. This Jesse, man, he's just I can't handle it. And it's like the OJ thing, the same old crap. Everybody, you know, that old saying birds of a feather spread the bird virus together. That's right. That's what they do. Birds of a feather stick together. If it's a black man accused of some, all not all, but a whole bunch of black men. All not all that's a racial thing. And if it's a subterner or whatever it is, I don't remember any white people getting all upset about the Ted Bundy getting executed, do you? No, I didn't hear anybody. Bitch in the body. No. What the hell is this? What the OJ? You said what they do three times. Oh, what they do? And that inspired me. What they do? A long one thing you do. It might not want this song after that, not a long one, of course. The difference is. We don't. Whether we quarter the walls, doggy point. Yeah. I could be the whole former song now. We got 703 votes. Right about it. Not too shabby. What they do? All right. Yeah. Okay. 560, 560, 550. You won't hear this kind of radio on the ticket. I'll guarantee that while we're talking about a bunch of stupid ball games. What about to dumb jokes who can't spell crap. Okay. We have to have assistance taken one. Forget about saying it. Really sick and tired of these stupid ass foretures, man. And it's just, once upon a time, I know this may come as a shock to a lot of you. People out there, a lot of you pucks like Josh. Once upon a time, there wasn't no such thing as a sports talk radio station. Get out. Yeah. How do you like that? I don't even know what those words mean. I mean, like on I would be back in the day when we had a great radio station. We had like, we had the sports talk between 6 and 8 p.m. Two hours a day. And believe me, like I told you about 5,000 times, that was plenty. And don't forget they had the sunny hurs sports update as part of the morning show. Yeah. You know, what does that have to do with anything? Nothing. You know, just to keep them up to date on what's going on, what, you know, first thing in the morning. I like sunny as a good guy was, but you know, what is that? Get a quaggle. I totally that stir-wound was first working at KAT and a little apartment on the beach. Oh, what? I didn't like too long with those real loud Israeli, with a downstairs screaming and yelling. I'm not about all day. I got out of there fast. Anyway, go, I do my show. I go home and in a sports talk is I'm a sunny hurs. And I'm listening and hear a sunny hurs doing that. And I'm thinking, what's wrong with my radio? Is there something wrong with this? It's a true story. I don't know. Yeah, exactly. And suddenly had some kind of a throat a quaggle condition, which I thought, Well, that's a great guy. Nice guy seems like a good enough guy, but how can you be on a radio when you got a, like that? That's a natural vibrato. No, that's not what it was at all. And we had an operation on that one or two or, I don't know, and then he died. That was there was bad. Good guy. See the good guy's died early in the best you'd say, and then hang on till our 100. John Nichols writes, God's Pat Robertson problem. You know, that thing about Robert Sheer getting candidly at the time. I don't know if the audience realizes how significant I read. How many of his columns have I read? About 30 minutes. Yeah, as soon as he's great. Yes. One of my very favorites. And I was going to be Huffington Post. If you want to read this stuff, you'll be able to do on the Huffington website or area. But it's just bone-shilling what's going on now. You can't be to the left of a total of 100 American anymore. And, uh, beyond the air, have a right of column to let anything. The Nazis have taken over, maybe. It's all strictly censorship. And that's why the mainstream media, that's why they keep pantering and sucking up. Plus the fact that GE's got all the big contracts there in Iraq. So that's one of the reasons that all your NBCs, they just dummy up as much as possible. Except for Keith Obermann, watch for a hint of a next to give canned. He'll probably be next. Probably stand readed to two hours. Because if he had two hours or no, can you imagine how many? We probably have that to kill him. We're all ready, right? Yeah. And a robo marathon will be good. Chicken robo, I love it. Shhh, ha ha ha. How can she be on the air, speak it up? Oh, like that. The high-stitch, you know. John Nichols says it can't be easy being God these days. What was so many of his self-proclaimed followers launching wars in his name. So the last thing the Almighty needs is a whack job calling down the wrath of, well, God on communities that fail the follow the instructions in the Christian coalition voter guide. But that's what God has gotten the first and the Pat Robertson they religious broadcaster frequently uses 700 club television program to pray about weather patterns or to encourage the assassination of foreign leaders. Last week, Robertson went the next step and began deciding who and can and cannot talk to God. After the citizens of Dober Pencilvania voted to remove eight school war members of what attempted to introduce and entail their design curriculum, which encourages the rejection of science and established views of evolution in order to promote the notion that the universe was simply popped into being by the big guy. Robertson announced that people living in that community are off God's Christmas card list. I'd like to say the good citizens of Dober if there's a disaster in your area don't turn to God. You just rejected him from your city Robertson said on this Christian broadcast and never 700 club. Instead of praying to God, Robertson said the folks in Dober will have to worship science. If they have future problems in Dober, I recommend they call on Charles Darwin, the television person out of the declared, maybe he can help him. To be sure, there will be those sincere disbelievers who suggest that Paris to Darwin would be a equal consequence of the Paris to the Almighty. That's what the May for another day. But the choice that Robertson said some forefathers of his Christian faith is a false one. Many of the greatest evolutionary scientists of history in the present day have been men of women of deeper Buddhist faith with Christians well represented among their number. The scientists of suggestions some of the most thoughtful and elderness of our time that the study of evolution can and should be seen as an endeavor that is entirely in sync with their faith. After all, they asked what could be wrong, which tried to be a better explained God's creation. The answer of course is nothing unless you made a fortune setting yourself up his thoughts. Spokesman Robertson is elected by science because of a wise explanations in insights that expose their suit of religious rants about who's on the right or wrong side of God. Not to mention who gets to pray and how for what they are. Scheme's just here Christians in the voting for Robertson right when allies and writing checks to Robertson's enterprises and causes. The so-called Christian broadcaster is wrong this time as he so frequently been in the past. Despite what Robertson says, the people of Dober can pray to whom every day choose. God or Charles Darwin even pet Robertson and they can believe as no doubt most of the offensive of any voters do when they cast their ballots that sound religion sound science need not be in comfort. That's John Nicholman, Malaysia. Well nation under. Damn God. God most coming up at two o'clock and we got the mad dog three solar hours at four crudists for three and a half hours seven to ten thirty and then that hurried came stuff and see atleman gonna have a huge tune of audience for that. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixteen. Do it again. Order place. Spank it. Oh the vaultstone. Bang it. We need to run. A board. A board. I guess a lot very soon. I'll say a board because that's right because Sam Alito's going to come and give you what for a while. I'll go get the. I'll take my three and your mock one and the vibrating you got too. So when you think by now how many weeks has this been going on? Not really. I'm coming as silly person. There was a little bit for now that this thing would be fixed already. No without crack engineering staff. Guess what the hurricane's been over for about three weeks now. We got no more excuses about running around with generators and transmitters keeping the stations down the air. Remember this has nothing to do with the hurricane. Yeah. Hold on. I'll support it. That's what I'm saying. This thing is to go on for months and months and months. This audio vault is that fault. That's because our engineering staff is to busy with a finger up each other. Yeah. Probably checking out the prosthesis. So what's the hurricaneosis? We're going to do it in the other room. Are we not going to play this sponsored album? We're going to go spot free radio or whatever. Yeah. Let me go plug them in the other room. I guess. Is there a girl plug in the other room? I'll read the pulverzo while you're plugging it. 719 votes. That was good. Like that. We need a lot more of those. And I'll kind of like. During will, I wanted to get your best information. TV audio on radio has moved in the first place. 180. Open up that pod. We like that. That's what we're going to be doing from now on. In fact, I think there's a cloud in this guy. Let's put on channel 4. All right. Let's put on our news partner channel. SACE from TV 177 from WM 136 on 19%. Not too bad. Not great though from the internet 107 from WM 1867 from the slow Sentinel 20 JN O 14 Palm Beach post eight. Miami Hills 7 FTO only three. Solumented trace. So they probably invited tuning into us during those trying times. They figured that's just a stupid sports nerd station. What did they possibly know? But in poker they possibly give us right? Right. That's the price to pay when your priorities are screwed upside down. Greg. So what's the deal? Am I going to place some spots in there or not? No, it'll be just down in there as well. They're resetting some stuff right now. Corporate in the building. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Let's talk to corporate legal and see what that bitch can do about it. I'll let's say let me just play one of these. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I'll line you up. I'll do a pretty set for this audio version. Okay. Now, let's start. What's thevertage here? A byle. Okay. See. A board there. board this all love a love with suspected murder of girls parents what's that and police custody understand the circumstances to win the story from this morning a it's an uh... Pennsylvania uh... kid shot the parents of his own girl friend and then they ran off 18 year old murder suspect and boy is he uglier a one fry his ass he's in police custody a david g-lid when he is a man gruesome cannot to bad care doesn't should be proud of what other part problems with yes he seems to give her that much ind turkey after uploading a tough time and right questions got the continue article on and then the collective about and was this party polite house hotel business rocket written on as long as when the leg quickly there by the eighty-eighth asderled is could a scene civil itself very long time and you think we have like a little something some on it lock now David Rossy writes who does David Rossy probably good to know who the hell that is oh he's a writer and a big imp an newspaper big imp compressing some bulletin the purple pros of scooter what is it with republicans and smut he writes if I could start out by asking what is it with publicans and smut where I just hear that what is it that prompts the self-proclaimed pergons of moral values to commit pros that is at once parade and putrid consider the zero fee gallery a purple pros per fairs will you sapphire new king rich lince any g Gordon liady bill buckley and Kenny star and let's not forget bill arale who's unwanted phone sex messages is to a female colleague cost him a bundle an out of court settlement some might argue that it's unfair to include star in that crowd but not if they read the past pornographers report of his investigation the kittens involvement in whitewater and just playing bills sorted around with monochlor whiskey and sundry others according to the law and columns writing in the new worker in the nineteen ninety star reported was nominated for consideration in the bad personal sess writing contest that Britain's literary review hold each year the public is my argue that the content right about such carnal matters while the press indulge in them they might that is if we think we won't remember the adventures of Henry high and then burden for two more lives in hypocrites were monthland's most vociferous the same ones columns piece in the november seven the yorker contains examples of the aforementioned office with the exception of the rich which is merciful unfortunately or fortunately depending on your point of view not the efforts can be repeated here this being what we like to call a family newspaper let me just said that if your teenage son or daughter wrote anything that rachi and hackney the turn paper you'd be getting a note home from the English teacher not the school psychologist having said that let me have it in comparison the latest entry in the field of GOP porn the lot of them could qualify for jobs at home art meet i'll list liby aka scooter late right hand man for dick chaney and i'll employ maybe liby returns out was an experienced and producing fiction even before it came up against factric Fitzgerald in nineteen ninety six to school to produce novel called the apprentice it's not about a young man learning to be in electrician i can't really tell you what it is again without running a follow the family newspaper code suffice to say there's a lot of what you might for one of a better term call animal husband we involve a not the kind they teach you for age cleverly is not i hope not permissible sample i hope it is ten man and put the child in the cage with a bear train to couple with young girls so the girls will be frigid not fall in love with their patrons there are other high jinx involving a deer if you want something special than that you're going to have to buy the book released by the new worker i'm not looking for practicing side country without license for you have to wonder what would cause someone to write that kind of delicious plot all perhaps it could be resolved of coming to adulthood and beyond the middle aid still being called scooter true code resudo handle pretty well but athletes tend to be more comfortable such nicknames then again could be resaudest spending too much time around the chain is especially dick that could be the psychological equivalent of mercury poisoning haha oh granted that cause was selective in choosing her excerpts it may be the kind of reviewer say remember the lost region let it to report would find the apprentice a no-bell worthy work of fiction on second thought internist of the scooter maybe we should reserve judgment keep an open mind in which for the movies hey this portion around so what's the story somebody working on it somebody's working on it and that's the best we can do now is here that somebody is working on it yeah here's a fact it says with regard very in my message with regard to these pool how about a landing an option for those who didn't really tune for any information honestly once you've been through or watched cover to the storm you've seen them all i refuse to watch overpaid reporters using frankly chase about how the area looks like a bond went off i refuse to be told that i have to care how the oxygen spirit and metro is due well endeavour to repair my fence i refuse to listen to unprepared pound plus people right we can let they didn't have a hot meal and i really don't care about how many other people are commiserating with me as i said in the dark eating my lookworm can't have spaghetti os bottom on spaghetti os especially slept it's like something hot dog like you said yeah it will cheese put on some sterno get all melted up real goofy you know larry says wake up people this is what happens during hurricanes please come down the power goes up buildings get damaged and two medley towns people consistently die from under generator indoors can something that occurs consistently year after year turtably considered news here's my wish for the south portal larry says but shop baby thousands of people suffered far more in gripped far less all right that's a pretty good line huh complainers and that's that's that's the south portal right larry you should know that by now the terminal name is right look there's a girl in the car though that you're keeping notes yeah that's what's in our work dawn and to its found out from a detective the she wears headed with it see the Volkswagen up against the tree yeah because the report this morning was they took off and read books like an artist crashed up into that tree well i didn't get too far today know they didn't huh probably in a big hurry i would imagine how it imagined no oh one weekend of fourteen year old Pennsylvania girl on both in custody i'd expect that uh what's the name read across because at least five hundred weeks the shows on is one day we are especially every night oh my god what was it all about why did you do this what are you taking about sure america for me well there is got some good points but you know i figured as long as we had a be here and i still stand by what we stand by my man i still think we did the right thing is the best we could do here is get out some information you know we're two in a little few phone calls and they're not too many because the phones were working some days but we passed along whatever we could because there were a lot of people sitting in the dark had no TV didn't have no generator right those are the people that appreciate what we did the rest of me mama okay how come you and i talk at about sports and play at our spot well we still played some funny comedy bits we put a couple of couple of posts or two while people were first rated the aggravated right right i'm pretty them excited about what we did i'm gonna again pent myself right around the side this time okay we're ready to go ready to go with some spots let's hear it folks spot time this is Neil Rogers for this is by 16 choose pajoz my Junior honey The Avengers is the place to be If you are a celebrity When it's good going ahead and brag Just keep yourself up cover's a weekly brag Bread, hit and show you in the sack Katie, who's pregnant from Tom? That's Christian's later maids, you've died they do Keep most notting lines keep bitches for you You're slow Now cook Later's back ache Keep most notting from Beijing to Wadah Coffee six a few am now what we're gonna do another break Yeah, right now Yeah, whatever you want to do it Okay, we can get these all in our audiences used to this And the same we have taken over a few police That are places technically challenged And as a result every now and then we have like the Specific piece of crap audio ball which we told them we told them two things Don't hire a fat boy and do not buy that audio ball. It's a piece of crap And they went ahead and did both I like that no matter what we say we know nothing We just lock into those big numbers every book That's all we're just very lucky But they're the experts trust me when I say it Like I told them no put for while on here Do not put that stirren through on here Not on this market now in this season It is a meal rather This is a 16 16 Oh, this is honored This is not a tumor. It's the one to two All All Riley's and Jai's and came from surgery There's even talk about that disease Though I have no such truth as coming near So they'll make up some brand new territory If the truth is that they were so long on this Meer one who can buy your TV All the one who can buy your TV All the one who can buy your TV Three years from just stealing to the lead To know what's prosecuted What kind of goodwill Who throw a need to know Who do I need to know Tell me that the skills Cause I need to know I need to know Who's it's the goal It sucks I just want to know I just want to know Minutes after water five six You have to see how I give it And I'm sure that we have met For Curtis Stevenson right and then we got to Hurricane basketball Clarissa will be out there a Speaking away A crusade defender of Brazil's Pantodal wetlands Died of his burns after setting himself on fire To protest a proportionate hit alcohol Plant in the environmental fragile region Hospital official said today He said himself on fire and then He died both I say Francisco and some of the Vartero's 65 Rectowns often in alcohol so black and said it on fire During a protest over the weekend and camp of Colombia 1200 kilometers that's what is that seven by seven Remiles Northwest of Rio according to officials of the Santa Casa hospital Fellow protesters mother to firewood blankets And spread it with a fire extinguisher Vartero's was taken to Santa Casa with burns over 90% of his body And he died yesterday That's the ultimate Crusade right the element protest He died to kill yourself The metal grossed those those schools say to assembly is debating a priori to build Alcohol plants on the upper pervert way wherever Which runs through the Pantodal the world's largest wetlands It collines you say the environmental balance of the Pantodal and the Western Amazon are threatened by the expansion of King plantation Oh boy King plantation that for the sugar and alcohol which is widely used for automobile fuel and Brazil Alcohol is widely used for fuel In Brazil a pair in Brazil I guess Vartero is his president the foundation for nature conservation in Mato Groso this will state and a letter to his left to his family in frenzy road He did what he did is the only way to wait the people up to the environmental threat And now he did I like that To live a little longer Remember when Michael said that he was looking at the grave there or whatever that don or whatever whichever don or was Thought one of them thought for no cheating No, not don for no cheating. Don't for no cheating with a black hand Better get with him as a confinucci was the guy who was dealing with the light bulb and then but I've been I'm not a band I'm not saying he don't know mo the name of it. Nothing we want to get your nervous rating like that because we like to keep everybody on even keel Listen to this show. Well anybody get like But scientists to be a non believe the H5N1 bird flu strain has mutated Allowing it to breed more effectively in mammals though not necessarily in humans thanks God so far online newspaper via express idea today Scientists that the past year ends to phosphomificant variations in 24 samples from humans in poultry They didn't want to think about those past years man if they would like had a good refrigeration We wouldn't have been so smart and they made it right right the findings corroborate the belief that H5N1 would not have to mix with the human so straight it became a form causing a human pandemic Do you want to say that Indonesia much strengthen its response to bird flu after the death of woman 20 which showed symptoms too much And that's how they saved this stuff going out all these animals that was how the sourcing got started right out his bird flu To my I have to say they just kill all the people and I mean all the birds over there and something you say here or the people and the birds Or maybe just kill everybody's bird or just kill yourself just get in time to be the the filth and the oh God you just even imagine radio host pleads not guilty to killing his wife Remember we had that story last week. That's right. Any freeze wasn't a radio talk show host accused of poisoning his wife by Spiking her get away with anti freeze not that we confused with anti kneel. Well any grand doers that he uses know It has to be well the press don't I say You care about the get away all the get away is like we discussed last week. It's five Floss for resin like low the dark it's like an amazing whatever and so the antifreeze also If you look at your get away in your presto quite frankly, they're pretty much the same right anyway Always you shut up the poison is wife by spiking or gay to rate with any freeze total friendly plan to spend his life insurance money on a house And it be in W convertible kind of prosecutors He also said it started foundation in his wife's name James Cohen and by the way I'm very proud of myself Either I pronounce the right of the rest of the people in me or also mispronouncing it James Calmedated not guilty through is they was over to hell without a feel He was arrested earlier last week during commercial break in the radio station where it worked in Jefferson City, Missouri And charged with first of me murdering a September 2004 death of Julie count 31 during your commercial break Well, at least their audio vault was working anyway I guarantee the devastation was not used no audio vault Prosecutor said the couple was struggling financially if I'm here in an echo now. We'll said nonetheless break in now. What is something changed? There is a what well there were doing some production in there earlier I don't know what point they left because I started it and then you know Josh came in yet I've been dittling around again in that other room there I've been dittling around I'm getting an echo and all kinds of feedback and good vibrations He went out our mock three a turbo razor. Let's get with it Prosecutor said the couple was struggling financially after we'll be the boss dinner early 2004 and that James Calmave killed his wife for 250,000 life insurance policy You know really when you come down if you're gonna kill somebody you want to get more than that how long you gonna live I 250,000 right not long Especially nowadays Carter the documents filed through his eight count told a close friend after his last funeral I'm gonna take Julie's insurance money by the MWZ for convertible go back to Kansas City and build a house With that what money's left over. I'm gonna start a foundation in Julie's name and run it for a few years How do I count that September 8, 2004 after complaining for months about this in his nausea other symptoms And autopsy found she been poisoned with ethylene glycol a chemical found in antifreeze About a month after the death James County one move back to Missouri where he grown up got a job as a reporter in talk show host Radio station KLAKAM click the big click they never collected the insurance money because we death came under Investigation Julie Collins per and issue the statement saying their lives were forever changed by this horrible evil and senseless act There are no words to describe the sadness we feel we are tormented daily by the why of it all said Jack and Nancy old egg Well attended counts are women middle sex district court James and Julie Con moved to Boston early 2004 after he lied to his wife Tell you he'd been accepted to Harvard Business School going to prosecutors and stating took one pass at the University's continuing education program that he flunk This basically he's one of those guys. You're gonna see on a Yeah, you know they have those He aside a real ones you know the real stories You're gonna see him on there On these holy bolognies that was going around probably married 15 other times that they don't know about it and Often wives in the discounted insurance money slime ball 767 votes on the pool. We got a shot 800 the judge by the way Josh court is enthusiastic He recommends the Gillette mock three turbo razor. It says stick your battery in and have a good time and joy those good vibrations And that what you said I still don't get it. So in other words you use it once in a while But use your brawn most of I understand to me. It's not like a mixed in mass thing because I've done both in my life I've you I had to treat my easy electric razors I had the new real co you know the triple hitter and their real co You know I've tried them all and I don't like electric razors because it burns man It irritates your skin and you don't get a close shape and you're never gonna get this close to show you ever I don't care brawn. I don't care if it's able brawn You're never gonna get as close to the cream as you are with like a regular razor with a blade. I mean it is handy even if it's just a gay blade Well, it is handy or to use the electric razor I mean it's less of a mass, but yeah, you never got a good feeling Let me ask you something seriously when you've got a really good disposable razor or even this mock What are you how long is it really taking anymore? I mean now with it like if he used edge or any We need good shape cream is opposed to that full me stuff. It looks like Santa Claus and bad day How long is really take to shape? We need three four minutes. Not that long at all right not even that Especially now that I got my motorized woman at battery in there boy sure what my battery doesn't run out I'm probably I'm gonna go get it and play that little I want to go get it and play the vibration on here. Maybe we can sell some Oh We're in the brings vibranic things You do that all day Hey Josh, I'm gonna grab a razor call my phone See and actually Josh ought to be using this because he likes the the feel of the electric in the vibration right You come to get a vibration going here to say combine with the disposable blade so oh Nice And you and stereo Well, I'm moving it around a mic see I'm holding my phone up when you can hear it Why you got one or two that's owned by braids when I wanted to If I'm a vibration station, maybe we're vibrate over here This is a pretty neat thing. I mean you don't know if that accomplishes anything you know they get it I don't know Listen it is a very close shave. I think you maybe even a little closer than the other one Really disposable even if it just feels good Yeah, worth it. Not but it it's not it's psychological, but it's good. No in your case. Yeah Definitely psychological. I know no question about it It make no mistake about it But he you know he found that thing you probably open up a lot of his girlfriends drawers. I mean so to speak and There was that instrument all the sudden he got into this whole vibrate and thing now Survey everything is divided probably that's what's wrong with the audio of all he's got that baby vibrate and two And it finally keeps giving out from all the pressure 700 80 posts come on we can do 900 today. What do you think? Can we do 900 on a Monday week after the power is back on different most people not all if you're in a trader park I would just I just leave okay? Think anything you still want and just set the whole thing on fire and just leave the instrument right now Forget about that just burn it and collect the insurance I wouldn't imagine that's too easy to get like mobile home insurance and place like Florida where we have a hurricane every Prime Minister it is not and I was told that depending on where it is you can't get any Homeowners insurance Wow, if you're in it so one more good reason not to be a trailer track I mean to live in a trailer park not good not good at all even even he got a double wide No, I told you once upon a time and I'll be in Michigan in my early days in radio I lived and not very long either a few months in a trailer. I spent some time at a trailer And it was a nice trailer had a nice kitchen and they did all you know a nice refrigerator in a stove and a couple of bedrooms in the Partridge and a fair tree and and then every time there'd be like a storm because that was up north of course You felt like you were living outside in a tent right technically I lived in like a half trailer you see those trailers where they built they built on to it Yeah, you know started as a trailer, but then actually if you're like you're living in a tin can because we know it's blown it's like Talk about vibrating maybe Joshua and do it that trailer time man you get those vibrations from the big storms All right Yeah, like a little inside of it It's in four seven hundred eighty votes on there during will well where did you get your most useful information and it wasn't from us This is the same station that you know after back during and before and after on 9-11 We had we were squeaking away as long as I live I'll never forget that they they'll do it in between That's just because of what the bomb and the planes everything but because of guilty on it Why don't we gonna say about it? Why don't we go say there is squeaking his way like a little charred Why are we gonna say about nothing just that the tender there was a time for TV on radio when you think that was the day He huh, that's what we did And we had a way to fool our after the first plane hit the first tower until we finally somebody came to their senses and said You know maybe this isn't a good idea This is an attempt we talked about stupid as ball games, okay even on a stupid as radio station 1113 at five sixty WCM if your mattress is worn out don't be a stupid as do the smart thing Call our friends a dial-a-mathrist and when you think about mattress is I'm sure you think CD posture pretty at least I hope you do because it's the top selling mattress brand in the US It's the gold standard and when you think of buying your next CD posture pretty thin call me a dial-mathrist 1-800 mattress the easiest possible way to get you a great new CD posture pretty with dial-a-mathrist's factory direct prices Nobody anywhere so CD-parched pretty for less and dial-a-mathrist carries the ears biggest inventory all sizes and couple levels and stuck Ready for a same day delivery that you're calling fact like I always say if you can get a better night's sleep as soon as tonight If you make the call now 1-800 mattress number one in customer satisfaction and you choose the date and time for delivery And it's who I will know that you pick go let air cleft and skid fall out of it though, but you pick the window even the very same day that you call But they know risk 30 days Company trial in your own bedroom plus free set up and removal on all the livers as well I've been using dial-a-mathrist for a long time And if your old mattress is just plain headed instead of shopping around wasting a lot of time gas and money If you're an over 2 million happy customers who skip the chains doors for fast easy affordable mattresses from dial-a-mathrist It's an unbeatable combination all the way around just call 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATT RES and leave off the last as because it stands for stoop and this saving This is new This is 5-16 Who prefers a company of man who does the director of get rich or die Try For instance stars in get fat or die try me love here You know I like my breakfast fried or chicken fries? I'm taking you all up for taco. I'm looking for something in an after dinner period Yeah, what's the one Oh, god up for more Simpson and get fat or die trying Not to agree though. You can taste is the hog ain't it? What do you say? That's what I thought he said hog but 796 votes on a pool during will no where did you get your best information TV audio on radio 194 TV 181 those who had their generators their pot whatever they had W2 QA 152 19% the internet 115 WIOT they used to be a new Z plays But not so much so more 83 just a just a bastion of right wing lunatics Suncentals 24 WG and O14 Palm Beach post nine and a hero nine a Sudrissing and WFTL 85 on the dial solument they sing a single cheap way five Can we get to 800 already so I can just relax Oh the stress and the pressure I'm getting like fat heartburn from us. Oh I got 802. Don't you? Yeah, just changed 802 don't you you can start relaxing right now. Okay Well, I audio balls thing. I mean just you know it just throws you off and look at the warning that I gave them is that I said look this system is prone to crash The smart thing is what they were doing and having two units in each studio computers There's cheapest dirt right one one crashes you have a backup Yeah, and they gave me the same response they always do who are you? You know you know what do you know what can you possibly vary on the only one the edge of it right? But what even likes you around here What is the building? I'm talking to you. Right I'm your idea more popular than somebody Oh, that's the nature. Oh, yes trust me. I'm in second place at least Tommy likes you There's one a four month old girl died when her an abbreviated mother fell asleep on top of her while breastfeeding and Ashcash was constant Okay, when that happens all the time We're in the Hawkins told police you call asleep about 15 minutes after she started breastfeeding the baby for 23rd But is your turf a long time for this story to get out because of her intoxication a criminal complaints said When she woke up of an hour later the baby was pale and wasn't breathing. That's usually two bad signs Hawkins was charged Friday with one kind of child neglect causing death imp convicted as repeat follow the offender She could be sent to 29 years in prison and find a hundred grand The fence lawyer Steven Smith asked for Hawkins release on signature bond So she can enter substance abuse treatment but she may jail late Friday on $7,000 a bond a preliminary hearing was scheduled for or Thursday The 27 year old who was on probation for child neglect had consumed six two is on probation for child neglect Had consumed six double shot alcoholic beverages that abolimally the complaints said a toxicologist estimated her blood alcohol levels range from .15 to .27 percent Her husband drove Hawkins and their four-year-old daughter to the bowling alley and later brought them home Then went out drinking himself according to the complaint They just can't get it up that can the baby was only sponsored when we treated an hour later the complaints said Hawkins was on probation for the neglect of the same child and was prohibited from drinking alcohol while having Unsupervised contact with off-over children at once court document show Well she had a little bit of a Who's problem okay for sterilization you see who had been for that she could a drink all she wanted and the only person she could Harbo to win herself or somebody she would have killed her card driving drunk as opposed to that poor little baby forced sterilization just keeps screaming those two words open up the window and yell about like how I feel for sterilization starts now Saying it I'm not telling you where we need to start with those ragheads You multiply like like cockroaches man. They're like making all these terrorists babies Them and the gypsies Here we go Andy and Miami Beach when you grow up already. I wonder if you heard miss a drudge and blah blah No, I don't listen to miss drugs. Okay. I want listen to some fairy speak. I listen to myself Also, I want to tell you about a new gadget that you may find useful called the slingbox Which suits you watch your home TV channels from anywhere in the world you're sling it Basically you plug your TV into slingbox and connection to the internet then you can log in and watch it live online from anywhere in the world You're able to change the channel anytime you can hook it up to a table or DVR and watch your recorded shows It works very well as very simple to use they have it all the major online and local stores like I don't want to say that one for about 250 bucks I don't want to say that one where they wait online for five hours right thirdly Says Andy I was listening to XM radio 60s on six lies we could channel that you might like the whole challenge is designed to sound like a 60 station And once a week they become old-time station from the 60s they play recordings of DJs doing their shipping including answer etc. And then once the DJ introduces the song and switched the digital for the music last week They were doing wolf and Syracuse and they had marve Albert on he started the same 40 years ago They do them in QM all the time tune at tons of footage I think I heard a guy's now still on the old East Asian down here couldn't be Ricky Shaw could it huh? I'm sure there could be a well who else is still alive? It would have been on 40 years ago Where does his aqua Pella oh geez don't tell me I don't have that can't find it What about a sighting course if you want to hear that stuff just about any cable system is got That all I don't want that all right, no, we don't want dance moves We don't want that they might say some word no, we don't want her Who might say something oh She might say some When you know what I'm saying what do you say got all these Galaxy pop the dog and there's the max tracks hit list Be easy Let's say The galaxy dance yes in your pants I'm sorry Oh, that's bad They're not for six days or 70s the 18 I think the every point is that they have the DJs Goodbye, too Okay, thank you Andy for whatever you just said and I know where I couldn't give her craft less well miss flood says because he's a self-hating You're fair, thank you The scrape to the human race piece of gravity is a total sellout just a total sellout hyper ventilating every time the full rings and it's one of those What's a Richard melon scapes? Operative they're in Pittsburgh I mean, but I'm gonna put this on there and put that in a flashing lights and they'll Clinton just murdered a hundred people and Hillary Clinton's a prostitute And also the crap gonna just put it on there. We're right pathetic and that's another one in Queens just like chefs met at the Lynn Samel sucks up to because she's nothing more than a professional flag Hang see I had a confused with Lynn Watson name for maybe see news that I can't remember what her name was remember I'm talking about Lynn's year. Oh, no, no, I don't remember and I thought to myself Oh, well, that's like somebody I'm glad she likes to show it like him and then I found out with this old mamma love who just you know Just a flag hang which is the only reason she likes to show I don't get it. I can't stand it can't deal with it I can't cope with it 800 the 16 votes speaking of my rent core. We're gonna get to 900 by two o'clock I'm gonna I'm gonna be really depressed aren't you? No, I think we can make it You can 35 minutes 84 votes. That's pretty taller to run a Monday when these people are busy doing stuff Shelby Mississippi a restaurant owner's under investigation after you're apparently trying to sell them either a cut-mouth Machasin the customers police said throw it on any any boom The city worker city sold the owner of James quality market to venomous snake which he killed with a pipe while he was cleaning streets The snake was gonna get me so I had to get him first. He said well that's a good idea Boom said that while he was showing off the snake nearby Thursday the owner of a grocery store restaurant combo came out and asked me if he could buy the snake for a dollar Oh, yeah, I gave you a dollar for your snake Police he Bobby Joe Williams went to the market after boom mentioned the odd business transactions to the police the owner gave in the snake Which already had been skinned and filied William said. Oh, man. He was getting ready to cook and serve the snake William said we want to just see what this man has been cooking So investigated is if it's time to identify the businessman the store still open you want to go get some snake Sure Lee Allen can law enforcement officer for the Mississippi Department of Wildlife Fisheries and Park said it's illegal to buy herself a Non-games species penalties could include a maximum five grand and fine five days in jail suspension of hunting and fishing privileges to spend The sentence all for a dollar municipal court clerk see the bland said putting the snake in commercial freezer could also Violet health codes, but she ended up placing that trouble getting the health department to investigate Allen can said the business man under he's kind of Duke said the business man could have put his customers at risk by selling the meat There are some Texas farmers that do serve rattlesnake, but their professionals indeed Toxing the snake alone said odds are this man is not a professional. Look it up in the freaking book I like that you got a detox this thing before you like as sliced up and serve it Would it like lock it up in a cell and wait for it to sober up? Yeah, put it in detox and then slice it up and put it on your flavor way man. I bet it's really tasty I bet you the Chinese would love it. Oh, speak of that. M. Old Coast It's Florida's number one eating gourmet buffet is ready to buy a ticket. You won't find no snake there I'll guarantee that yes now where we Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster festin We featuring main lobster served thermodore star on every night is crab fest with last-kin snow crab Lates dungeon is crab and Jonas don't crab not your own a gold bird Jonas don't crabs Can you imagine they fire Robert's here and they heard that right wing self-hating crazy person Jonah Goldberg and the menu with the animal coast still includes fresh oysters on a have cell and a sushi bar with over 30 Condemn if I'm lying you're dying the animal coast also serve New York juicy steaks cooked order and hand-tarp prim rib and on the weekends They deserve thing that's just unbelievable leave room for the animal coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain And you can hand it to your own strawberries marshmallow is other than the can and treats Maybe you can even stick your pets naked there and don't forget the animal coast for what's healthy living cooking All their fine cuisine with cholesterol freaking oil oil no MSG no corn starch no crap no headaches just a big fat Pupicle when you walk out when you water out you'll be watered after you eat all that food So book your reservations of one very close three locations you'll find them in some miles sunny guys what I say sunrise Sunrise Sunrise beach and pepper pines that all that snake talk got me tongue-tied for the animal coast. It's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two This facing me who Rogers that One thirty two we got a hundred twenty eight votes were not gonna make nine hundred will have to stay until about two thirty five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he made them a mosquito this time on them God squad Lunar six starts giving you the God BS say well what did God make them a ski goes for what he may ski to Davis for to suck I see I thought he did that with balladgo sea Five six seven oh five sixty pound five six to leave a ride. I may not take any more calls but I like you with the numbers out Just make them think I might like this one Q a M hello Neil yes sir May Neil quick question. Are you not allowed to play the other most that he gets raped in it What we want to hit about 40 of those well the one that they're even jail and the No chance get on the note chance We're not allowed to do play or say or do anything. Okay, you better get with the program. Okay, are you gonna get Joyce yourself get with it? Right right we got 27 minutes we need how many votes to get to nine hundred. I can't believe 71 I didn't go to happen that's like almost three a minute I mean if you put people put your head to the gray you're nose to the grindstone and the cut with a crap already Okay, I'll get on push yeah push a little bit Some pushing man we got 27 minutes you're gonna start pushing this audience This is not a difficult question everybody should have an opinion on this how about another choice we ought to put on a real quick I would I got out of town Okay, do not a good one and I know people are out of town for most of the hurricane time That's a good one like after we're about to get no information for you about their Generator or their TV or Tom Jerka or Randy things or sit and listen to me pontificate on the radio about where to get water and ice and what they've been ice and all that other crap Got out of town another choice see we put a couple more choices And then we got an outside shot again to 900 I don't think so though and they're gonna people gonna report us They're gonna put it down in their diaries say Monday and they couldn't even get nine or votes and everybody's got their power back and stuff And it's 65 and 26 minutes that's due the math like two and a half a minute Why you're doing that why you're voting on our poll today, which we really implore you to do it even if you're lying just make up just make it up Tell me what's the WFT all of the make PD-lany field better and Bob Eisenberg and the Tom Denhamburg and Sunny Rosenberg brushing three times today is a tough test without brushes their teeth three times a day I don't know and you remember them telling us we ought to do that why I guess they're ever been no Yeah, baloney especially the envelope only gives any between your teeth brushing three times today is a tough test especially if you're roughing in the mountains of every and the gap get a stand When you're lucky desert so goes the logic behind a reason and divided by our main civilian scientists combat gum for soldiers to busy the brush Honey like that, combat gum. Or can I get some the gum described at the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists Convention is we can Nashville of all places Will they do a lot of coming would contain a special bacteria fighting agent to prevent black cavities and gum disease? Oh, let's get a bunch. They just look like chickens to me. It's got a picture. They look like chickens Sores in the field off a lack of necessary time and means to brush in floss. Oh, yeah, I'm sure there's a lot of Flossing going on with a military. They're just trying to stay in hell alive and they were gonna worry about flossing compounding the problem is the stress of combat which can encourage bacterial growth in the mouth I bet you didn't know that Nope said curled Venice run in commendably Army devil and trauma research detachment and great later on always Gumb was considered an ideal solution because the Army already issues gum the soldiers in their field ration So like if Jeff Garcia is the quarterback of your army team anybody bring any gum nobody wants fresh mouth. Hey Jeff You're fairie Right or they even show that they try to make a point you're actually thinking when they keep showing that clip Maybe I mean what I mean just hearing your speak point taken, but what if I take in wow Anybody bring any gum nobody wants fresh bread Look what kind of a plan the national football league forget about Says nobody wants fresh bread and says it quite that way. I just I don't know Dr Patrick the Luca University of Kentucky drug product developers working to perfect the program to try to make it taste better And ensure that if we change this flavor and bacteria fighting ability for 30 minutes I'm sure to man when hour wants to develop in stages complete sometime within next year's time There's a big intestine the gum possibly with army units, so of course. I'll still be bogged down in a rack You can bet your life on that we already bet theirs if the army decides to pursue the idea it'll probably team up with the manufactured Bruce the gum the army has been talking to companies like to and come giant William Ridley Jr company Ryan and said oh the Ridley's man we went to Widdly field Ryan said he hopes to see if any proper available women four years. Oh, I'll slowly interact The next big thing now now that they want to make learning Spanish mandatory and Florida schools, which I think is just outrageous 847 votes we mean 53 and 23 minutes since so how many things can we do it? What do you got refreshing? Put some of that coming in love put some of that juicy fruit in there, huh? We did it So 452 don't cut your votes before are they hatch man before and horn hair hatch The fourth winner this is this to me and I've talked about this we've discussed this before and I don't know how they do it In fact, didn't you tell me Sabrina was learning Japanese when she was over there? Well in high school she started in high school here took three years over here and then went to Japanese Yeah, they teach Japanese in high school and slower them to qualify for a magnet program and then go to that appropriate school Well one My question is how can they teach Japanese when they can't even teach English? Well, that's a good question. Yeah, they got to teach Japanese to teach Japanese. Maybe that's how they do it Look at that if we wanted to die for G. Have we have to do maximum damage? Like a tap to phone to some Schmachterhead suspects members of a religious Islamic a terrorist cell in Australia maximum damage Schmachterhead's almost done. But it's said that right now all the Schmachters That will be saved birds and Schmachters not necessarily in that order the fourth graders at Chicago's McCormick Elementary School Don't know man to win this supposed to be hard to learn. I do like man to win Chinese in the Amsterdam good restaurant For most who speak Spanish at home it's becoming their third language They've been hearing and using Chinese words since kindergarten and now it's second age to give a hearty 9 how when strangers enter the classroom. I how okay It's really fun. His Miranda Lucas taking a break from a lesson that includes the Chinese interview with Jackie Chan I'm teaching him I'm on the speak Chinese. He said the classroom scene and McCormick is unusual But it may soon be a common Fisher in American schools or Chinese is rapidly becoming the hot new language Government officials have long-awaited more focus on security useful languages like Chinese and pressure from them as well from business leaders politicians and parents has prompted a quick growth in the number of programs Chicago itself is under largest effort to include Chinese in US public schools the program here is growing with food 3000 students in 20 schools with more schools on a waiting list programs have also spread the Houston LA New York and North Carolina Oh, when you've got to North Carolina you'll be like a speak in Chinese and turn into companies How is that how you say? I don't know. I don't know Chinese Well, that's what it says here now how N.I. H.A.O. Proponacy now to the China. I don't have I mean the speaking it's got very strange sounds But the writing like I have to be before the eat each symbol is like a work of art each year It requires like 75 different parts to it. That's brutal even for them. God for Ponacy now to the Chinese language and culture is a leg up in the global economy where China's growing is important This is beginning to bubble up as this is an interesting way to begin to engage with the world's next superpower Said Michael Levine You don't sound Chinese director of education at the Asia Society Which is started five new people. Hi, so is that offer Chinese globalization has already changed your range of ins and terms of offshore And today are gonna need to think about their careers the question is when not worth of the schools are gonna would just not a question If it's a question of when is Bob Green would say as he lied to us to you Whenever students learning Chinese is tiny compared to how many studies Spanish or French but one report showed that pically general Manirli quadrupled between 1992 and 2000 to from six thousand to 24 thousand When to come as board pool schools last year about offering an advanced placement program for Chinese And expected maybe a few hundred to say they were interested instead 2400 high schools that they want off of the class which will be ready by next year. It's off the charts in terms of their expectations There's a very read very boring guy for this meeting the insurgency Third Yeah President Bush needs to submit on a quarterly basis a plan for success to Congress and To the American people This plan must specify the challenges and progress being made in our act Time tables for achieving our goals and estimated dates for read appointment from Iraq See because Democrats have picked a more boring minority leader than a hairy read him He is so Call my inducing man just unbelievable. He makes a David Royce in like a Mexican jumping being though about Joe Lieberman Yeah, I think that's why I said would you leave him in a real live way Oh Hey lady always dreamed of being a professional football cheerleader's one I can be trained by the best as a Carolina banders cheerleader in clear If you're a computer owner of a background in cheerlead have been wronged by a man at least once and like soft Sweet and beautiful girls then this campus where you this three-day two-night camp is limited to only 30 attendees who will spend their days and special seminars and their likes in 15 Single bear You'll learn how to do this split in a bathroom stroll out of cartwheel all the way to the police car and how to smile at the mug's account Was the Carolina Panthers cheerleader clinic you'll learn cheers by seeds Oh On 45 and five six to WCM In 172 votes. We have 15 minutes. We need 28 votes. You notice how we're inch in toward it creepin 82 or creepin on us that would you done eight seven. I'll be damned China fans mob Schwarzenegger speaking of China. It's a good job. It's 76. Oh 24 votes in 15 minutes We got a good job. We can do that. We can do that with our eyes closed our hands kind of get Kind of we do the show every day We're hands that together. Especially with a square the equipment that we got a QAM 20. I got 87 77 Yeah, fine away Disney song all our radio stations WABC hunt WLS whenever great if the beeslees I got no no chance. Some of Kansas and WABC and WLS and whatever they got in Huh yeah, that'd be funny. I know you silly person you are on Schwarzenegger the millionaire movie star I got an Arnold bit here. I guess I probably should play this before we just boring story Hi, this is Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger with another California report This week I want to tell you about some fantastic news for transportation in our state I recently signed a bunch of so that Californians can spend less time with their families at home and more time sitting in a traffic congestion Since I became governor I felt town hall meetings all across California to talk with the people about how to improve our state One woman came up to me at the meeting and said traffic barely moving day after day after day She wanted less time at home having dinner with her family and more time stuck on a freeway Stories like Harris make it clear that we meet with luck in our roads across our state This demonstrates once more I solve the problems Thank you very much for listening. You're doing a baby next year on a store initiative is to 880 I need a we need 17 vote in 20 in 13 minutes. Okay. That's like a little more than one a minute Jesus God they could even do that on the QM website if they had not many people listening Our Schwarzenegger the millionaire movie star governor of the US state of California made a big splash at his first event in China Monday today Perhaps too big of a space for a security detail after dozens of photographers and fans mobbed in a Chinese capital They love on a little California, I didn't China not so much in California no more so he's moving west Go west old man Schwarzenegger were just finished speaking at an event out of me special Olympics program in China When Bethlehem descended on him and his entourage he and his life where we are shy But we were more and fairly surprised separated from their official security detail and Chinese police had a shortaway photographer's and curious On luckers who surrounded the couple with some experience for Schwarzenegger when recent months has been dog pie protesters in California As he promoted his special expensive election and he got to wall up dawn Schwarzenegger arrived in Beijing on Monday to start a six day mission to promote California products and occurred Chinese officials A crackdown on the price on the piracy of copyrighted music movies and software Also, I'm his agenda political rehabilitation will help know change Foreigners self-adents with the Chinese would say and I can spell it in Chinese or any of this corn is tough What do you got on there? I got 183 there's Bill Schneider participating finally over a year later If I said I was wrong I should not have voted for that war. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah John Edwards are you impressed by him? No, no this business about well I was wrong. I should have been so easy to do that You know this is so it's bold and bull at least how are Dean was against event right against it now You know what was wrong when it was vote for it right? Mucher ballooned in they didn't have the colleagues to do it man. How exactly was full of crap? They it's just like the thing with Barack Obama coming out last week about well We really need to crack down on indies and see on television. You know same old crap all these guys no matter how good they made Of they they're so terrified to come down on the side of what may appear to be smud or you know Whatever even though it has to do with the first amendment and people's individual right to choose What a bunch of crap Barack Obama He lost a lot of points on my work for scare last week. I'll tell you that He's screwed he's stood right down a grease pole Yeah, he's stood right down. What do we got we got 900 yet? I got an 80 90 All right, I'm gonna do this. We'll do this. You can't touch us when it comes to this pool thing man we're all over Lex think on Joyce brandin. Oh, that's where Josh lived in brandin for two years. Did you know that no? We found that out on Friday when you were away at the park where the whole park Tampa Well, I mean brandin over Brandon is you know This we're all the fast food joints, our man. That's all this just to mention for a fast food joints It could be difficult at a little spice to your life when you were jail, but everything's the same day in and day out But it makes it the old work County jail are trying the inmates have been growing hot peppers as part of a hard-culture program I did jail for about a year Well one of them made us suggestion to make it into a sauce Alan Boteman the hard-culture programs director. We do be a good idea And residents to the Falcon bird road jail and Brandon you where that is, I don't well You better get where the you better go back to home and learn about your Brandon the geography Residents of the Falcon bird road jail and Brandon now the proud makers of jailhouse fire hot sauce Well, I wanted one of the fast food joints are gonna start using that in Brandon that's on it's on the highway 60 Georgia He'd drive it into Tampa when all the way to Donna tell us through that opinion road a piece. All right, and you had like even fast food pays to have been Invented yet anyone's that have been out of business for a hundred years like carols. I mean, they're all there in Brandon It's just it's just a fat food mecca fat fat fast food The food here is kind of institutionalized so it helps Boltman sit Bowman and a student spent two years perfecting the recipe A hybrid of a Caribbean style hot sauce and a mustard sauce They recently produced their first batch 96 five ounce bottles itself for three dollars in the quarter each the revenue goes back to the inmate canteen fun and The culinary and horticulture programs for inmates. Oh that would be great When you'd like to be in the culinary program if you Falcon bird road jail and Brandon, I'll pass out That was that one of those faith-based prisons otherwise. I'm not going. No, it is not all right Fire when he customers like sure if they did ghee was that G have already bought half the first batch I wonder if he's related to Mr. ghee? My next year Boltman hopes to sell J.L. House fired at the general public to an internet basis distributor The sauce is made from a mixture of several varieties of herbs and hot peppers or some in literate people say herbs and hot peppers I'll run a more than six acres behind the jail among the peppers are how many euros scotch bonnets and jalapenos What are how many euros? I still they come from Pareda. Yeah, but otherwise. I don't know wow What are they about it? I've seen some other hot things come from a van. I mean, they say they prefer their own herd to jail House fire which is considerably harder than what they saw from asking something It's a macho thing, but when said, you know, I can eat the hottest pepper. He said it would be very careful What you see that I eat great. I'm a great Eat this 893 we're on the verge baby David's ancestors got nothing on us And I'm still gonna say Mike Burden knows the sour push even Josh court disagrees with that He's just so negative and you ought to be upset with him because that's your alively-hood man to Marlins Yeah, he's pretty sour really sour guy. You think those jalapenos are bitter You have not heard of him. He did Dave Joseph and Mike Burden are together I'm under how long before we get the Dave Joseph hockey show on with Hank in a morning What's that gonna start? Oh, or how about Denise Patte and now he's still not still doing that thing on the stage, busy We keep finding out about these things by the time because they're too embarrassed to tell us Huh, what thing is that the knees Patte and hockey segment during hockey season used to do with the Humper I sure hope we're not doing that we got 85 and now we're stuck We can't get off that 85 and just like the mad dogs and he's stuck and can't make no progress Now what he said something 85 what are you about 85? Well, we better do the break and when we come back if we don't got like nine hundred I'm gonna tell you this audience is gonna get a stern what for you know, I'm saying a Howard stern what for we're gonna like a P right in your radio sunscreen She's born the crown I show her she's in a wagon And she's about to the I don't give a record and very best to say If he wasn't supposed to take a ride, say what? I know how to use a little bit. I know how to use a little bit. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down. And on my way to the condo, I call my condo best. And I'll give a free condo, say something. The noise, the fact and how. The noise, the fact and how. The noise, the fact and how. The noise, the fact and how. The noise, the stuff, the noise. The noise, the stuff. The stuff, the stuff. I just said that the noise, the fact and how. Why? You, like. Ah, my car, all used to fool. I know everything that's going on in Bad Oos. Why I even know all the new Marjard rules. I'm here to the giant daddy home. You bad guys, you're always not gonna buy. You said it's you when I take you place. I know I ain't no way to play or need. But when they drop I'd boys will change. You little smoothings and farts. And the same day. But the bad guys, I just want to slap that. I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do that. Okay, speaking of them or at least part of them, we got more come and buy it to a clock. Mad Dog 47, Curtis 7th, 30, 10th, 30, it sure it canes warm up. 11 o'clock, it's the UM basketball and Air Force from the BC E.C. at Classic and Seattle. Would you as a ganky and parents in the bunch of other group balls? You're gonna be standing up for that? Oh no. We got the nine hundred, steady board's getting all said about we knew we could do that. Right? If Josh would've pushed it early, but he came in late today because he got caught in that mess and the traffic. That's what it was. I know that. If you'd've been there on time, we'd've had the thousand easy civil blame for that. Just like Josh took responsibility like a real man on Friday for Adam McIden can. Because Josh was the one who outed him about that deserved fountain at the E.C. And that was the beginning of the in for poor Adam. And so they said, hey Adam, if you want to leave, he said, guess what I want to leave. And it's okay, see ya. It was like that. Good guy, Adam, we wish y'all ready, but boy, go sell something. During will, we're going to get your best information. TV audio on radio to an 19 TV to 13 Q a n 171. All thanks God, almost 19% of the audience. Listen to me rambling in us, whoever we were. Pukin are all at Boring Info. Internet 128 Wiod 95, Sun Sentinel 26 WGNO 20, Palm Beach post 13, the Harold, the anxious Miami-Herald 9. I got out of town. See, that's what really put us over the edge. We had another one category. What I tell you, I got out of town seven seven smart people and WFTL 850, they're doing it. Solument they say. Bye bye bye.