All right, time for Neil. And I guess what we ought to do is put an odds for it up and not to be paying the attention then, but we're the real station. You got it, not them us. We, we us, not them. And odds for what? Who's next? You didn't see the article in broadcast daily or whatever? No. You mean we're breaking this to you? Yes. Great greed. Leaving at the end of the year to buy his own station. Are you there? How come must it tell me anything about this? How come George didn't tell me? Well George was not your sick yesterday. I don't know. I'm just finding out about this now. Well this is some gigantic news at the end of the year. That's what the story says. The beast knows where it is. I'm the, uh, who, uh, who found it. Is this on radio and records? What, uh, trade publications is this in? It's in a trade publication like broadcast daily or something. Yeah, I mean, I'm not kidding. Yeah. What about R.M.Q.B. is that it? Let me look. I don't, I don't read the trades. I just saw it this morning on the internet. Well on this one, you saw it on the internet? Bees come in here. We, he doesn't want to come in. What's the matter with him? He's afraid. I think he saw it on the before his or her. I'm not. Yeah, for sure. Oh, was, well, uh, can you guys tell me so I can tell me, where he can Google that? M Street? Okay. M Street. Whatever that is. Really, a steering couldn't bring serious one and a half million subscribers. Is the big headline R and R because they all had their head up. Hours and I don't see it. Well, I'm Street. M Street. Okay. And it's a story that, uh, I mean, you showed us to me when I came in this morning. And it says that Greg Reed has said that he is going to leave at the end of the year to pursue ownership opportunities. Oh, well, I guess you won't be, if he can just keep your note name for three more months, you can avoid some suspension. Yeah, but I haven't, I had this nightmare about it. But they replaced him with Gary Bruce. I don't see anything on M Street about Greg Reed. You know, the beast is being a total turd, if you don't mind my saying so. He showed it to me this morning. He added on and I, what shows it? Yeah, I'm going to horrible thought that. Yeah, well, besides that. And he refuses to get off his fast and come in here. Oh, John Gibson gets his own three hour evening talk show from Fox News radio. The Nazi hour. That's a big good. Joseph Gurball's will be proud. I still don't see it. I'll get it for George after I get off. Well, how is wrong with that tub of crap there? I have no idea. It's anywhere within stupid grin on his fat face. Jack asked, maybe it's one of those if they hold it back. Yeah, it's this morning. That was in that. I mean, I saw it. I read it. Now, yeah, I walked in this morning and they added on the, uh, they had on the computer. Let me look at the M Street Journal here. There were a pirate, uh, uh, this is all about New Orleans. Yeah. Now, it's time to do a W. Hold on a second. Co-passen. No, you can just Google it. Yeah. Google what? Greg Reed and Street. Oh, MSRogat MSD on there already. Greg Reed and Street. Reed. Never wish for the head of the Zor. Look at that. And look, look, look what it came up. It said, Greg, hate you. Ha ha ha ha. I still don't have it. Wouldn't it be a lot easier if somebody there is got it if they would send the damn thing? What kind of a place is that? He got me. I just come in and do my show and talk to you and go home. Yeah. Yeah. I was just sitting here, my own business. And all of a sudden he hit me with his bombshell. And nobody seems to even know about it. I can't believe that nobody told you that. But nobody has told me that. Well, I think that there'd be, if it's in, if it's in some kind of publication, wouldn't you think that he would have the decency to like put a memo on before the people we didn't, you know, before you read this in the trades, I've decided to pursue other role. Maybe a story is not true. What do we mean the story is not true? Maybe it's not true. Well, why do they put it in there then? Well, the media has gotten things wrong. We've never happened. We're not talking about the current of the media. We're talking about industry, whatever that is. They may not really be any better. Yeah. I don't know what it is. That's not the street I heard of. In fact, I wonder, am I street? I wonder where Greg is right now. He is on clear street. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Got to, you might as well use it. You know. I knew. Oh, man. We wish we were one. I guarantee you never going to hear Jimmy Sybil is say that. Oh, God. Hey, Jimmy. You're fair. Anyway. So, so, you know, this is a whole well and good for killing time, but where the hell's this story? It comes up on the search, but I can't find it on the site when I go there. No, they don't want George to have it in my, oh, no, they don't have it either. Well, maybe the beast can find it again. He found it earlier this morning. And it disappeared? Maybe Greg had it erased. Maybe it's not supposed to be out. Do it. Yeah, as an everyone link. Now, here's the beast, okay. Yeah. I have what everyone else has. So, I told me yesterday to Google the following. Greg, read and M Street. So, I did that and that little thing that George has comes up, but I can't find the story that's all I have. I don't, I Google the, yeah. You're sorry, who little? No, there's not the story there. It's just a little thing that tells you about the story. Oh, it's just a note. Yes. Oh, it's a promo. It's the, I forget what they call it. T's. T's. Thank you, yes. Of it's stories. I don't, I don't, I don't, I'm a Google man. Greg read M Street. I get nothing here. You put a space between M Street. Yeah. The rest of us have it. It's the top result. 20 year, my M.E.G.M. Greg read says he'll leave it at the end of the year to pursue ownership. There it is. Yeah. But that's, in other words, that's that the search result page. If you go to the site, good luck finding it. Is it, is it got a date? No. I believe it's on the subscription part of the site, which is like 300 million. Well, that's a long, hell of a way to find out. And then talk about a mess. And we're, and don't forget it's not that other station over there. We got the real pregame show on this. Maybe it's going to be like that. No, yeah. Is the real deal? I don't think he wants to buy a place that's that deep in the whole already. Well, somebody was telling me, in fact, it was Joe Costello, a George is close personal friend called me yesterday. And he was giving me the whole studio story again. Well, you ought to know he was your producer. I haven't speak to him. About how he started as a board-off and flunky producer. And then I became your producer when you put him on the map. And then all of a sudden he vanished and was, uh, he wanted to be a flunky. And of course he had that, that is money, which, and all of a sudden he went from, he went from producer board-off to general manager. Yeah. He's your crisis in front of you. So, you see, there's our new general manager. Maybe he doesn't have a contract over there. Maybe he could replace Greg. What do I leave? And I'm sure you do the same phenomenal job. I'll probably not lie quite as much. Well, that's really something that we find us. And you know what's going to happen now. I just, oh, I know it. I can smell us coming. What? Hey, boys and girls, guess who's going to get suspended for breaking another story on the year. Oh, no. How do you do it, boy? He vowed. I couldn't get suspended for a week. I couldn't get suspended for a week. I'll see in about three weeks, I guess, right? Well, this would be with pay. This would be without cause. I just said that out of a trade publication. Right. Maybe the, maybe the beast could serve some of your suspension days for you. I've been there and done that. Yeah. Have you really? You've been suspended? Chief, at the time of the sugar bowl. There's a whole fight thing. We'd definitely have to 80 messages of my, what was that all about? I never mind. I didn't see it. Come on. But I know what happened. There was a fight in the French Quarter involving Cames players in the beast was there and he didn't report it. Oh. Then afterwards he was being a show while actually he's paid to do it. I still feel the Kings. He's a sideline before. I'm hearing that if they lose the Clemson this week that they're disbanding the French. I'm just going to stop trying to football. I hear that. They're going to let go of the sideline before. That wouldn't surprise me. Can't afford to feed him anymore. Wow. That's a possibility, you know. So should I make travel plans now? Yeah. Make your reservations for Vegas right now. Right. Any place. Yeah. Never thought on Feevo for you. You have a way. You have a neck. This was even though it's shovel man. You can dig a hole all the way to China. It's just unbelievable. Nah. They wouldn't suspect me for this. Well, I didn't say anything. I didn't say anything. I didn't give him a ping in about it. Yeah. No. You didn't give him a ping in about that. I was thinking of doing just beforeing a new story. Guess what? Peeval. Peeval. Hopper. So you're around. Yeah. Guess. See the month. So what's the story? I haven't seen the story. I just saw the thing this morning at the beach. Oh, we can do it. So there was this. Just a headline. Yes. It takes like a parallel. In order to read the story, you have to pay about five. We have to be a subscriber and it's like 35 bucks minimum. Just. Well, I could handle that. It would be worth it. Think you're ready to him. I mean, it would be worth it to have this. See that. He said that. Not me. Yeah. That's okay. I said it. He knows. He knows. We've been on to him for a long time. So now I remember when Bill Vines left of the IOD and it just sold. Yeah, my good buddy Bill Vines. Hey, and you know, when you rather have everybody like you like Sandy. I said, no, Bill, that means I'd be boring like Sandy. And then before he went off to St. Louis, he tried to harm me again. IOD. He was really a strange bird. They had a lot of strange birds to there that Joe Abernathy and what was the other guy? Oh, uh, who was the guy who came in there through parties every week. That was the guy. Jim Gallon. No. So I were an Athian Jim Gallon. The guy who came in and he forgot his name now. I thought he was a pretty good guy because he always was handing out money. He gave you the code of cities. Yeah. So I were an Athian Jim Gallon. I'm trying to remember the name of the guy who got ahead a lot of string. And of course, they had Bill Wieson there was the PD, which we wound up with him at Kist for about six weeks until they caught onto him. What a bozo he was. It's a Bill Wieson. So he could have been the president. This is full of him. Yeah. I mean, it's full of it. I mean, I can't say I didn't give me any father for you today. I have sure stirred the pot today, man. And I'm George is going to smoke it no doubt. You really mixed that good. Go on. Wow. Before I leave. Don't forget, don't listen to that other station pregame this weekend. How much game do you got this weekend? Uh, I am not doing a game this week. I am really. Yeah. So I will be happy we hanging out here. So you'll be able to sit back and watch that what could be the, Can you imagine the president this game? I'll be at the L House in North Miami Beach. You can watch all the games. Now are you going to be on our real pregame show? Uh, yeah. Well, good. Briefly. Because I noticed it says that my schedule and the real on this week. Often, pretty good. I usually come on and pick games and there's only me out there. It's a late game. So, yeah. Too many to pick. Well, it's the real pregame show. It's the one that doesn't have stew got on it. So that's all they need to know. Okay. Have a great weekend. We're going to like dig into this. We're going to get a hold of shy lot of homes. All right. Let's take it out. You're the best. I see you Monday. I hope so. Bye. Why do you best? Me, you fit. Seek goes in my own. Oh, Mexico National holiday. On station, but getting away trips to cancels. I'm going to get away trips to Mexico City. But we're bringing Mexico to you. That's right. We're giving away Mexico. Real life Mexican. I go. Well, we smug an illegally. Lens across the border in the wheel. Well, the station back. Then we'll give you one to you. Imagine your own personal Mexican. Wash your car. And your house. And your crowd. And you want. Because if they don't, you'll have them deporting. I do. Leave a tent color. When you hear this. And win. On Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible for own Mexicans. Faving in the loss of Mexicans is when is responsibility. And the Kansалиzian Act in European law cards. I thank their citizens to him whoffs this. Can we say this to anyone. Thank you. They're good. I really care. Thank you all. A number of folks. My name is mozzarella. Looks like everyone is out of car. This is really that this is totally changed the whole thrust to where we were going today, right? thrust? Leave it to the hump or man? The nice snow in him will seem probably about two, three weeks. 10-13 a QAM happy Friday. This is Neal Rogers. This is 5-16 a. Break it with you. Here. I'll take it out. I'll take it out. Move over, don't take it. And we promise no one how much love to bring us some of our data. We'll take it out. Off the tube and sea. There's the tape on turn and roll. That's where the bad folks go together way from it all. There's nice crazy little TV in the air under the roof. We'll collect freaking out which airball is closed in the air. Grahily needed communications from members of the tower band Flying plant on our beautyter is out there. Who's there gonna take it? And we promised no go-oh World We Have Bang or Talvezran. You Tell the Eggs Come Up in Shellping Dead. Okay, ten eighteen and five sixty wf you am so like we're all over the place now like I feel like we've been thrown off the tracks There's good. I was keeping my keep in guessing. It's good to go off road once in a while Do I QAM and a heat you don't as hazelnut today? What? from two to four for the grand opening of the Verizon Wireless located at one hundred South American Boulevard downtown Miami stop by to win prizes enjoy free food from a Ladi city subs and find out what a udon is hazelnut's like what is that? I know what an Undonis looks like when you don't don't it? I'll find out who he is now the poor yesterday George was out yesterday, so he wasn't around for this other than current QM employees Who's your all-time favorite radio personality? And we had a stellar response with it over a thousand votes on his pool during the show Which Josh wrote down he marked it on his elbow In a while will ink 1782 votes on his pool not bad. Howard Stern 329 was there any doubt? Of course not feel hungry 239 are you sure the voice of Mr. Intelligence or whatever that thing is in the movie a team of America world police So it's cool in a hundred and sixteen now you did that to or if you made him into a superstar now No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he was a hundred and sixty votes and his partner Rick Riley had only eleven right He was a superstar long before I started glummon on to just nobody knew it though right? Expertsing on payday Boy you talk about a kind of cut screwed over your buddy's son. Thanks again for the movie and George liked the movie Oh spectacular watch it twice. Oh Randy rose 155 And then it's a pretty steep fall after that Joe Rose 80 McQueen 37 he's got for Ralph 46 Al Franken 43 you see if Al Franken is like let's see two four six eighth that goes to show you that there's You know Rich shot 37 default 36 Jeff de Forest and his wrist around days Bob and Tom whatever the only ones we put on You know, he just can't separate them 32 Wolf man Jack 31 Rushlin bought from nine Paul Harvey 28 booster 24 Dr. DeMeto and Lionel and Don Anger's 21 of peace Edge holds 19 Paul cast an open 19 the crow 19 and the grease man 19 cousin Brucey bad hairpiece 17 Larry King 17 big Wilson 16 hello big Romney homey Roman had 15 what a joke that is Larry Lujek 15 Marie the K 14 great werelling 14 Steve Walter teen Larry Glick and his lemonade stand 12 Sonny Fox Rick Riley bill called eleven of peace Gene Shepherd nine Kelly Shepherd and Gennany mad dog of Mike in the mad dog nine Jerry wits in your nine thick be on the eight Ellen Burke eight Danny from eight touched net seven the bird had seven George and the Miguel was in a riff in the burden ass Because he heard those tapes. Yeah. I told him to listen to the tapes up because of the bird factor But just because of the difference of in you the way the radio show sounds what does that mean? It was really sedate in those days by comparison sedate. Oh, yeah, it's what's way Lightlier and the pace is way different now if you see you don't clock six did pertain six aren't againstburg five Steve King five So I guess Nick Lawrence voted twice and Brian Craig a final member does name twice and this week of older ones Greg V. L five Tony Bruno for Alan Fried for Casey Kism for Stan major four $1000 he'll pay it back Ron her C3 Harry Harrison three body Pipp three WCFL Chicago. He was a Piff Bill Tanner three what very farber up here Mike of Mike in a mad dog Two bold Griffin two I should have mentioned your castellamy call yesterday never call again quit Colony Joe I like you are good guy, but leave me alone gotta hate that Bruce Williams to Jerry Williams to and one of these for Paul Winter Joe Niagara High lip George the Hound dog the Rams WKVW and Buffalo Dave Manard one Alan Courtney and Bruce Bradley and Johnny dark head one And no votes for her boss for Anderson. Oh my god Lee Allen from WXYZ and Detroit none Rick these none Carl the Sue's we found out died Long time ago had none and Alice Rantell boy did you leave it and tell the mark on this market Alice had the big oh none Alice you Fairly wow how do you like that so that's almost two thousand votes Now now what have you got? Are you tell me that nobody has anything on that story? Nobody has anything on this story like a and nothing is a power machine in there and same Anything really probably to be tried to fire the beast though. Oh, hey, I got news for you if it's in if it's in print somewhere There should have been a memo going out Saying for a high what you don't think no, I don't it a bit of memorable now saying Greg is decided to pursue If you are other any court screw up He's good. They have so much in the last three really can't put the pieces back together again So he's gonna go and screw some other place up that he's gonna own all of it or part of it or whatever and light us and people over there Well good luck to you Greg okay, it's been a real treat Now here the thing we had on yesterday with bushes Potty note as it is now known we have never had a response to anything we put on our website like we did yesterday We had over 1200 views of that story and so I think you're probably people want to know how that came about that There was a photo of that note and we put this up yet today. John Shrenot. No, we did not I'll put it on He was too busy cancel. Oh, don't blame the photographer You know I mean I don't even know if I emailed to anything else beside this but you'll you'll know this story Right as explains photo of bush bathroom note Don't blame the photographer. That's the message from Gary Hershor on a picture editor for Reuters about the photo We yesterday that shows President George W Bush writing in all two human note during a UN meeting Bush is shown writing. I think I may need a bathroom break. Is this possible? See we couldn't read this scrolling the scribbling below because he was starting to write faster Factor and faster I guess and the pressure was building Right passed it and as much this day and contempt as many of us have as most of us have for him The fact that it matter is we've all been there Sometimes in our pants the photo which quickly became fodder for blogs and emails among friends was taken by rich Wilking a contract photographer based in Denver who recently covered the flooding in New Orleans Hershor and Reuters news editor for pictures for the America says he's responsible for zooming in on the note and The site entranced the photo to word is clients. He says looking didn't know what the notes said when he shot the picture I'm so adamant that Rick had nothing in do with this. He was just a guy who pushed the button Hershor and says he was pushing it and response to the attention the photo is getting word or spokeswoman in London Released a two-sentence statement about the picture They photographer and the editors on the story were looking for other angles in their coverage of this event Something that went beyond the stock pictures of talking heads of these kind of forms usually offer this picture certainly does that So how did the picture happen? I'm sure that most of you are scratching your heads and other parts wondering how this happened? According to Hershor and Wilking was one of several photographers covering the UN Security Council meeting between about 11 and Nune yesterday It was part of a pool station on a balcony that faced bushes back a group of white hospital covers was on a balcony facing the president Wilking shot about 200 images and sent two memory cards to the press room at the UN where her shorn was working Hershor looked at the images on a computer initially decided not to send any of them But a few hours later, he started to wonder about a note that Bush was seeing writing in three of the pictures out of curiosity He zoomed in to see if he could read the note. Once he saw what it said Hershor decided the note was interesting and worth publishing The white parts of the picture were over exposed so a rotors processor used photo shot to burn down the note This is a standard practice for news photos her shorn says and the picture was not manipulated in any other way On 430 in a PM Where there's transmitted two versions of the photo including one that was tightly cropped around the note and bushes hand the caption says that Bush was writing the note to Secretary of State Kind of leaves their rice Hershor and says Wilking saw Bush write the note and hand the note to rice Hershor and says heads of state sell them attend security council meetings. It's possible that Bush was simply asking a Secretary of State What the proper protocol wants to be excused when you're thinking of like some assistant there some aid is supposed to like the Secretary of State having to get permission for a potty break Maybe funny and I'll change to a much else Hershor says head of state sell them attend security council meetings and it's possible at Bush and just where that I'm lying some accused writers in the median general of being insulting or juvenile a letter right at the editor and publisher wrote you ought to be ashamed of yourselves for this stupid trivia and childish focus It's unclear how widely the picture was published Hershor and says the Toronto Globe and Mail published it But wasn't sure of any other outlets Hershor and says he decided to transmit the picture because it was interesting There was no malicious intent. He said that's not what we do do do Listen Start behind the story How come we're like all was that whole handsome and Greg now. What do you got so far nothing? This is Neil Rogers This is 516 We Don't American Idol. Yeah, star George Bush seems the who I'm talking about Before we grow old talking about If you take a fool with you, what do you think of me? Just a child. Don't say ever No, nothing Thanks You said this is because you've just invented you over culture. I have never ordered torture from American Idol and I don't 1033 at 560 WQ. I'm happy Friday 2 at September 16. Mexican Independence Day happy whatever it is Here's our poll today. What one word best describes George W Bush? Now I tried to think I tried to be well. I didn't try to be fair because it would be unlike me But now I try to be a little bit more magnanimous and come up with some more positive words, but I couldn't come up with too many I did put some of money like Said fast and leader and brilliant and dedicated and honorable. I put a few of those on there. They're not doing so well What one word best describes George W Bush? It's hard to do old one word in fact I would take the top two choices right now and put them together Dangerous 123 a hole That was my vote 63 now if you put those two together I would say that some said I pretty well Because anybody can be an a-hole, but when you're a dangerous one then you really are dangerous Unqualified 58 more on 52 a moron Lyr 31 then compute 27 leaders 17. There's the first positive one 3.7% of this crowd say leader and of course he proved that last night Out that down there on at Lawn That was pretty early. I didn't watch it, of course Those O14 thief 10 full nine stood fast eight dumbbell eight rigant eight dedicated eight Butcher seven the butcher Washington honorable five and hypocrite five what about coward? You said that before the show We should have that did which did because you know when you're a draft dog You're we don't chop for your right do it in when you know and you're not taking hot right when you're sending other people off to be killed Oh, there's Karen who's what she doing oh? Waiting to start the service you the national day of prayer. Oh my god. Are they I'm gonna go? National day and prayer how the hell did that slip by us first Greg read his leave and we didn't know about that Now it's the national day and prayer. Maybe we got a pray for the future or Q a M how can we survive without Greg without our fearless leader? Now you tell me since we had that whole long thing with Hank that nobody is coming there and said anything about it No, no one wow I could only imagine what's going on in the other Oh boy, and here I thought Hank that we're gonna be doing these crossovers for a few weeks the tongs the red hot Pokers that are being inserted in the various orify so let's start thinking about this Okay, and I do want to thank Miguel yesterday for bringing me back to my senses. Okay, because I've been thanks to you I've been working much too hard and Josh ain't too happy about it either because the more stories are read That means more I'm looking for and I'm more I'm putting on a weapon. He's getting pretty peo to about it I'm a slacker so no, we're look that's your attitude just take your way through and just take them money Yeah, take it to the bank so we're all the big bucks you're making. Oh, yeah Wow, I wish I could only wish I could tell the audience why you stayed home yesterday But I always said it has to do with something something to with the sponsor and I'm not gonna go into it But I only wish I could and then I could then tell me and I can't oh, there's so much fun Here's some good news. Oh, for an opera Levine which Josh hates her like poison I do or though, I mean Hey, don't you would be pleased to know that she loves her Spanish fans. How do you like that? I agree, but Mexico City and of course it's the Mexican Independence day today So all the Mexicans all the time. In fact, let's go to Taco Bell just in honor of all this. I do like Taco Bell a lot Wait, I'm for Levine loves her Spanish big audiences, but she plans to stick to making music in English in English I probably will say thing wish I was standing up better the 20 year old singer who has born in Canada said before a recent performance That Mexican capitals Palacio de los deportes. It's the main language a lot of people understand that she said Levine was an extra vote of road her under my skin Album the follow-up to let go. I did never expect to sell as many reckons as I do my first record But because of that success, I think I'll always be around with my music. He said because I've had success Now I have the opportunity to make music for the rest of my life. Whatever that means Levine said it for Mexican fans I think they're awesome. I played in Monterey and it was one of the best crowds ever had Viva and she said Viva C. Moon Boulevard, which I don't know what that has to do with him She didn't say that so I believe she's okay with her Mexican buddies. That's good. Okay a lot of calls coming in now must be from Greg Reed's Boyfriends WQAM Hello, hello, you done pretty good. I won't be a fool. Okay, very You fair okay, very Maybe he just meant very as in very dangerous right or very dangerous a whole all of these things WQAM hello Good morning to you. I don't know if you noticed any of the textures from last night The turn pushes speech a kind of line in one pushes speech. Well, it was crap anyway Besides from all that he can when dressed himself The he when he got into dress Was that what I was I was sure was buttoned one off Yeah, he couldn't even dress himself further than that they got all the rights How would we blame him probably condolese? That's probably one of her do these two if he's got a past potty notes to condolese She probably has to like button up her shirts and to all that stuff too Well, he's gone through some tough times right now your president. Okay. He's under a lot of the dress WQAM hello It's all a one for the whole okay? Shwaka Hey, look I like that Shwaka is good about but about puts that's pu tz for the benefit of the Josh you probably don't know from puts You better start learning your puts mister because you sure don't you never gonna be a good golfer like mo So there you go mo how do you like that? Can that that's really interesting it's you know, you it's like a kid Come as running in some kid that you barely even know and like makes a mess all over and dumps on the floor and Okay, and then just runs out Of course it hasn't been that quick. It's been long and the laborious and whatever, but well in fact Now that we Hank did mention it and the beast of course because the beast is the one is probably gonna get deep crap for this Can you imagine what some of the people there are some of the people have been hanging on the grace coat tails for a long time I'm not gonna get into personality's of course sure Well, but there have been some people there are like a clings on you know Greg and his inner circle and the people on the fringes of the inner circle Like Gary Sarton who's kind of like on the bubble, you know He's not on the inner circle per se, but he's like playing on to it the kosher part You know what I'm saying what he said? I'm saying a lot of people are probably very nervous about that because if they bring in a new general manager It's uh, you have a many bell for general manager there you go George somebody really called to you right We have to start examining the possibilities how about rate peri the dolphins now that they're on that other station Raiders have a whole lot to do now no mole and speaking of rave No, he has nothing to do with this where the hell's my panther tickets panther organization? They sure want that money real fast, but I I have as of yesterday have received no panther tickets yet from the organization. Let's get one of their my keen and and Jacques Frogd on Martin Jack Martin. Let's go. Let's get on top of it. I think we're gonna go over a thousand again today Obviously on this because they like this pull this bush pull what one word Yeah, four 90's said we got it's only 10 40 and we got 500 vote Good, golly Miss Molly. I think maybe we've turned the corner now that Greg is leaving This is five 16 There you go There's a song you're using He's got something and it's pointing it to me It's a noisy It's a noisy It's a noisy It's a noisy It's a noisy If he shoots that gun my life is done Oh It's and I The The The We've got Some We've got Some Some We've got Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Let's get it I just wasted 40 bucks and I know nothing Okay, great to see you I just subscribed and I started for their newsletter and then when you start up for their newsletter and the you send them your email And then in order to get the to read it then you have to put your email in your password well, I never asked you for a password So they say oh well in invalid whatever and I got nothing I did finally find I did a Alexa search for that great street a great read the great street A queer street and defined what you had but that doesn't say anything No, now where are you finding more about that? Where are we going to find all the Greg pop things that tell the old buy and you know it's been nice work with you But he had a big grid on this face Who knows what this is all about? That's just bizarre It's really bizarre and of course when you do know with him what you do you do what a perforicator a master perforicator like Greg who the hell knows Maybe it's just a publicity stunt, you know Or maybe he was just seeing how many people could he could just spend if by planning that thing How did the beast find something that obscure though? They've got to hear his own hands for Greg read every day. Does he really? Yeah Ha ha ha ha Yeah Wow As violence death and misery gripped New Orleans and the surrounding parishes in the days after Hurricane Katrina a leadership vacuum bureaucratic red tape and defensive culture paralyzed volunteers attempts to help Doctors eager to help sick and injured evacuees were handed mops by federal officials were expressed concerned about legal liability Even as violence and looting slowed rescues police from other states were turned back while officials squabbled over who should take charge of restoring the peace Where houses in New Orleans burn while firefighters were diverted to Atlanta for FEMA training sessions on community relations and sexual harassment Water trucks lined with for days at FEMA staging area because the drivers like the proper paperwork and it goes on and on Dr. Bong we in a stand evacuated with 300 patients after three hell of days at shell met medical center arriving at the New Orleans airport Amazed to see hundreds of sick people they offered to help but the doctor told CNN FEMA official said they were worried about legal liability They told us you know you can help us by mopping the floor and so they mocked while people died around them I started crying here we called we felt like we could help and we weren't allowed to do anything Steve Simpson sure of Ludon County Virginia since 22 deputies equipped with food and water to last seven days the 14 car caravan including four alterane vehicles was on the road just three hours when they were told turn back The reason Simpson told CNN a Louisiana State police official told them not to come I said what if we guess your office as you probably won't get in Simpson City leader learned to dispute over what the state or federal authorities would command the law enforcement effort was being ironed out that knife But no one ever got back to him with the all clear sure while people are dying there, but it would put about this was plenty over here and put it over there FEMA halted tractor trailers hauling water to a supply staging here see I'm thinking more about this red red thing because if greatly you know the beesley's without red reader like a Starving dog without water, okay, something in the you know sell it to one of those Christian broadcasting jointly just pay everybody off Yeah, you're big contract. I'm sure John is gone I'm just thinking I'm just thinking I said it's wishful thinking or anything like that you understand him it's only three years for me That didn't amount to too much like contract says I have to pay to a work here and if they decide to fuck up fire me I have to pay to be fired what one more Investus drives George W. Bush. We're getting a phenomenal response on this we got 500 look at this 559 posts we might get close to 600 in the first hour Honey like that and that's all because greats leaving they hate you Greg they never forgive you for for Well, I never forgive you for that I mean stir and they never heard the stir and show anyway because you know it was like a piece of Swiss cheese You know it's just amazing the way this guy walks around everything's a big yes You know like that Which I guess when you got that kind of money and all those expensive suits? I guess in the crappy haircut you can afford to do that. I don't know when you see all of the disaster that has laid in the wake I mean it makes hurricane Katrina almost pale into win significance hurricane Greg man master of disaster Dangerous that's the word that describes your fearless leader not drag Bush. I'll vote both dangerous I'm qualified 73 a hole 69 More on 68 liar 39 now there's one it kind of like slops over a lot of liar is running around smoking leader 35 Nincom poop look how many people said Nincom poop Bozo I wasn't even gonna put it on because it wasn't record spell right, but it's one of those words when you stare right it out It's kind of like right now. I got to take a leak, you know Bozo 15 thief 13 full 11 full Butchery 10 dedicated 10 about dedicated butcher he's doing a hell of a job dumbbell nine Brilliant nine steadfast eight hypocrite eight honorable seven schmuck two Perish mosh muck with a pair plus two coward one and ferry none. Oh nobody ever told our president You're fair yet 571 votes. Maybe miss judge will call up his good friend George W. Say you're fairy Or maybe it'll be the other way around. Let's say evil. Oh, I got that. Thank you evil doer All right, because somebody facts instead of vote on the boys poll when you add evil to the list Also would vote for Hitler one of being lots to worse evil doer all one word Here's a facts from bat who says There's a moving out called control room a movie out moving movie. He might have said movie out thinking about Greg again There's a movie out called control room that's getting no media tensions coming pissed off and fired up as a documentary about the Alzazir and news network during the start and they supposed it into the rack war They movie goes a long way to the bunk rumsfeld assertion that the network's a ball phonetics plus for George There's a woman Alzazir producer who gets kind of hot by the end of the movie She starts out kind of like loop form by the body in the movie. Please check it out with a quick Google control room Thank you. So we were Googling Greg read leaving in the Ennestrade and queer street and stuff like that at Eric says they probably emailed you a password So check that out. Oh, I see cuz Rick we were told is the Greg here's an Claire Street right now that really I've got thank goodness morning He knew that one was going He knows my sick mind. Okay, so I got to check my email 20 said okay, but you wish a little tune or something while I'll be damned there's a message You know it's all well and good as a receipt for my subscription We're 10 on any part of that crap, but it's just as email address Her it's just email and rent well I'll click on my email address, but that's not gonna do any good Cause then it's just gonna go yeah like I'm supposed to send myself an email like you puts you schmuck you idiot You just wasted 40 bucks. Thanks a lot, beast. That was too crazy about him, you know I can understand why I jotted one of my Michelle was it for real. Oh both Yeah, I don't I don't get it if you need to get in touch with us about your order Simply send an email message to I don't have time for all of this But it's awfully it's not a good start for them. It's very awkward because if you're gonna have to have like a password When you when you fill the thing out to get their inside radio thing you should register a chinnier along with your email Right, well, even that's me to do that and then when I try to get on there. They will watch your email and your password What password you idiots you lunatics you maniacs? So we're supposed to believe some stupid asteroid that they put on there about great relieving now It's also it seems to me because my mind is kind of cloudy on these things They're great not that long ago just about the time that I resigned that I re-upped not this last time but before that I'm like a five-year extension or for something like that three year whatever was whatever was so if he would be leaving if they ended The year that would be before his deal is up so that means probably getting fired Not that they would ever fire him of course I think the fireman after when he pulled with my last contract Extension they'd never fire him or would Howard or with all both Howard's or with for now all that stuff And we drove those so who now knows and of course we just can't get a hold of the size as far as I'm concerned It's just what those mysteries he's probably behind it because very well talked to him anymore Now that Barry's got his head up 790s asked in fact the heroes got their head so far up there They even got an extra story in there about how the coach your show and the Sabin is on 790 across the street and Yadiyani Yadiyani I tell you one thing about that coach Sabin man. He ain't no Stu gots Oh, and there goes the audio well. Oh, no, that's always joking Yeah, is that just a joke? Hey, we got one in oh no, that's not a joke Please send us your email address and we'll email you a password And that didn't work out for you. Oh, yeah, there you go. That's your answer and then it says still the email address that you just it was not found Please try it again. Well, that's my email address. That's the one that I put on You know what they can take this damn em-street and stick it with a mundo shine Well, maybe you just have to wait a second for it to load or something No, I did just I just said the sorry that it dresses not found so no matter what you put on there I think it's a scam. I don't think there is any M3 maybe there's an MNM a street I just robbed you for 40 bucks. Yeah, 40 bucks. I wanted that money. I'm gonna get it from the beast He's a craft. So what do we do now the audio ball crack down no water and wait just no long one One thing you might you work on it. Let me back up here. Okay, let's try This is the Neil Rogers show Any questions There's a vector of fever when I was born and then the pieces is seen And the clueless son of a bitch It's his dick's round nose and the bridge It's his Round nose and the bridge new all leans is wiped out in gone with No, you said I did one heck of a job and it's your pays off to be a problem In another white害feaster We're for a praise Jesus for our Lord and King. I don't believe compassion is what we have learned. It turns the right to have this life and you descend to Susei. It's a national disgrace that you never black in the first place. This is no time to blame the blame, since we know that every king is caused by a king who are not the right guy to all-mown. Light sky would clearly then follow the goal where achieving the American Light Wind dream. You make everybody life like me and an ignorant son of a bitch who gets its job from those who do wish. Oh, how are you setting my new brainy and horses? As rather you let the watch floating courts is on the negligent burden of our now. And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. I'll take the sin, turn it around. But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. Reckham. 1103 at 5.60 WM where we have all sorts of technical problems and screwups and etc. I'mma keep in mind. Don't listen to that other station. Listen to us. Were the real station? You believe us? Yes, we are. Were the real sports station. We got our heads so far up the dolphins and they're coming under their ears. Anyway, I just really discussed that I sent them a cost to their ears. I got a response to their email at whatever this is. M Street. Yeah. And I'm waiting. That they had me register and I wasted 40 bucks. And I gave them a credit card and the audit. I mean, is it really worth 40 bucks to find out if Greg Reed is really leaving or not? I mean, you couldn't get a straight answer when that building anyway. You got exactly what I expected. Then there's a smart answer. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And like that. But I mean, where there's smoke there's got to be fire. Where there's a headline. There's got to be a story somewhere, right? I just don't see anybody really working feversly to try to get to the bottom of this. Now that Hank and the beast planted the seeds and we're just we're not just usually having our great success finding this name. I can't and neither can Eric find anything else on it. Yeah. Well, why not? Eric, he can't afford it. I just sent him. I just sent you check out yesterday. Eric, for that bandwidth. Okay. I should have put next to your 40 bucks on it. Damn it. He can't even get the same results that we are when we do the Google. Well, if you if you'd go on in the Alexa toolbar and they do a Alexa search, you'll come up with that one and I got the same headline that you did. It's kind of funny though, but I don't think most people realize that. But if you Google it on your computer there, even though we're using the same search engine, it's different. It's still really the same for some reason. Well, because I'm in Canada, maybe they don't know Greg Wayne and Canada. Maybe that's why they're all walking around with a smile on their face. They seem so happy, eh? Yeah. How's it going? Hey, oh, we never heard a Greg Reed. 560, pound five 60 and he Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. Join QAM and he's you Donis Hazelam today. From 2 to 4 this afternoon for the grand opening of the Verizon Wireless at 100 South This Game Boulevard downtown Lime and it's 2 to 4. Stopped when prizes enjoy free food from the Atlantic City subs with QAM and you Donis Hazelam. And we're not the heat station, by the way. I just thought I would mention that. All right. That's W-I-O-D. W-I-M-Hello. Wayne Arnold is up to 7.54. Agent Post. Yeah, right. Wayne Arnold is an Agent Post. That's cute. We never did find out what to really have. We call it. We call it fire. Right. They had a fire. Yeah. Somebody better call us in and tell us what's really going on there. It's supposed to this jackass. It thinks he's a comedian. What time's your show lunch? 560, pound five 60 and Verizon Singular Wireless line. W-I-M-Hello. Yeah, if I do. Okay. I haven't heard many people use the term, but you've coined Quizzling for W-I mean, I think that's perfectly. Okay. Neil, are you up there? How did you, are you want to work for a minute up there? Can't work for a minute up there in Canada? I don't work in Canada. What are you talking about? To be able to have residents up there, you have to, I get it. I mean, do you have to take for our restat? Is there how you pull them out off? How you pull them off? Anybody can come here as long as you don't stay more than 180 consecutive days. You can come here and do whatever you want. Uh, so you got 180 days and then you should take a trip then come back. Well, I don't, I never stay here more than six months. I mean, I'm in Europe. I'm in Miami. I'm all over the place. I'm here. You're coming back for the home opener, Neil. Yeah. Good luck, Kelly. Yeah, right. Ha ha ha ha. All right. We love the fans. I can't even get them to some of the antikots down there. Am I coming home for the home opener? Yeah. Hold your breath. They just don't understand. I've written that place off. You know, I just, who else wants it? If you have a choice? Yeah. How about how you're pulling off such an ever work permit? I don't work in Canada. I don't get paid no Canadian wages. I'll tell you one thing. I was your paying plenty of thanks. You got your GST and your PST and your DDT. You know, I think it's all fun and games. How's it going, eh? And by the way, it'll be like 10 bucks more than you thought it was, because we got 10 different kinds of taxes on it. 640 votes. You've got to be Schmitt and Memeister. What else going on here today? I think the audience came back yesterday when he finally realized George without sick. Actually, it wasn't sick. Well, I have doubted. Well, I don't blame me. I'm starting to get there too. After all this great business, just here in that name. And then finding out that he came in there and gave that little shmirkal. You know, that wise asking? If it's in there, then it must be true. Maybe they're having a parting of the ways, or maybe he's playing like some kind of thing. And see there, it finds him kind of a psyche with the obesity crowd. Maybe that's it possible. Yeah, wouldn't surprise me. He's got a pursue ownership of possibilities. Right. God help those people, whoever that might be. WQAM, hello. Hey, Sally. Yes, sir. Hey, got a cup of free of charge. Okay. Uh, in broad idiotic, in the circle. If that's a road and bubbling. Okay. That's a good one. Okay. Good enough. Thanks. Vumbling. Some of the investigators were I am BECILIC. In the silica. That's a word. Okay. Bill Clinton brings together heads of state activists. He knows a guy. Even though he, I just, I hear real nervous when I see him with it. A pop a bush. Yeah. See the two of them together. I mean, they're doing good stuff. But I just, I just don't like the way he's sucking up to the old man. I can't handle it. But nevertheless, he's doing good stuff. Baba, he could just go off and enjoy all that money. And hang out with Monica's girlfriend. But no. And then I should have led by former president, Clint, the tackled poverty. And then I'm in change in other world wide issues. He's launching with a gathering of political leaders, activists who are promising to pitch in and must put those pledges in writing. Participants who fall short cannot come back next year, such as Jay Carson, spokesman for the Clinton Global Initiative. Among the 800 expected Ed Manhattan Hotel for 3-day event, our British Prime Minister Tony Blair, Secretary of State Combo Lee's a rise, UN Secretary General Coffey and an inclinement cell. This conference is about talking about action, Carson said, Clinton has been very clear that if people make a difference then get lost through it for wrong conference. Some commitments have already been lined up, including establishment of a $100 million foundation to fight poverty. Others will come out of the meeting, Carson said. Clinton's wife, Senator Hillary Rodham, Clinton is speaking on a panel. Other notable include financial and George Soros, media chiefs, group of Murdoch and Richard Parsons, many participants are already in the city for some marking the well we know about the UN thing about the person's federal party. Mingling with him will be representatives from non-governmental organizations in the business community, among the topics, clean energy and how to finance it. The President's Advantage to Fathlete and Islam in the West had mission as an expensive ticket, some attendees paying 15 grand to attend, the fee was way for others, but the key is the promise of action, Carson said. President Clinton has attended a number of other conferences and feels that they play a critical role in terms of getting people together discussing important issues, but if he is we reach the time where it's not enough to just talk about the issues, we get to start doing something. The initiative staff will track where the contracts are fulfilled, and if not, get out of him. So how is the Eric working on this thing? So I check and see if I can email back. I doubt it, because ordinarily when you ask a question like that, because this is not a thing to mean, no wonder I never heard of it. I mean, if I were to write this in radio and records or FMQB or something else, I'd say, oh yeah, although this place they do have a newsletter. In fact, inside radio we used to get that, we used to write, that when that's the thing I'm trying to get, now is my inside radio and I can't get the damn thing. So let me click on my email here, just one moment please. And see if I got to make a nag on nothing on there. See? Nothing. So we consider it keep checking us all day long. This waste a lot of everybody's time, and that's probably what we'll do. 560, pound 560, and the Verizon singular wireless line. We're going to have like, we want to have a thousand votes by the end of this hour, the way this is going. All right. Well, I think I finally touched the runner, especially after that brilliant speech last night, called political posturing, called trying to cover your ass trying desperately. All the approval ratings are 40% some polls, a 38 to 99%. You better get out there and look like a leader. Now I see his face and I think to myself, if we're a leader, that's what the Chinese say. If we're a leader, just really sad. Alfred, you know, by the way, may Sue has asked that impersonation. Yeah. We need these bad for Al's image, I would think. From an attempt to 11 at 560, let's take a look at that schedule boys and girls. We got the mole myster. Oh, to a clock. Mad dog is four. Mad dogs back today. Thank God for that. Just in time for that big gift football weekend. And the real pregame show this Sunday, the real one, as opposed to air shots, rhymes with Stugots. Marlins on deck seven o'clock tonight. Philly's in a Marlins series of the year kind of a rough outgoing air in Houston, man. The last two really, kind of undid all the good that they did. Yes, put the series. Never not good. They had moved ahead. In fact, it was a four game of swing. If they would have won swap the series, they could have gone like, obviously three and a half ahead. Instead, they were happy how this far as Houston's concerned anyway. But they can take care of the fillies this weekend. The big game is tonight. I bet you're a Donald Carl's pitch in the night. No, tomorrow night. Yes. Oh, who's pitch in the night? Brian Moller. Oh, and then any cake after the game. Wow, my teeth are starting to ache. 11 13 a QA and when was the last time you really indulged yourself weeks ago? Month ago, even longer? Well, Donald Matt Chris and Sir to want you to indulge yourself. Every night, Greg would serve as perfect night mattress line. Right now, when you call 1-800 mattress, you can save up the nine her box off the Dattle mattress factory direct prices. The perfect night feature, Sir to hire school accounts, find it's quilting and memory foam for the Ultimate and comfort. The Sir to sales for limited time, you're going to save out all sizes and comfort levels, while supplies last. Just call 1-800 mattress and get delivery within any two or one of those convenient for you. Tell them on the show up. You picked that tour window like 11 to 1 noon to 2, 3-year or 5 whatever and they sure want. In fact, the chances are they have the mattress you're hoping for in the size and comfort level you want, ready for same day delivery right now. Valamach for strength. Number one in the world. I've used them for years as has George and Moe and Miguel and even Fat Boy is sleeping on a huge one. And we got a lot of other folks at QM2 are satisfied customers and I guarantee if you get off your ass to make that call, you will be too. Don't put it off another minute. We placed that lumpy bumpy worn out mattress and guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years to come. Call 1-800 mattress right now or log on to mattress.com. Call today be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800 mattress MATTRES. We've off the last ass because it stands for Stoo Penders saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. There it goes again. I'll be there. I was wondering I thought maybe we just thought a spot that started out a little bit kind of a little audio like, you know? So good. Well that's great. I've got a response from my M-string by the way. The great we've recently continued. Thank you for ordering inside radio. Here's a copy of today's inside radio. Oh, there's another one I have in here. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, my light is looking good. I'll find a middle before she could reach the handle. Make good. Well, you know what? The inside radio thing. Yeah. I don't think there's a different thing that what's on there on the main page. This isn't it. Here's the arbitransfer on a lubell and Fredericksburg, Virginia. Alright. And every Monday morning I'm going to facts the newsletter. And that great. It's too bad. This is what I have to do with this particular article. Nothing. Oh, here are WHTQ and I need to see where the hell is that? Orlando. There's a job for your birthday because you sure ain't cutting it here. I don't see it. It's not on this page. This is not where it's found. Okay. Although this isn't what I paid for. I want you to understand that. I don't think. Maybe what? I don't know. Univision COO rate where I read this is they have proof that cross promotion works. You don't know him. One of your people. Oh, yeah. Talk with us during the NAB radio show and that's always very productive. So what are we going to do about those spots? First I'll make it. It's almost time for the next break. I can try it again. Give it a shot. Smack it. There we go. Hey, you best dude. You know what I'm going to eat? I know what I'm going to eat. You know what I'm going to eat? Oh, right way not. Two. Throw. That's it from our style. You got the part. One. Two. There you better or else. You're a bad, you're a bad guy. Oh, right. The West Magic. I'm on it too, right? Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. I hear a ball all of you in the distance. Okay, love it 22. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. Okay, love it 22. I'm getting a real work on this on the internet right now. Okay. Really tired of it. As much as I promoted it, I like it because you don't get all that spam and crap. Firefox is going to be just an aggravated. Because they just create a lot of problems for you. You don't get, I don't want to go through it. You want to say what he said. I'm saying that I'm sick and tired of it. We just provided a pop-up. Yeah, a lot of pop-up. That's where I got to sign on this crap that they told me. Okay? Jesus, God Almighty. One moment please. There we go. Okay. Check in here. Sorry, invalid login. Well guess what? Drop dead. Go to hell. You people over there at an inside radio. And what about LAR? Go to hell. She gives me instructions to what to login there. And then I put the thing in. I'll sorry invalid. Go to hell. Yeah. Well, it's probably not worth it anyway because it's probably not any real article. There is probably a scam. Just a lot of busy work. Just to get everybody all whipped up. Just to get the attention again. He probably just died for attention. Here's your chronic close personal friend Mark. Thanks. He says putting aside his career as a cheerleader with Yale. There hasn't been big rumors of bicureus activity in his youth with old-school and bone friends Victor Ash from the Army of Knoxville now invested in Poland. Google up Bush, Victor Ash. Yeah. I'm so excited to hear you. Okay. He's okay. He's okay. There you go. God Almighty. You're right about that guy. He's getting on my nerves. Actually, it's not you Mark. Don't take it personal. It's just this M Street thing. It's going to be really aggravated. And it's, you know, it's to be lightly so these piece of crap. Although I mean, wouldn't you think after I waste 40 bucks and I go through then she responds to my email. We're just luckily I put it out her response here and go when the choose read inside radio and enter this and enter that and I did that and it's invalid invalid invalid. No matter what you put on there, it's invalid. Okay. I think you're invalid. How do you like that? What's this bitch's name here? Irene. I guess what? Good night Irene. You make me sick. You make me want a barf Irene. Here's a very important story. I want to read too many stories though because Miguel likes you turn on us like a rat. Don't do that. A Pentagon employee was ordered to destroy documents that identified Mohammed Ata as a terrorist. Two years before the 2001 attacks of congressmen said yesterday. The employee has prepared a test to find next week before the Senate judiciary committee. And was expected to identify the first award in him to destroy the large volume of documents. Said representative Kurt Weld and Republican Appencil Vania. Weld and declined to identify the employees. citing confidentiality matters. Weld and described the documents as two and a half terabytes as much as a fourth of all the printed materials in Library of Congress. He added. Two point five terabytes. A lot of bytes. No. The Senate judiciary committee said the witnesses were the hearing had been finalized. Couldn't confirm Weld's comments. Hearing is next Wednesday. Army major sergeant Paul Sorgott's. Swear Gots. A Pentagon spokesman said officials have been fact fighting an earnest for quite some time. We've interviewed 80 people with able danger combed through hundreds of thousands of documents and millions of emails. And still found no documentation more Hamid Ata he said. He added that certain data had to be destroyed and accordance with existing regulations regarding intelligence data on US persons. Weld and is said that Ata the mastermind of the 911 attacks and three other hijackers were identified in 1999. By a classified military intelligence unit known as Abel Danger, which determined they could be members of the Naltradis cell. On Wednesday, former members of the 911 Commission dismissed the Abel Danger assertions. One commissioner accepted or stayed Gordon Republican to walk and said, but Lee it just didn't happen. That's the conclusion of all 10 of us. Weld and responded angrily to Gordon's assertions, although we do like the Gordon fishermen. It's absolutely un- Unbelievable. A commissioner would say that this program didn't exist well. Then said Pentagon officials said this month they found three more people recall and intelligence chart identifying Ata's. A terrorist prior to the 911 attacks to military officers. Armoured Lieutenant Colonel Anthony Schafer and Abycampons, who has got still pot of come forward to support the world and say, how do you like that? So it's just part of the big ass cover up more incompetence more in that tattoo. They had their thumb right on his ass and some of the other ragheads too. And they just let him slip away as clearance Carter would say. How do you like that? I hesitate to keep taking these breaks because God only knows that even as serious doubts of this crappy Q and equipment. But whatever you do, Greg, be sure to get that audio vault. It's the best piece going. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8. I've got another obsession to break. No way to lose. I'm a NATO-income home late. Dressed in. What about Stephen Mingue? It's really too. Because then a palace of best defense to best thing all not new. You. Because then a palace of best defense to best thing all not new. You. When my wife tries to watch it get so used. Which of these players in that show now? Or while does. I can't just run out of this, so in that of you. And my school is too. Which players would get scared of this? That's it. What's your sense, ladies and gentlemen? Will I come for the whole morning, man? That's my office. Goodman, I tell you it's just fair. The fair has the fair. The fair has the fair gone to the office. You. What's your sense, gentlemen? The fair has the fair. They've gone to the office. Why is that a telephone? Your presence declared today a day of national prayer and remembrance. Okay. I'd almost forgot to remember. 760 votes about your president. If you had one more to describe George W. Bush, dangerous 176. A lot of dead people would say that if they could. Unqualified 90, a whole 88. Where's that eight hole? A leader 86, moron 81, liar 43, ninkum 33, Bozo 19, full 15, fish 14. Now we get to the good stuff. Brilliant 13. I got news for him. If he's brilliant, I'm a rocket scientist. I'm a genius. If he's brilliant, if that's the standard. By which we define brilliance. Dedicated 12, dumbbell 11, butcher 11, evil to attend. 10, cuts 10, honorable 9. What you can be an honorable evil doer. Steb 5.9, hypocrite 9, in Basilic 8, schmuck 7, Crisling spelled wrong 5, fairie 2 and coward 1, out of 772. 770, it's not even noon yet. How do you like that boys and girls? That's certainly way. And of course we get inside track in the middle of anything. Boy, you know, you can always tell when somebody is fishing around. I like Joe a lot, but people are on a fishing expedition. Go stick your pole somewhere else. Go drop your hook in somebody else's hole. Well, they probably thinks it's wintertime up here already. Here's inside radio. How did I get this? Did you send this to me? No. I heard your fax machine beeping though. Well, I just sent them the fax number to fax this too. And I guess now they're not wasting any time because they could see. I'm using my real name. So they have no idea that it's the alajors. I'm WQM. It's going to rip you people in ass. They need really hot too. But we used to get this at QM. Remember Tom Taylor inside radio. This is a real thing. Yeah. This is bogus. This isn't make believe. So what I should probably do is give you this number because he's got a number of Tom Taylor and you can call him up and tell him that we're calling from the Neil Roger show. We're curious about what we find more information about the great read story. The fact that that number? Yes. Or I can just give it all through the intercon. That will call on you. Well, if you close your mic. Everybody's mic's closed off. Close mine. Got it. Got it. Okay. Now, call them up. See what you get. I don't know where 609 is. I have no idea where the area code is. Probably in, hopefully they're called Yenemsville. What? It's over Yonder. Look at this. So here's all the inside radio stuff, which is exactly the same stuff that you read for free when you go to industry. I mean, what's the big deal with this? Apparently not for free. I just don't get it. But I don't see anything about Greg Reed. Let's move this as this. And Terry Bond run double radio by Zavis. And this one buys that. And the Yadiyani. People moves. Here you go. People loses under there. No. Oh, there's more to it. Oh, no. Please don't come in. Is it going to waste all my facts. People would have stuff about the ratings for Frederick'sburg, Virginia. And Hampton's Riverhead, New York. And Hanalula, Hawaii. Oh, please. Cracker, please. You ought to go under just to find a beast and just whip him with a well. Take that big mishoddy. All of that wouldn't get there. Go under the ads or malactor of the show. And I haven't seen anybody out there in the hallways. Really? It must be torturing him. They must be, you know, they've got in the dungeon. Good. No, I'm a broadcast engineer. You may see radio stations looking for broadcast engineer with a good sense of humor fix it. I was thinking about him yesterday. I saw Guy on television. I don't know what this story was. But one of these people who goes out of his way to make himself look silly. You know what I mean by that? I hope to. I work here. And I mean, you know what I'm saying. Yeah. People who go out of their way. They're the certain kind of glasses they wear. They have like kind of a three little musta kind of like who's the guy that used to do the movie we've used in a machine shallot, right? Okay. Like that. That's character, don't you know? Or like Rift Taylor. People like go out of their way to make themselves look silly. Freaky Diki. And I started thinking about fix it. Good news. Yes. Having someone email me the story right now. Really? That's right. I heard another one. What was you call that number? I called the number that Guy who picked up is a big fan of the show. He's listen. And he's inside radio loves this show. They radio had the story yesterday. They're emailing it to me right now. Oh, I am. What did you have? That's here. The Josh Corin. We're saying it's nothing to do with you. It's the hard work I did online here. That's right. I want to apologize. There really been a gnawing this show today. But this is more important than the show. It's just one day. You know what? Every single day. Talk about they eat this stuff up with like the big line. Who I know that. But I haven't been ready to paint as much attention. Yeah. In fact, I just been playing music. And now. I always that was part of the old building. I was busy audio ball. He grabbed a lot of it. I sure loved Joe knows more. Wasn't she great? I showed you a spectacular. Everything that was on the money. Absolutely. And I was getting ready to argue with you about Shaka Khan. Because I liked that other song. She said she was brutal. She put her that song. I mean, she's got a couple of good things in her time. But to put her in there with these other great people with voosey Collins and Gerald Levert and the Ben Harper and John Osborne is just. She had to be in death row for them. She didn't have to butcher that face. She doesn't have a good voice. But she would love it, isn't it? Yeah, because actually, it's fascinating. Bravo! And then we'll ask exactly what all over the place. In fact, I can tell a little bit of that. What, yeah, I know you're way enough for her to jump off of, as well. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to give it up. Yeah, give it up. Give it up to love. Oh big people. It's so nice and so beautiful, heroes. They're drum section. Oh, I don't wanna hear all of that. Oh, I don't wanna hear all of that. He's on this floor. He's on this floor. Hey Shaka! Shaka! I'm going to the shop and go over to the shop and start. So back to the store. She's doing like a macy gray on that. I can't understand where's your dance. Scoot and Sketon and Chewby do what? So what did they say, Josh? This is really interesting craft. The guy who actually answered the phone, I said, you know, I'm the producer of the Neil Rogers Show. They said there was an article posted and before I was even done, he interrupted me. Yeah. You know, we posted it yesterday and I said, oh, well, we can't find it. And he's like, okay, I'll send it to you. So I can say the 40 bucks. Well, this can't cancel. No, seriously, I'm going to continue getting this. I'd like to get inside radio. You know, we might have an idea of what's going on in the business since all these people inside our building just lied to us. In fact, most of the people we got in there are in the dark anyway. Without Johnny, like Muff and Clarence. Oh, wouldn't it be like the first thing that the new GM does is make Clarence back into a board-up? Wouldn't it be good? All sorry. I was listening to the TV. He can still hang out and some of those, you know, hurricane games, you know, with the beast and his buddy, his idols, rose a ganky. I got a headache. Now, are you fascinated? Have you got a yes? He's checking out the check and right now. Oh, or he's emailing you to is what you saw. He said, oh, my God. I'm getting a migraine headache, which I never get headaches, but I'm getting my head is just pounding for you. Oh, sorry. I'm going to throw the club. 19 till noon at 5.60. WQM, where Greg is leaving. Let's have a big party for Greg. I'll come back for that. Hey, are you racing in poker fans? Topical Park is hosting Hurricane Katrina Relief Night. This Saturday, September 17, sounds like tomorrow. Volunteer donations will be accepted at all admission gates. Come help those who have lost so much. Please consider bringing any drier canned goods, toilet items, bleach, baby food, or diapers. Cash or a check is great, too. Checks can be made out to the aisle of Capri team member hurricane Relief Fund. Just if you want to leave a blank, they'll tell you how to make them out when you go there. That's tomorrow night, Saturday, September 17. Hurricane Katrina Relief Night at Pumpkin Park, Racing in poker. If they tell you to make the check out to Big Findberg, I'd think about it twice. And, best of all, both admission and parking are free at Pumpkin Park. The race track is open for live racing in poker every Wednesday, Friday, like today, and the Saturdays, too. Post time is 725, and a PM poker room is open from noon, noon midnight with tournaments every day. And, of course, like always, final casting every single day, 7 days a week from noon till 1 o'clock in the morning. And, every Wednesday is dollar night continues at Pumpkin Park. Free admission, free parking, it's all waiting for you at Pumpkin Park. A blocked out of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. For the curr racing schedule, go online at 9 at on the web at Pumpkin Park.com or call 954. 9772.2,000 don't forget post time tonight at Pumpkin Park. 725 in the PM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 566. So this stuff I was going to play every time for that. All right. Because what we got to do is the day for my station side radio. 5x time Taylor. Times probably listening online right now. They do love this show. 20 year mind. Me general manager Greg Reed says he'll leave at the end of the year and pursue ownership. How come we know this and it was in yesterday's inside radio. This is Wednesday, September 14. And, Duff don't seem to know anything about it. Maybe Duff is just holding back information from us. Clarence didn't make an appearance in this morning, right? The Maddie Bellden, coming near and kiss you on the lips. The director of the company, and they're saying hey, the Neil hit his pants and tickets to the organization. You know, I want to make sure about that. Well, not all these people came in. Scoranged and call from home and say hey Roy is over here now. Hang in there. No, no, no. Wait, wait. But wait till you heard this. This is hysterical. Did you look at it? Look at it. Greg's man is power 96 WPO W since 1985. He also oversees sports WQAM. The word after thought. You know, read it. It's the overseas. Yeah, that's where we like to send them overseas. On a rickety boat, maybe even given that raft that you came in on. Just pass it up kind of half-assed. He's worked for owner George Beesley even larger than that. But Greg's contract has up in December. And he's got the it's to try his hand at ownership. He won't be the only manager chasing that personal remin. There's plenty of money both equity and debt around. The problem is finding deals at an affordable multiple. And as many would be owners remind us, Wall Street would rather finance a bigger deal than a smaller one. They want a big one. Greg, not a smaller one. Believe me from what I've heard. You're just not up to the task. They want a bigger one. I'm already in the next hour. That's how far ahead of myself I am. That's how screwed up this day has been. I'm going to throw away the last page of the law. There's no lives spot on there. Isn't no. I can't hear anything anyway. So tell good. Yeah, the other hand. This is like an out of body experience. I told you that this morning. I just, I'm not, my sign this is you wanted to walk as we had a big change in the weather. It's like cloudy and raining now. I'm not going to go away tomorrow. But it is not. Oh, gee. I just went off a bubble. We don't want to do that. We're going to go back. We're going to go back. Come on. Get out of the way. I believe that there should be some reorganization there. It's being the not be part of national security. Well, you know, I'm biased. I like it to what it was. I think the most important thing is we probably should have some sort of requirement that anybody has the job has prior experience in a moment. And now you're getting carried away, Baba. Somebody even qualified to do the job as opposed to just being in the international venue. We're going to be in the horse foundation. Come on. Get with us. Yeah, we want to back. We want to go back, baby. Now, we're going to release our program. We want to know. He's not like a kingdom. I might actually watch a couple of minutes of that. I doubt it though. I'm going to read this again. Okay? Because here, you get this exclusively right here on this show. So now we can't get, allow the Huffer to get suspended or even obese because it's a new story. Of course, it was the last one. But it wasn't in print I guess. 20 years general manager, my, me, GM Greg reads, his he'll leave it the years and then pursue ownership. Greg has managed power 96 and 85. He also overserts he sports right in a WQM. Yeah, you're right. Like an actor thought. He worked for his work for owner George Beesley even longer than that. A great contract is a see. And what I think this is, you know what it is. Sorry, he planted this to put the squeeze on the Beesley. That's all. He's squeezing the bees. The great contract is up in December. He's got the it's to try his hand at ownership. Maybe the bees is, maybe that's why he's got the it's maybe got stung. And he messed up a few times in the last four years. I'll tell you one. Stung himself. He went in and it goes on about other managers. That's the important part. Greg is leaving at the years and the pursue ownership. And like I said, maybe it's true. Of course anything he says it's unlikely that it's true. But it did possible. More likely this is just a little tactic on his part. Call up his buddy Tom Taylor and say, put a thing in there. I'm thinking about leaving. See if I can squeeze a little more of the Beesley. See, I'll give me the whole thing. But of course, if it is true, like I said at that point, I would think that the Beesley would say, we've had enough of this weekend operate. That takes without Greg. We're going to sell the Pat Robertson and put the some religious crap on those stations. Then of course they'd have to pay all of us off. All of you. Though I'm talking about us with contract. So you got a contract. I wasn't joking what it says. What all for them. The contract is all for them. Nothing for me. That sounds like the three musketeers. How'd that go? If they fire me, I got to pay that. That's our opinion and Artemis and Artemis and Artemis. It's $805. It's $700 on a poll. So far on a bush. That is just sensational. $56.705. So now we have to decide who the next general manager is going to be at WQAM. Who's going to be, excuse me, who's going to oversee WQAM? I'm going to be our overseer. Right. Who's going to be the Seer? Maybe Mickey Dane could be the Seer. Thank you. Who's the second leader? Pression. I'm thinking like Maddie Bellers, a kind of corporation, a circle. I mean a suck up. I mean a guy that probably, of course, he's one of Greg's buddies. So he'd probably like to move a step right on. Pression. Pression. First, that could be like to a superior head and head with a man. I don't know if I'd imagine that Greg would take his crew with him. Wouldn't you? That's true. It would take all those tag-alongs with him, all those clingsons. So that would mean the water not see and maybe Gary Sarner. If Gary speaks nice and doesn't need trade. Really, Perry? I don't think, Ray. Ray's not. Ray's on the way out. They're going to feel cost in him. Yeah. And certainly Maddie Bells. So there you go. They've been a little, you know, the inner circle. They'll all be on the way out. That mean, maybe the sales manager that likes us so much. Maybe he'll be the new GM. Whatever it is. Curtis? What is his name? Curtis Sleewa? Exactly. He is strange. I'll ask say one thing, man. It's sales department. They are really doing it. Not Berkeley. The only hope we got in the sales department is the new guy's Billy and Jay and whoever else. So we don't know what their names are yet. They see they haven't been totally destroyed yet. Although we hear rumblings that their start to run their minds. A mind is a terrible thing to ruin. That says that right on the front door of the sales office. A QM, a mind is a terrible thing to destroy. Just to take this destroy the will. A science like the Chinese didn't the Chinese torture treatment. WQAM. Hello. That's Berkeley. QAM. Hey, how you doing here, all the time? OK, sir. Good. One day you mentioned about putting an ad on you. Was it today about your show? You must do that. Only said the charge. You have to go all your show needs to get on nation white. You know what I mean? Everybody got a listen to it. Yeah. You're not talking. I'm not trying to fight up to you. I agree with the man. You're not your target speaking to the guy. Put an ad on the I beg you. Put an ad on the you said to make me hear. So everyone. Make it. We're trying to make it big. But it ain't working for a long time. 560, 560 pound five 60 in the Verizon. Sing it a�. So Greg Weed is leaving at the end of the year. So he tells I inside radio yesterday. Now it's a pretty sad ass commentary. That's why we couldn't find it because it's yesterday's news. And you would think that it would be all over the place. You would think that if Tom Jika. Aha. Here we go. Little Connie. If you were at us about planning stupid phony letters in your Sunday TV book that you're Right six weeks at a time. And if you're really on top of what's happening in radio in the market. See, or how about Barry Jackass. This was Friday morning. And I read both Jim Sari that big get top of crap. I read his column and I read Barry Jackass. And I didn't read anything. Anything about Greg Weed leaving. See, that's what happens very when you don't talk with your buddy anymore. Okay. You're on the out. You don't get to scoop. You don't get to the happy duty news. Nobody cares about that other swill that you're wrote in there about ASPN is doing Nice. And this one. Nobody cares about that. They want to know that Greg Weed may be leaving a market. And for some management opportunities. And I'm sure that all of us have just aching to go right along with him. Aren't we? No. Come on. It's fine to George. Oh yeah. I don't know who might go with him. Oh, he doesn't like him either. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, Neil what's going on. How you doing pal? I've been saying this guy knew he was there already. Very good. I really did. Good. Hey, I'm the guy that called up and said you should replace all bad words with Joyce's name. Yeah. So I just want to call my buddy, Steve, a Joyce hole. Okay. That's it. Okay. Although I was thinking about that right in a long time, is that a pleasant thing? Thanks a lot, pal. That whole Joyce hole thing. The whole Joyce hole. Oh, speaking of that, play can fact that my dismissing from New Jersey lab. I don't want to get you nervous. Oh my God. I just am officials concerned that say public health risk is low. They're feeling mighty low. Okay. Don't get nervous. Unless you want to. I mean, like my mother, she would enjoy stretching about something like this. But of course, she's a dead authorities are investigating the disappearance of me New Jersey bioterror research lab of at least three mice carrying a deadly strain of plane. Oh my God. I like that. Great. Sources say, empty eye agents and bioterrorism experts have interviewed in polygraph employees that the University of Medicine and Ministry of Newark, New Jersey, location of a lab run by the public health research institute, a leading center for research on infectious diseases. The mice have been missing for approximately two weeks. The FBI responded in the matter and we dedicated a great number of agents as well as large number of resources to the investigation, so special agents feed single. Spokesman for the FBI's Newark fear office. It doesn't say whether or not he's related to gulsegul. Or satisfied there's no public safety risk that doesn't seem to be any nexus to criminal activity or terrorism he'd be seeing. Nevertheless, it was a big butt in these stories. Federal authorities, including the FBI, have criticized the land for laks, procedures, and resulted in a potential public health menace. Officials discovered two weeks ago, a failure to account for three of 24 mice that have been injected with a bacterium that causes various forms of the plague, including bubonic plague, inside the high security facility located in the middle of city of Newark. The injections were part of an experiment testing potential treatments for the plague. The discovery that's been missed were missing led to a full investigation by the FBI joint terror task force and ongoing investigation in the land safe guards by the Centers for Disease Control. One employed lab was fired nearly two weeks ago. How do you like that? There are mice out there with bubonic plague, but don't panic. This is new Rogerace. This is 5.62. A. Mr. King, I like to relax my heavy married Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the new Rogerace 12 to 1 hour. We're going to be okay. Well, I started with a violent drop. Let's do it again. Starting the whole process at the giraffe. I wonder where that lung head is. Slearing ball. There's the one on demand. I am the winner. I need to win. Curly Howard. Oh, no. Oh, no. But, still get it. Way to go. Four. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no, no. Fellow two at five six year old, studiant of himself, more Howard David and two at Mad Dog is back today. Thank you, Lord, it's four. We're all going to respect to Curtis and Joe Tegaki. We like Curtis, but Marlon's on deck at seven o'clock. The game of the season so far. I think Josh would agree with that. That's serious. Yeah. Well, you have to take him one at a time. Sure. The biggest series of the season, but the first game tonight, 735 at the stadium. You better get there really early because it's going to be just packed. It's going to be. If that place isn't full, I'm going to wash a little bit of that. Just to make sure if there are any of these seats there, I'm going to be really filming it tomorrow. Monday, I'm going to like, bit you all out. Get ready. Any kid tent, what do you mean by that? You think the stadium is going to be full? You don't think so? I'm talking about all the seats that they open up for baseball, which is quite a few. Yeah. Well, how many? 38,000? I mean, if full capacity, like playoffs? Yeah. Don't open up whatever. I mean, almost the whole stadium. Well, they ought to be able to sell out the whole place. You ought to be 80,000 people there. They'll be like 30 there tonight if already. What? That's not good. No, there'll be more. I guarantee. I'm going to bet you'd raise life on a right now before he goes out in his new endeavor. I'll bet you're a great raise life on it. There'll be a lot more than 30,000. I can say I'm going to be. I'm going to be. But I am. Will you listen to me? Okay. I am saying 37,000 at least. At least 37. Well, now we're not going to go by what they say it is. I'm going to give it the eye because you're going to give it the eye, the even the evil eye. Yeah. I don't get what you say. That Rossi is squeaky. That's spot that we got that trade out spot and see I can knock it as it's a trade out with a team. But by the time that 60 seconds is up, I feel exhausted. Do you know what I mean? I mean, I'm just exhausted from listening to that. At least with Kelly is like, now quick. He drops one of these. Well, those. That's it. Although he's got some spots on there too, but so, and if I wanted to trade out, I'll repel when I stand too. No, seriously. It's just easy. I'm sorry. Maybe a great guy. But he's offy squeaky. So, a dry says if there aren't really 37,000 people in the court, now what's the time that they're doing again tomorrow? What's the deal? That's 605. 605 to our night, which is good because during the daytime, or excuses, you know, I might be a pigeon flying over a diary or something like that. And then on Sunday is a night game, which I'm assuming that's going to be an ESPN game? Yes. 805 Sunday night, so he's at the Marlins third in the final game of the series. The Marlins on Sunday go for the sweep. So I'm assuming that the booster will be doing that game on ESPN. Usually, yes. Well, there you go. Hopefully, I'll have that microphone problem. Fixed number one. Number two, they won't have buck Martinas on there. If buck Martinas is on a game again, boog just to poke him into ribs. Just knock him out of the booth. Do not necessarily, that guy just, I have never talked about getting a headache. He just started any telling stories. But he runs me with weight, hoi, they used to do red games a hundred years ago. He was 100 years old. Back when I was a pitcher, oh, a Johnny bench just hit a ground ball with the second baseman and the second baseman through the first and he's out. And by anyway, back when I was pitching in 37, he always did the game in the past tense. Because he wasn't paying any attention to the game. Kind of like what I'm doing with the show today, you know, but we have big fish to fry. That Greg, now has anybody come in there and anything to say about what? About what? What do you mean about what? This is a big one. Well, of course, no one is saying anything about this. Hey, Doug, what do you think about this? Doug, do fairy. Now, there is one. You won't see him. Hey, by the way, he's hanging out in the tea room right now. He's probably either puke or maybe coming out of both ends right now. He's so nervous. Yes, Saturday is a part of it. Saturday is a one. Saturday is a one twenty game by the way. That was great. You just got to say it was a night game, Mr. Hachat. Well, Mr. Mewley, all the Saturdays are six, oh five. I got to write here. I got to write it right here. I'll let it must be held along Pre-Game show if it's a night game. And Pre-Game starts at 1245. The game is at 120 from our role. Mr. Big Sean. Yeah, I just realized that. And we got that hurricane comes in crap on him. But we got that farmed out to where we got to farmed out to. Doesn't even say on here. On TVD. WTVD. Oh, the hurricanes? Yeah. W I'm powered at he said. Well, how come that's not on my schedule? It's just on to be determined. WTVD. Power 96. Oh, that's the station that grades the managing for 20 years while he's overseeing QAM. Yeah, we're over here. And then after the hurricane game, all that also be carried live on QAM after the Marlon game ends. Well, let's see if the Marlon game is at a 120. And a hurricane game is on at three 30. I say it's a mess. It's a mess. That's another thing that Greg got us into another mess. You know, overlapping, you know, selling, it's just like when he had stern on him, he had the same time. He's famous for that. Well, sure. Miss you, Greg. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. He palm five. Look at the votes on that pulley. Are you shocked or what? I bet that George is like in just belief. I think it's a couple of things. I think it's a couple of things. I think it's a couple of things. Do the president just a few minutes ago that. Can I understand why people understand that the president is a very religious man? Oh, yeah, right. That's why he's got all those people dying over there in Iraq. That's why he let all in dark folks, you know, spend for themselves in Louisiana, Mississippi. Very religious man. See, in fact, you know, something that's what makes him that much more dangerous is that this religious crap because I'm afraid he might actually believe it. 938 votes. 938 is really great. I wanted to tell you all what's 950 now. They're coming in and chunks. Can you believe it? Chunks. Oh, man, here comes another batch. What one word best describes your president, Bozo head. You know, my brow was still aren't here and there's still a lot of fucking. I'm getting a little peo to what one word best describes your deputy. Bush dangerous to a lot of pat myself on the back by the way for doing the detective work. Hmm. All that stuff I did online there and subscribing and then the Josh did like it. You know, a large old job taking the phone number. I gave him and calling and getting the answer right away. But without my a tremendous detective work, I get in time Taylor's number there at inside radio and going through a subscribing weight. It was worth the 40 bucks when it. Okay. What do you tell me all thanks? Well, I mean, we need to know, but there's not much here. What do you mean there's not much there? What else are you going to get? What are you going to get the real story? You're going to get the truth? Well, that would be nice. That maybe his contract is up and they don't want to resign him. Although I don't think because they're obsessed with him. They just, you know, because what do they know? They got Joyce dangerous to a not correct. That's the W. Oh, you just got to think of how many of these words also. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. We could be doing a full on Greg leader. Now all of a sudden they're freeping our poll. They're freeping our poll. I can't believe it. You see what's just happening? I do. No, why don't we get these big chunks where you get in our poll freeped? This must be either those news max, lunatics or free republic. I don't want to be other free, free public. Yeah. That is a hoot. Unqualified one. Oh, wait. A whole 96 moron 94. Lyr 40. But they sure must be insecure. In fact, they got a free from poll on his stupid. I know. Oh, my God. Well, we need to pray. I'll take that. He's got to point on that. Moron 94. Lyr 48. Didn't compute 36. He's both 025. 418. Fees 16. Brilliant 14. Virtua 13. Evil 2 or 12. Dedicated 12. Immacilic 11. Hippocrite 11. Dumbbell 11. Schmuck 10. Putst 10. Set fast 10. Honorable 9. Quizzling. Spell wrong. A very foreign coward only. I bet you if I refer to it again. Instead of going up like a couple of school. Oh, yeah. 963. We're going to win up with 2,000 votes today during the show. They're free. And it leader is moving through the top. 165. Our fearless leader. Oh, you said, sad, right wing maniacs man. You people need mental health. They ought to have to take the astrid home out of the clear. Those people out of there. And they ought to take all these, well, it's not big enough. But that's a start. All these right wing obsessive lunatic. Oh, gee, we better free to pull as if, you know, like somebody's going to believe you, especially on the show. You people are going to be dreaming. Go do something productive. Okay. Go pick you nose with a wire hanger or something. Do something useful. No wire hangers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Go watch some Joan Crawford movies. Pound 5, 60 on a Verizon or a singular wireless line. WQA and Greg Weedline. Hello. Pretty good, pal. How the hot we split the pick. Why not? All those accurate adjectives. Well, it's not easy. How about all the above? Now, it can't be all of you, Bob. Because some of them are very very. All right. All right. You're right. All right. All right. Okay. WQA and hello. Got one for your poll, Neil. Yes, sir. How about murderer? That's got like that. I think that should be on. That's the thought way. You're killing me. Kind of like a subdivision of evil doer. More murder. I think that's. Although butcher, I thought, covered up pretty well. A little more rapid. Sure. WQA and hello. Hey, the eye doing. Okay, pal. Hey, you forgot one of the very best words is reckless. I thought, okay, we're going to say, rectum. Yeah. You know what? Two other things are. One of the things when the hurricane was. Contrary to without an golf, you said something that's funny. It's the never heard you say. She's big. She's wet and she's moving slowly. Yeah. And also Jim, please call me. Okay. You're fairie. He's probably thinking of, uh, really caused me. Right. She is. Our friend of mine was telling me yesterday that he thought I was joking about her. So we tuned it in for about five minutes. I hope he's left his aunt's Joan. Believe it. That's really serious. It is absolutely beyond belief that anybody could be that desperate to put that disgusting, voiceless bitch on the air. Not not to mention the amateur hour approach of all her. I was reading a what here are people reading and troubles. Is there water up to the rooftops? Man, she is just. She is everything that MSNBC is achieved. Tragedy. That's it. That's all. Absolutely. Even with, uh, Lester Holt on there that you still got to know who that is. Who? Lester Holt. Great news guy. Great voice. Yeah. Like complicated, uh, dark guy. A like, uh, like, dark, complicated, like guy. Don't, no. He's great. 12 13 at 5 60 W Q M if you're looking for a high speed internet service. You want one that's fast, reliable and easy to use. In short, you want the best one going. You want the number one high speed internet service provider in America. Comcast high speed internet. It's one hundred percent pure broadband network blows away the competition. With speed up to 15 times faster than DSL light. You can download music, photos, streaming video online games faster than ever before. Simply put, Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around. And with features like the fan, video email, security manager and radio plus and even more intense than ever before. And right now, you can give Comcast high speed internet for just 9 95 a month for the first two months. Yeah, I've got to duck his feeling as pants. Call 1 800 Comcast and get the number one high speed internet service in the country today. Certain restrictions apply call for details for free. 1 800 Comcast. This is new rubbish. This is 5 60 Q A. 5 a. You best dude. I'm dying of it here. Don't lie. Oh, the heart burn. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Every time I see. Don't go. Don't go. Every time I see. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. He's brother to the school. Repel the impossible. And in our kingdom of India. I don't go. I say, oh, what? I want to never know. He's here. He's older than four years. With president's up. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, what I do? Now I'm both close-mode. And get to we go hold it more. Oh, what? Here's your one best. I'm without a man. Oh, this brother is stupid. Don't go. Don't go. This brother is rich here. Don't go. He's even. No more than me. But keep it easy. He's president's up. You're don't care what it is. You got to be a bad person. I'm not a bad person. You will die without a man. Who is that as great as me? Oh, my God. With president's up. Practing calling would pass it in the obvious. I'll be talking about the kindness. Passes. All right. Let's sit down there right away. Fashes. Fashista, maybe. Robes with Batista. Fashista. Thank you, Frank and Hollywood. Also, what about damagement? You order? Well, why not? We got it on a song. What's wrong with damagement? Do it. Look at it. And all of a sudden, as soon as I discovered, I just checked we were public. And I don't know if they're free. And maybe it's from somewhere else. Because I can't find it. I'm here. But we got to 165 and I leave your thing. All of a sudden, like 100 votes popped up on there. I don't know where. And now it's 166. So as soon as I said on the air, all of our BG for Scrippers, we got the freepers. I'll be stopped. But look at how many votes we got, Josh. How many? 1000. How do you like that? Got 104. 1000 and 4. They're coming in and chunks. Leader, though, is still a 166. The rest of you want to vote all the negative for everyone. You better hop out of the pile on. Because this is a very important pool. We're going to be facing copies of this. Delete is all around the rest of the world. Anybody believe me? No, I just made it up. Hey, join QAmen. My name is Hits. You don't have his hazard today. And when you go over there and see you don't have to say, what kind of a name is add? Two to four for the grand opening of the Verizon Wireless. At 100 South Escape in Boulevard and downtown my house. The Verizon Wireless at 100 South Escape in Boulevard and downtown my name is stop by to win prizes. And you are free food from Atlantic City subs. In fact, when you go over in the tap on a slate, you don't have us. We had AC subs today. Yes. We really really really really really really. So much to Atlantic City subs where our are used to make the difference. And now who's there? Jason Jason. Thank you, Jason. That's not Jason Salakkin. Is it who got Candace PD or Quitter? What actually happened with that deal? Do we know about that? Across the street at that other station that we definitely, desperately don't want to listen to that. For sure. But what happened over there? I don't know. Not you. Josh has posted. I think it happened yesterday. Yeah. I thought it was something with like peeing in a mountain do. Well, he peeing in, no no, that was your rose peeing in Danlebass. What do you mean? You might get your pears straight in out there, Mr. That's a big circle over there. Yeah. I'm thinking mountain doodood in it is what I heard. I just asked Nathan, he'll tell you there's nothing worse than mountain doodood. Which he had a little problem there. 560, 505, 60 pound, 50 on the Verizon and singular wireless line. Like I said, cloudy, murky. Supposed to rain like hell here all day today. Like 45 millimeters is a lot. That's a lot of rain. I don't think it's even raining. I'll try to see through my curtains. I would tell you. Do you really care? No. It's just murky. It's not one of our finer days. As opposed to tomorrow, which I'm sure tomorrow's going to be just Fires sunny in 23. That's 70 degrees tomorrow. 75 on Sunday. You see? We have one of these up bad days. As opposed to someplace that would have like 90 out of 100 days or like real hot and surly and big mosquitoes and thunderstorms and hurricane stuff like that. Not to mention a place specific. Everybody know I'm not coming for the opening game for that kind of call before the comedian. How's those panther tickets coming by the way, my friends in the organization? Now that I've been sitting here, Schillen, for you and tell you what a great job that my keen and did. What you did, they got a nice team going. They're going to win that division this year. They're going to kick some ass. They're going to be heard from. But not for the reasons everybody else was saying about while all the youngsters in the organization, they got some good young players, but now they got some veteran players on their can put the biscuit in the basket. A biscuit a test kid, stick your biscuit in my basket. That's what it's all about. I bet you're friend Mike Lang is all excited in Pittsburgh too. They got Sydney, Crosby and Bing Crosby. Looks like the penguin is selling tickets hand over limp wrist over Bill Frist. So maybe a little excitement. Maybe some hockey talk this year. What do you say? Not on this show. Welcome. Have it a QA in. Hello. Hockey Central. Hello. Hello. Hey, can't do it. He's not up to it. WQA in. Hello. WQA in. Can I have a great job? Ha ha. Here's the guy. Oh man. That's not going to take long to fill those shoes. Prozac run. That's the guy. You know what? He demand. He ends are willing to accept the officials understand that they have to clamp down. Scolition. Not a grumbling. Go well. They're all going to be at least lunch going on here. Looks like they're all sitting out in a rain or something. You know what? Tell them about the weather. You want to be like a Rob Marcie. WQA in. Hello. Pretty good. And this a. Listen, I need to ask you something. The song you just played. You beat something. I didn't understand that part. In second. You need to. You can say the topic. So we could be all left up to something. No. 567. 560. Palm Piao. The other dolphin. Go. I'll rev up for Sunday. Oh, give me a break. What do you mean? Yeah, let's play the bleep song the bleep and dolphins I'm just fascinated by the way these votes are and now is it leader? Not that they slow down. I think going to other and now somebody other words that they're choosing because they're obviously Let's see Vrient 15 not there they only they only went to leader. They don't want to get too carried away I mean they had several other good choices on there if they want to like pat him on the back and say good job Mozo, but bring it only 15 even those people don't want to you know Because they'll burn in hell if they click on that steadfast over the 11 honorable nine Don't have any for recluse yet passes one real quick. Yeah, faster took over zooming up there my bad We should have put down a red in the beginning. Do you want to go in? Yeah, sir. Good afternoon Don't Why don't the staginegornio That's what they're saying on each freeze at more and drag Loat together. Okay, you know Don't they have razzic go back the other way from dollars? I'm not talking about no leans you know I'm talking about your people will see it down there at the Sit down the dock at the bay. Okay. We'll see you in Del Rey. We'll give you own little rubber your inner tube and have a great life line nine WQAM hello 2 AM That's bad. That's unfortunate somebody long distance from way along distance so they probably if salani. Oh well WQAM hello Yes, sir. It don't have the you have me selling a video or DVD or something to for the He made the side. No Sorry, I thought I heard that already Well, we talked about it, but I'm just gonna take too long too many dead on it. It wasn't a meantime It'll just send some money. That's the McCarty has got it. Yeah, Matt in the kind he's doing it. He's doing this to find job So you can go online if you really want to give you even find 8,000 legitimate different places You go for the animals the people the whoever just a beautiful thing. All look at 23 and sunny and the 20 75 on Sunday Monday, 77 77 W ABC on Monday. Look at that beautiful degrees cousin Brucey didn't do too good on the forecast that after that That's why feels so good today. What a jackass he is who cousin Brucey Bruce Moro You weren't there was that before your time that they say him in there. Yeah. Oh, man. He hate me He did my show. What language? This is disgusting. What kind of radio is there? So I'm just I'll read you deliver And then I think I made a cost of coming or two about his hairpiece. They're at what I want to have learned man You taught me don't ever knock a guy. So do do do do do do he hairpiece. They get really pissed off about that I had no idea either or they're checkered pants. How many Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, yeah, sir I missed the last hour soap, but I'm torn between fear of longer than warm on there warm on Here's good Right, okay, so you're both good. Fear of longer and more longer in all these things This is new Rutgers this is 516 Like not for the posting Like Hey I feel so mad that I can't refrain all my messo with a magic or just a pair of lips. But don't bring home, no, let's go with a magic or a man. Don't stop me up, don't pull me down, don't pull me down. I could have fun knocking him just in ground with my hands and ground with my eyes. Let's go beat up, man. Jagger, peace on little, fly me, maggot. Let's go beat up, man. Jagger now! Props 3327-1560WM. It's a humongous weekend, man. You got to fill in Marlon series. You got that big hurricane game against Clemson. That'd be bad if they'd lost to them again. Wouldn't it be really bad? And then of course you got to dolphins in the jet. You see the giants in the jet are going to build a state in the metal lanes? Okay, guys. I did not see that, but... Well, now you just treat it by them. That's right. We're going to get together and build a state instead of not for sure. There won't be any real New York team in the NFL, but we'll be new jersey teams. 5, 6, 7. I'm just not going to read a whole lot of these stories because Miguel is right. Why should I work so hard and just, you know, ruin my tongue. Yeah, work sucks. I agree with that. Especially that Greg isn't there to be there. We know just screw off now because he such a tough task mask here. You know what? Greg Reed is leaving a case you missed a big story from inside radio. Of course if we were real radio station, we'd have a subscription inside radio right there in the building. You used to have a LID. Remember those days? I do. No matter what that was going on. We, uh, oh inside radio, Tom, uh, what is the name, uh, Taylor Taylor Taylor? They wrote about, uh, what are N, and we'd have it there and they'd have it in your hand. Here it is. A better chance you might have it in your back though. You could wipe with it. You're just not going to get it to Q and because it's, uh, you know, it's got what does have to do with sports? Right. Well it's facing. I don't see anything about sports in this damn column here. So who'd have these you, Tom? W to Q and M, hello. Yeah, for, uh, to describe our current president, anti-Christ. I like that. It does have a hyphen in it, but it's one word. Anti-Christ. Remember that? Uh-huh. Anti-Christ. Back when surprised me if there's a three sixes on a back of his head somewhere, I'm assuming better take a look, give me a little shave, take a look. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty and a Verizon either. And, in fact, yes, they were talking about Omen, uh, two or is that the day before? The day before? I was, you know, because I was there. You were there, right? Who the hell did that show? Was that Walter Karnkeye? You were there. I'm sure Boca Brian will recall. W to Q, M, hello. Uh, Greg is going to run out of torties out of my heart. Yeah, good. Uh-huh. Who knows? W to Q, M, hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Is that you? That's how you got a couple of field quarters? Yeah. I don't know if anybody's ever said this one. I think they'll call it crap. What is it? How much? Yeah, I'm smitten. How about, um, uh, I'm smitten. Yeah, how about to have a nice life? Yeah, you're like, oh, these calls. Take some more. Hey, and I see there you go again. You're the Ojo on Provocator. You're the one who kind of like, stirs up the crap. Oh, we like to read you all those stories. I know. I do. We go and send, uh, you do. He said, first he lied and said you didn't. Then he said that you do that. He wouldn't. He had big arguments about it. First of all, he got to do with the show anyway. He didn't say 50 words in there when you were at your state and say 50 words. And of course, that's fine because we were talking about Cuba. He had absolutely nothing brought nothing to the table, which was just okay. We didn't, uh, you know, we could look at it. 560, 560, pound 560, and he Verizon, Singular Wireless Line. Phone's maybe pretty weak, but take a look at those calls at those votes. My God. 556 as in Q 56. Is that appropriate or what? Very. And I'm curious whether it's, I guess it just kind of motivate when people got pissed off and they said that there was some creeping going on and that leader got about 100 phony votes and went from 65 or about 165. Now it's only got 171. But it's still interrupted. There are people creeping this poll. They do. And of course, what they don't realize is that at the end of the day, some people like to say at the end of the day, I can just send email to Eric or just send a message on. And if we want to, we can just make all those disappear. Yeah. We can disappear. Wouldn't that be a kick in the T-Vac? Oh, we got to freak this poll. This is going to have a tremendous impact. We can also add votes to anything we wanted. Yeah, we can do whatever it is. We want to. We're going to like 40,000 votes on the roll. Okay. They're all against them. We can regulate them almost as well as the Republicans. And he liked that. The only problem is the ones that they wear, the ones that count. Nobody can weigh in. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a very lost question for you. Yeah. What facility is the plan? I got a whole bunch of them. They're about rest. I'm in the disaster. Why? I've heard of Mac. Mac. A-X-D. Oh, X. Let me ask you about it. Yeah, I've heard of it. Yeah, I've seen it. Okay. How much you start to use? You know, because I feel like a monster myself with a shampoo. You know what I'm saying? No way you're saying. I'm going to be a monster. Bye. Bye. Oh, oh. You see, you have to know that anyone who've been friends with your fat, tub of garbage back there in sales with fat boy has to be a mental defective. Has to have some very, very serious problems. There's no doubt. Yeah. I would take a whole bottle of body wash and just stick a whole thing on open right in your rectum. Yeah, I'm sure there's plenty of room. 560, 505, 60, pound 560, the Verizon singular wireless lines. How many QA and 5-4 radio? How up? Not there. QA and hello. I need a job. Yeah, okay. How many QA and hello? Hey, how you doing? Still doing the pole? Yeah. How about that air? And I got another one. How about Joker? I'm going back to my stories. Oh, don't do that. I'm a galsphool of crap. You know, I see. Yeah, it's a very sad commentary, but it's quite, you know, it should tell you something about his IQ. Is he a good guy, but he's done more than saw to us. It's just the way it is. But no, it's a lot of work. It's hard work. Yes. Tell me what you got to do. It's hard work. I rolled up the game yesterday. Did you see the sleep? That whole thing about Greg Reed, getting canned. I mean, leaving it to the end of the year, that is quite a story. You know, and of course we could put any spit out we won. I did definitely to come in there or was that on a tape? No, that's committed. Oh, so he's the one that said no comment. He said he doesn't. He said he thinks it's BS, but he didn't say BS. Really? I think Greg's just playing with the beards. Okay. He pulled us the last time, threatened to leave. Oh, he's, and yeah, this is just another game. You know, why can't you act like a real man? Okay, I know it would take a hell of a lot of effort on your part. Why can't you just go over there drive, driving your big company pay off of a beal. And go over to Naples and sit down and look at the beeslies in the eyes and sit down and put joystone in the middle of the table. Give her an airplane spin. And they cut the crap. You know? I thought that to do that. Yeah. Put her into a perpetual airplane spin. Whenever going out or space. Hey, Joyce, we hate to like poison bitch, but nevertheless, the chase keep wearing us all we care about. We're going to make, uh, I think we might break in a post alien record for votes during the show today. We're definitely going, we might like do 1200. And some of them might even be for real. This, facing Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. Oh shit, north, the city of New Orleans, yes, some of the people down there say he failed. I'll have the national guard buzz in Iraq. He's huts funding for their levies. Looters called saying, Panarchy. In a roof, though we made a bigger deal. Inserts for Natalie all the way. One white girl we trained the way. A name and ask for help from the name he seems. I'm tired of her. George Bush, but vacation name is Crawford through. I guess that's your delbino, Marty Brown. Girls on wild knees, the city of New Orleans. For the half-james in their film through the floor with a... Well, my God. Coffordy 7. They're going to have Marty Brown extra February. By that time we're going to be going to be going to be... But talkie Doris. You're sad when you're that drug-coop and notice, you know, a few cards. Yeah, that's exactly right. Possibly, you know, that part of town, French Quarter, was not part of that fan. That's right. So there's a little bit of mold and mild you. People from Florida use the mold and mild you anyway. Speaking of a people from Florida, a man injured in the roadside fight with former Dawson's Linebacker Steve Toul, where's that towel? She didn't had a towel, I guess. A remains sedated and on a hospital ventilator. Rudy Babitt, 49, has been hospitalized with brain injury since September 7. There's mother Gladys told a Kansas City star. He's undergone two brain surgery since then. We're there to pray for him, Gladys Babitt, said he'll make it but it'll take a long, long time. Prosecutors alleged that Toul 51 hit Babitt in a head and knocked him down, and he's been sent to the independent's man's head to hit the pavement. Police have said that Babitt, retired Liberty Municipal, Worker and Toul played six seasons with the dolphins after he's trying for Kansas City, early in the 70s, or Kansas rather. Stuffled me aside a highway and independent sector of Toul could bat it off in traffic. Babitt is five foot six in ways 180 pounds. Toul, who still holds it off in single-season tackle record, is six foot three in ways 300 pounds. You got that picture in your mind? I'm trying to. Toul, who lives in the Kansas City suburb of Lee Summit, is charged with one kind of value assault. He's free on Bonn and his next court dates at Fracto Bernayine. Babitt's sister Dora said, if he remembers word, I agree at Toul. I'm not going to help my brother be angry. She said we're just asking for a lot of prayers. Oh, I'll pay it a Lord, okay? We're praying at Lord. Well, the Lord missed those people that drowned in the in-o-norlands and Mrs. Sippy, but we're praying anyway. I just can't stand it. I just can't stand the m-w-a-t-t. I just want to be dumb, but the religious thums, they're dumber than just plain dumb. They're just there in a special category. They're like, look at the, look at them like that. Hocus-pocus dumb, you know. Like the people at the woodbind, it's, you know, rubbed their hands over the glass. You know, they're doing a hocus-pocus. Oh, I just sit there and bite my tongue. You know, I just, I'm just a little bit of my own business. Oh, they're rubbing the glass in there. Oh, stop already with a hoax-pocus, okay? Enough already. This time we should go into it with a chicken and like, dribbled a blood all over the slot machine. Then I work. I'm going to tell you the most superstitious people I've ever seen are people from India. I was talking to some people out there about that and come to find out I'm right. Everything has got like a hocus-pocus-magic-wow. I mean, wow, wow, wow. Not to mention, of course, the career role model. Not to mention, that's what I'm finding in the people out there. I'm sure I'll meet some somebody. Guess what? I'm making right now by the way, I got my flavor wave oven going. They're butt-worst. I'm making a brought worst. Well, the new ones haven't got here yet. They're on the truck. The HLS still poppsking around. Boy, do I? What? I don't want to go into my feeling about the HLS. I'll ever be a sponsor on this station. Not now they won't. Oh, seriously, they just make my stomach twist. They just, since they bought out, what do they used to be? Ah, geez. Airborne Express. And I never have any problem with Airborne Express. Everything was sure up here, just fine. And of course, UPS is great. And FedEx is the best FedEx is sensational. Paul Cragman writes, not the new deal. See, I'm going into my pile of stuff now, because obviously the audiences out of material. And a call suck. And I'm not going to sit here by the Miguel Xivina. I'm especially by the time Jikula Xivina. Time Jikula doesn't realize that Greg Weed is pretending to be leaving at the end of the year. See, if time Jikula was doing his job, he'd be on the phone with Greg right now. In fact, he'd be having sushi with Greg right now, getting out of the real story behind the story. If he was a real journalist. I guess they let the journalist all go over there to the other station across the street. And he said, there's Mountain Dew. You don't believe that, dear. Well, no, we had the rumor was that Joe was getting suspended again over there. He had some kind of a big role that will have mastered. Okay. I can understand that. Which probably means he's on the outs with the booster, too, because the booster in the Bancera is tight as a snare drum, those two. And I've started to wonder about it. Paul Cragman writes, not the new deal. Now, it begins America's biggest relief and recovery program since the new deal. And the Oman's arts good. It's a given that the Bush administration, which tried to turn Iraq into a laboratory for conservative economic policies, will try the same thing on the Gulf Coast. The Heritage Foundation, which has surely been helping Carl Robe develop the administration's recovery plan, has already published a manifesto on post-Catrina policy. It calls for waivers on environmental rules, the elimination of capital gains taxes, and the private ownership of public school buildings in the disaster areas. And if any of the people killed by Katrina, most of them poor, and net worth more than $1.5 million, Heritage wants to exempt their errors from the estate tax. Still, even conservatives admit that deregulation, tax cuts and privatization won't be enough. Recovery will require a lot of federal spending. And aside from the effect on the deficit, we're about to see the spectacle of tax cuts in face of both a war and a huge reconstruction effort. This raises another question. How can discretionary government spending take place on a net scale without creating equally large-scale corruption? It's possible to spend large sums honestly as Franklin D. Roosevelt showed in the 30s, FDR presided over the huge expansion of federal spending, including a lot of discretionary spending by the workers' progress of administration of WPA. Yet the image of public relief widely regarded as corrupt before the New Deal actually improved market-ly. How did that happen? The answer is that the New Deal made almost a fetish out of policing its own programs against potential corruption. In particular, FDR created a powerful division of progress investigation to look into complaints of mal-feasement in the WPA. That division proved so effective that later congressional investigation couldn't find a single serious irregularity ahead missed. This commitment to honest government wasn't a sign of Roosevelt's personal virtue, and reflected a political imperative. FDR's mission office was to show that government activism works to maintain that mission credibility. He needed keyfism administration's record clean. The George W. Bush isn't FDR, indeed, in crucial respects he's the anti-FDR. President Bush subscribed to a political philosophy that opposes government activism. That's why he's tried to downsize and privatize programs wherever he can. He still hopes to privatize social security after he has biggest legacy. So even as policy figures don't bother his strongest supporters, many conservatives view the NF response to Katrina as an indication of their lack of faith in government rather than as a reason to reconsider their faith in Mr. Bush. And to think the Bush administration, which has no stake in showing that good government is possible, has been a versatile investigating itself. On the contrary, it's consistently stone-walled corruption investigations and punished its own investigators if they tried to do their jobs. That's why Mr. Bush has promised last night that in a halibut team of inspectors general reviewing all expenditures rings hollow. Whoever these inspectors general are, they'll be mindful of the fate of bunting greenhouse of how they regarded auditor at the Army Corps of Engineers who suddenly got poor performance reviews after she raised questions about how a Burton's contracts in Iraq she was demoted late last month. Turning the funds over to state and local governments isn't the answer, either. FDR actually made a point of taking control away from local politicians, then is now safe and it's a big role in local politics. And our sympathy for the people of Mr. Sipian, the Louisiana, shouldn't lie to us to the realities of their state's political cultures. Last year, the newsletter corporate crime reporter ranked the states recorded a number of federal public corruption convictions for a capital. Mr. Sipian and the first and Louisiana came in third. Is there any way Mr. Bush could ensure an honest recovery program? Yes, he could insulate decisions about reconstructions spending from politics by placing them and the hands of an autonomous agency headed by political independent or if no such person can be found a Democrat as a son of good faith. He didn't do that last night and probably won't. There's every reason to believe that reconstructments of the Gulf Coast like the field reconstructs of Iraq will be deeply marked by colonialism and corruption. How do you like that? He may not be good, but at least he is consistent. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I'll say. I wonder if that guy's still on a ventilator that Rick Stains has said, Oh, that's where that guy died. I forgot. Sorry, that's bad. Pick an on poor Ricky Tiki. They had Ricky Tiki on last night on CNN out there in the middle of the storm and I was hoping he'd get like that way. Sorry, I missed it. Oh, God, it wouldn't have been great. Maybe he just maybe the storm will lift him up and just take him back to Cuba. And he could have a happy meal with Amy on and the Gonsimish Fucha. And the Avolas can show it to him. Let's see. It's a 1125 votes. Now is this the free factor or what? We've heard of the O'Reilly factor. We've got the free factor when our full today. Put in the dead body. This is not the adem. Huh? Put in the dead without him. No, but this just goes to show you how desperate they're getting now. The fact that there is anybody out there who feels that either free from pull on George W. Boych, especially I'm to show where most of us hate him like poison. Well, you know, they would. They'll change our mind. Oh, and that's why I think I'm going to turn this around. Yeah, they're going to turn something around, all right? Right, though. Tim and Donna, who the hell are they? Who the hell are you? Who the hell are you? I'm not going to say a day before I see a day before I see a day before I go to play three days for last time. You surprised me thoroughly this time. I have no idea who those people are. What's the one best word described George W. Boych dangerous 244 leader 172 of which 100 of those at least are fake more than that? Lot more than that. Unqualified 128, a whole 112, more on 111, Lyr 58, nincom poop 41, Bozo 28, full 19, can a Bozo of also be a smirking chip? Either they were 18, thief 18, plus 16, a plus, hypocrite 16, dumbish mid 15. That's moving up fast. Brilliant 15, in Basilic 14, butcher 14, dumb bell 13, dedicated 12, schmuck 11, steadfast 11, honorable 10, only 10, quizlings fell for a musingly wrong eight, murderer seven, murderer, fashes for, ferry for, hey, W, do fairy, coward for, anti-christ to and none yet for fear, longer, warm longer or just plain reckless. This is New Rogers. This is 516, 218. We have a stock, no doubt. When I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the women with painted lips around the pole. I listen to the New Rogers one to two of us. I mean, I listen to the New Rogers iron balance one to two hours. What a fool of a fool of a fool of a fool. Come and do it, my brother, you want to win. And for good. I'm not a fool of a fool of a fool of a fool of a fool. I am he has a dolphin silver worth, football team, there every gambler's night there, there every book needs to be smooth. Make dance for him, touch down, not even one field goal. And when you say my ammy, you're still talking to a little bit there. I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, somber, come and he seems in the lead, 32. I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, don't bet on them, you'll always lose. But dolphins can't beat anyone can't even beat the spread. I wish that Vince Lombardi would come back from the dead. Nick Saden makes some practice while he wears that scooped head. They'll end up like their last head coach at loser day one set. And there's a I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, somber, come and he seems in the lead, 32. I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I miss that shoe a how about you. Some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal stripes. They're tied and likes to work out by beating up this white. At the team are criminals, the other have sun drugs. And this is what will happen when you draft up on your fugs. And there's a I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, somber, come and he seems in the lead, 32. I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, They really are a mommy cruise. But dolphins have no blocking, they've got no passing games, I've got just one suggestion, they ought to change their name. Do the I am he tampons and why do such a thing, They're good for just one theory is in half no seconds string I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, somber, How many teams in the lead, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I can't defend, he's getting to fool me. But dolphins have no ball, except all ones they're playing with, I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it. It doesn't matter if he never has another choice, It seems that this team's playoff dreams have all gone up this hook, And there's a I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, somber, come and help, 42, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, I am he dolphin, now they're free. So speaking to be in true and what is brought, We're really is great, that playaway boy, it's just the easiest, It's like a piece of cake, it's at four times a week at least. Mmm, I use my every day of my life, every game, see the long constant's at even on a year, Yeah, to the right, not just in the mood for this now, you know, Beats, food calls, no, are you crazy? Yes, is that it? Yes, it is, is that it? W 2 A n, hello, C. Who can you say that? Sorry, I'm sorry, I was wrong, man, you are just, We're just, you weren't there yesterday, that's right. Oh, and yesterday speaking of that, I know I had something very important to pass along. What you missed is we find up, and let's play that George Cousin, He was new to defend himself yesterday, even though we had nothing to do with him. Eric was the problem, although Eric has read him himself a big time, But the website, one of the reasons we work in a new way is much response especially the votes under pull is because the poll you had like uh... you know you had a fish for it you had to like a school down about eight five hundred miles to get to it and a lot of people just there might be bothered with that i don't blame him and try to get up before the show yesterday and said that you think we ought to move that and i said you move this yeah my idea to put it out of the bottom of the page i didn't okay so i said we judge his idea no is a right well is a right he can handle it he just a big amount of crap when you wait that much of sure he does but at any rate of uh... so he moved to pull right up to the top of the longs and then the people can scroll the poll in fact let me take a few could are fine the home page right now there it is right now that nation by phone number that gets so much use not and then there's the news stories for people that i could larger than their thumb or people who want to hear that device present got told to go if and so and what whatever or see the president and it's still out there by the way the president writing the note i need to go take a wicked something and there's a couple of cartoons and then the stories from the previous day and then all of the cute stuff including uh... uh... dragon mo doesn't he know i'll present it at your supposed to take one of those little bags with you when you go to the you uh... he should go to raises hand you know when you think yeah all mr. president we're not voting anything right now what's not about i just got to go man being the most lap of course is down here too let's see somebody was tell me they got uh... three hundred and twenty miles an hour well well is it is there like a limit i wonder what the record is i don't know it's a bit of a side of the hand is you don't have a contrast on that and i'm waiting for the hand there he was to work out oh i did oh i was bad while i want to knock over my soda that would be worse kind of like a a limpristed the area goes only only sixty miles an hour that's like a child's play but i'd rather do that than i go over my club soda so anyway i mean you're my proud worst tremendously we're going to take a lot of calls this hour see another week first full week back after that uh... summer schedule and who now wants to be off three days a week anyway while i'll find days a week what kind of crap is that crap no it's not it's great it was fantastic this is such a such a life change i can even begin to find a word to describe it not good w q a m low two a m hello yes man well lady oh my god i've heard one in days that's a little even how you doing i'm doing fine now are you i'm great i actually wanted to let you know that on Wednesday if you google the word sale here right where does my own what come up what what came up you're w's biography came up well be damned yep just wanted to pass that along someone emailed me because i know my fondness for d or w uh... i thought it was very funny that uh... google that you know something we got to put that word on the apple now failure yeah failure and it's uh... biocams up how great is that it's perfect thanks a lot to the art failure that could be a great see that's one thing regular you must have the morning is screwed up the whole radio station you like uh... later lives means we're not always brought in all those irresponsible shows got to stations find it even and dollars and we don't you know we're operating without a license we're in limbo and i just believe that that's always the way to do it well i did my thing you know wait yeah and leave all the rest of us holding the sack leave the beesley's hold on all that crap that you put on here i'll i'm sure they were up to that uh... up to their armpits and that too you know the steering stuff yeah i'm a stick about that what was their idea was told really yes it was their idea that was also their idea it's not to pay a house of that they pissed him off and that was the last i heard about getting serious probably yeah and then of course all i forgot to mention on the air i told you off the air about my call from jocustelo and i want to create an impromence for him but if i do it might prevent impromere calling me again but come to find out the reason that xm has no interest in me were the show is because uh... their audience they considered primarily to be red next that's why they have the nascar stuff on truck drivers that's the nascar and that's their target audience that's why they just sign up the nh show i guess they shouldn't have only red next bottle hockey which to be honest with your red next don't like hockey and we can get it keep on troke to complicated for them so anyway unless you're a red deck don't get xm that's that's their message wqa m hello they'll got yes sir good job as men when is to you a uh... uh... and it's a good independence day by the way sorry to again it's Mexican independence day on a one of the Mexican consulate that was closed next to where i eat they uh... it was open no and the water not a little bit more they're all a taco schmaco all right yeah i would on their king of wilder they uh... during the storm anderson kuper that i can't even say the name on the word on your show he works in kuper since we did a pooper yeah oh yeah uh... he uh... did his thing where they actually had people calling up the the lary king show live on tv and saying you know hey uh... in this one moment call it a sound looking for my brother can you please help him he's stuck in an attic you know where he is and but i thought this was during the storm and there's a well man we can't help you eat it so this hard and i can't get so difficult out here i don't know what to do so they they dumped the lady and the governor the woman uh... screens real quick no no get that well back just give us the address room we'll send them people over there and it was obviously had had on their face and lary king then try to get it all go and but it was all i don't want to do so history you know you need to be here to be right on tv and it's not he in my he's like a mail read across me was slightly better voice uh... he's a joys himself okay well such a good deal he likes it now okay happy socus happy socus and chervouis and tissue all these other things okay what do you think go about it after one look at the uh... just storm intensive ten to thirteen inches of rain knocked out parodettes in the carolinas that's why jord so obviously had a go up in the carolinas right and they got that manual hatches and hatches show love nothing could be fine of the bullway carolinas he's been actually got us with us after a while you guys batting all the Christians you know he oh our david's a bitch if you can't stand you go show this take him out if you can't stand you show this take him out if you will when the swallowing up i'm afraid we'll have to kill you and we'll ever go to the field you have to take him out so down you drive to fast as there's a car on my ass just pull me all along the road looking for fun so into the bees tell them to hurt the house and go in you wrote the sick get that out more than a scratch and notice my eyes were classy thanks to god and was walking to bees i mean a big glass of milk and chocolate and cookies told out and tell me and where the sweet bread my lord you guys take up a defense so it's a big nose broken by the busiest morning and they're most suspended for six years in the building great week tells the inside radio he's leaving at the end of the year after twenty years with the beesleys he's going to pursue ownership he's going to invite by his own station exon yeah and of course does he's full of crap that this is just this is just posturing just right like a whole the you know unlike book camper which we went a little ball him that's what uh... jewel fibers and this is maybe that's where he got the inspiration from a dead voice well you got from your old fine bird over the other station about the show about can book camper because we don't want to hire him and we almost it over pay like you do with hankin mad dog hey draw a fine bird you're a jackass man and hope you really have a good time making back that four and a half million dollars a year on a team that really couldn't sell after opening home game who are you can and then but davis elusive like that is endorsing the dolphins on air if i would have like to forfeit the game right now just avoid any more injuries looks diverse boy boy he is he got done written all over his face jasha what which thay was he like one step away from uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... terry boudin terry boudin uh... he could not possibly if i'm about as really as daddy i don't know how they made them it certainly wasn't the traditional way will just leave it to your imagination of it when i do have that story about the sheep paper right you were tay is to a never got to it lost cousin the golden mommy we know these stories and so my pile although something good to be said about that yeah because when you go don't get through your whole pop here you go Croatian has launched the new reality show on the internet starring sheep instead of people i've actually found a check in that one out uh... he always looked at a sheepish to me what a yahu man just driven with seven stupidity the winner of the ten day stado heard show that stado is heard the ten day heard show which closes September 17 which sounds like tomorrow to me will receive poetry in its own instead of money those voted out of the seven member heard might be eaten the uh... daily newspaper for something rather a report yesterday the show could be followed twenty four hours a day on wwwww dot stado stado ado dot org where visitors can see how the sheep feed and interact with each other then they can choose which sheep to vote out this is great the show due anger from human rights groups who important animal abuse to local veterinary inspectors or it probably those stupid ask pita people again looked out i'm not an insensitive bastard who abuses animals we call the vet for the sheep that were in poor shape organizer senisa levorovitz told the daily he said the aim of the project was to show that more and more people as far to those and take part in the alleys shows are made to look like sheep in a recitation i think it's got a great concept say little sarcasm there i don't know if i chose a sheep well we'll probably be vaman ira so that we can just make sure they go to that no more we're going over twelve hundred votes on the poll either i don't get it twelve or four all the way even if you take out the hundred fifty phony votes the three votes on leader uh... we still got one hell of a number of it maybe we should call up news max and uh... what's that other one and see if they can if you don't want to come see if they could even more and i think that there if they're if they're a bit it's uh... i think it's uh... some other who knows probably it's Jim shardney at the sun sent me trying to get even with us and by the way he jim what was the final result of that poll on rich walls uh... jack walls maybe rich walls are wake up and final words is hidden as bad one of these they think that's the right time or maybe we'll just send his ass to cartoon as a good idea a rich less phased baby you ain't got it you know some people got it you ain't got it your pathetic even joshes on it but oh no was who was it always hanged the other morning just trashed him and ask i couldn't believe it because you know how hankers you just so kind of like uh... cast remel toasty with all the people in his sports fraternity yeah i guess rich walls and put in town long enough to be part of that group and probably won't be either let me just say this to the marlins man you made a bad bad mistake when you hard to write it was like uh... unplayed it was kind of like the brownie he was like a michael brown of uh... baseball broadcasting that's what joshes now you have to use you probably see them all the time notes yeah i see a lot yeah he doesn't he doesn't make any comment this back that i'm ripping him and ask yeah i don't know if he knows that i'm on your show on other is he isn't okay so if rich walls is listed right now josh courtes is the guy he's with a funky for a day of uh... vann horn and rocksy up there on the radio broadcast on the homie's so when you see him next time say how come you told that the robbers guide out all these terrible things about me i'll get a lot of those new writers show staff t-shirts that he can yeah now we got a whole stack of those and there's a razzid a do there yeah of course you got fifty bucks they might say you want i still can't get over that and i tell people that all the time as long as i live i'll never believe because at any other station i had where we had a promotion materials like i would be you know everybody on the staff you know they got t-shirts with a station call and they got caps or what uh... now we they were promotional items here and of course we didn't even have many why don't think though but here about four five years ago one time uh... the memo comes out of your like a w q m t-shirt or cap for only uh... nine ninety five plus the tax and we can't have a little uh... whatever uh... you know go to the promotion department you can buy one the polo shirts worth thirty dollars thirty dollars i'll turn it man only that can i would have advertised to the public that you work in this horseball place right you gotta be kidding me and we're said to go over to bay i'll tell you something else that's not going over when some corners some quarters and ever by the vanic in to look for evidence of homosexuality and cantalix seven hours is alarming gay rights advocates but is pleasing conservatives who are hoping that the pope the new Nazi pope will soon issue a ban on gay men as future priests i'm hoping for that too because that will be into the cantalix sure sure you'll throw up on sunday there won't be nobody there by the way how do they test for that well if you listen the plan search for a c-work there yesterday when the uh... first story on this the plan search for homosexuality is part of a Vatican review prompted by the thirty sexual abuse crisis up to a hundred and twenty nine american seminary theology schools and other institutions that train priests it is said to begin this month do they use the dividing rod oh yeah i can't tell you where they stick it back home the chairman of the Boston College theology department the veteran can't find sharply criticized the review yesterday saying that if the bishops really want to understand what caused the sexual abuse crisis they should investigate their own orifices oh yeah but really created the sexual abuse crisis was not poor formation of priest in the seminaries but poor personnel management in the chance to reason said now we're having an investigation of the seminaries but i wonder when the Vatican the american bishops will investigate their own chance to raise no chance to read church officials and their conservative backers said it would be irresponsible not to look into role that homosexuality might have played in the highway to abuse by catholic priest a study performed pre-west bishops by john jacology criminal justice found that among over ten thousand individuals were led to the abuse by pre-specting fifty and two thousand eighty one percent were male little boys you try to assess whether this institution is successfully forming when the little settlement life so you have to ask the question whether or not it's doing that of course you don't have to ask any question about whether the cell of the c. may say he says because that would be bad and piss off the Nazi pope any might get all been out of shape said my senior francist amen a salko spokesman for the u.s. conference a Catholic vision you want to make sure that sexual activity or counter to that activity is not present in the seminary the Vatican is chosen 117 visitors including archfishing shalom alley of boston to conduct the inquisitor largely they'd be completed by next spring the last review of seminaries was conducted 1983 the investigators are supposed to examine 55 topics outlined in the set of guidelines and instructions developed by the Vatican at first before the yesterday by the New York Times and in addition to looking for evidence of homosexuality like a limp risk the document also has the investigators to consider how church doctrine is taught in seminaries whether there's a clear process for removing from the seminary faculty members who descend from the authoritative teaching of the church whether seminary and so how to use alcohol the internet television etc with prudent cinemateration and whether the seminary and curds reaction of the rosary among other concerns how do you like that that they don't put the beads and whether they're watching american aisle just a little bit too much did they have any duty guard records lies in an alley well 26 past one at five sixty w q a n here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new forward for my strong photo homestead they always have treated everybody like family which is why they're so popular and they want to stand off for you right now to join their family forward nationally as extended their four family plan offer through September the 30th thought to it man and right now it arms from for the homestead you can still get the same grade pricing that every forward motor company employing his families is getting not only do you get employee family pricing but you also still get arms from for the exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for limit time holding with any new car purchase you still also get on top of all this a color TV for you so what do you wait and for pick up that phone right now on call 305 two four seven fifty one twelve and ask for David rich you will get a better deal on a forward any place i'll bet you've had to wait and his boyfriend's life on how do you like that which they should both croak fat boy and his buddy David not our David rich but the other David no bait and switch no full need deals and to this fantastic offer is only available at arms dog for the homestead where they always treat you like family arms dog for is located in the US one south west video seven street is twenty minutes south of the eighth or three six you will get a better deal on a forward any place else in town check them on the web armstrong cars dot common and give David rich a call at 307 305 two four seven fifty one twelve let me say it again 305 two four seven fifty one twelve ask about the Ford family plan today drive a little and save yourself thousands at armstrong Ford of homestead this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight Friday you best Peter Jennings what a life oh I mean tremendous sort of calls for some of Georgia hello hi there I first of all I want to thank you for channeling mr. Jennings from beyond the great forest okay Peter how are things in hell will it's hard I never thought it was going to be anything but hard so I guess now you're really a smoker huh oh yeah I think it goes with the territories okay I'm glad for Peter Jennings hello Peter you know any dead celebrity dope no man and if I did I wouldn't say so all the win the city cancels hello but yeah Peter other rumors true is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie I think the answer is yes but you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today summer said Kentucky for Peter Jennings hi gentlemen hi mr. Jennings is there's the link beyond music in hell yes and it's just happens it goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour and hour and after and oh my I think that would make my ears bleed oh many do indeed one more call we have on and it left downers growville and all I hello mr. Jennings would you like for Christmas uh seven who's saying oh so so bombs on your wish list yes as his George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings yeah thank you as always thank you I'm a truly nice to see common for you seven votes we're going to make 13 hundred if mine they made to ishka bible okay a pussy public 13 hundred votes by a one o'clock never heard such thing other than the alien I'm even back then what one word vests described George W. Bush we got 177 oh let's see I would say about the 150 those are the feed votes fake dangerous 265 leader 170 seven like I said about 150 those are feed fake votes on qualify 142 moron 124 ass white I mean spacehead hole 119 liar 62 and then compute 43 bozo 29 damage mid 24 full 21 evil do are 19 thief 18 in the cello 17 you know so we worked this out a good balance of positive and negative adjectives put 60 a brilliant 17 put 16 dedicated 16 butcher 15 dumbbell 14 steadfast 13 steady as it goes schmuck 12 there's nothing like a steadfast schmuck honorable 11 failure 10 quizling spelled amusingly and badly bad nine murder or a anti-Christ seven fastest seven fairy six coward six only one for fear monger warm under and reckless out of 1247 you think we're going to make 1300 we could let me refresh 1253 like I said they're coming in today in chunks I think that most of our audience when they think about this person they start speaking of chunks of what the why no or look at that new copy look at that from your close personal event next time you see him by the way tell him that the first thing when the new general manager comes in the first order of businesses I'm coming down there we're all going to have one of those meetings you know and we're going to get his fat as fired hi out pali that's the one and his boyfriend too we can send them off to uh they can help to uh reorganize new Orleans okay when the food comes back they can start the eating frenzy what a tub of crap man got some stick in the cinema piece of copy did he send that director to give that to you he emailed it to me oh he email and why isn't he always emailing you stuff what is that all about he's got to get up to walk it over here ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I see so he's emailing you from about a hundred yards away I get a sale building god although I would pay money to see him fall down right on top of Berkeley all I pay a lot of money for that you I say away is this on the day after we had all the bad news about Delta and Northwest yesterday although they're they're both still flying you'll be okay you'll be flying over there although I know not that I want you to be pessimistic but I would spend a lot of my spare time if you fly a lot like in the basement if you have them when you probably don't cause you're in Florida or like any attic or somewhere where nobody can see it flattened my arms a lot learn and fly right get the two fighters in the del lyrn you to fly okay uh things they're looking to good but here's some good news for those of you who fly this so horseballer I mean U.S. airways U.S. scare received approval to date to emerge from chapter 11 protection during the way for the nation seven largest airline emerge with America West which America West used to be America worst and now everybody tells me they really improve big time and are really good what happened U.S. airways group make my way to least 10 days before formally emerging from from Vancouver to see the expected version formally closed on his merger with America West late this month early October U.S. Bankruptcy judge Stephen Mitchell's ruling came just two days after Delta and Northwest power for bankruptcy protection they both had the same feeling I'm dying out of here not that the cost a few will you understand is going to do with us right ain't seen nothing yet you know and of course these uh I know that even a lot of the Republicans are grumbling and mumbling about putch the speech last night and probably is hundreds of billions in all of these pledging minus well just start like with an athlete money just our print and that's all he's gonna pay all that salt right Canadian dollar be worth about four bucks and I'll be screwed all together in the year will be worth about twenty bucks and you know we can all run and held together it's unbelievable is what it is and the public is like oh my gosh it's getting a little bit dear you know it's going to look right yeah thank you for those low prices by the way Mr. President DeWanna gets through this entire first week back from that summer schedule without being sure to say that five hundred and sixty nine votes we need thirty one votes for thirteen hundred that's another the Josh picked out within here well I mean it seems like the logical next step in it twelve seventy four seriously they're coming in and chunks I was at a render huh now what is the record I don't know we never have track I'm sure Eric has that a vault and a file somewhere how would he have that record rolls during the show I mean I'm sure he's got the final tally's on polls but the record number of votes on a given poll yeah sure he's got that in his ears well whatever but back back during the early on days you can of course back during those days we heard from people that we never heard from before that will over here from again I mean the insidience of them all of a sudden but that that that that by and of course they are all most of them have the same accent but those people right now they're with a lot of your money and they're voting their conscience they're voting you know they're doing their thing right New Orleans mayor says French quarter will reopen in one and a half weeks George by the way tells me the good news is he doesn't know anybody listens to this show so that's good because guys have a friend's right listen I'd say that I said none of my friends listen none of your friends right only your enemy I know lots of keep your enemies close you know what I mean do do do do do do do do do keep your enemies close that's why you ought to hang out with Greg before he leaves now I like sushi maybe I'll take you over that was just gonna say for a little sushi you would normally and if Josh is real nice maybe he'll take Josh over to you eat sushi uh not really no I'm not too big on any kind of food that looks back at you and speaking about that you buy the way in case you missed the poll result from yesterday Rick Riley hadn't been versing 11 votes and says had 160 they hate your Rick they really hate you in fact they probably even like Greg the elk compared to you and he also was on waxing back when it was FM that kind of strains if he took those 105.9 used to be waxy FM right and Ricky Tiki Shaw was there and the Rick and suds were there and Rick hated Rick like poor is all of if we have to choose between Rick Shaw and Rick Riley we'll take Rick Shaw and he did the Rick hated which Rick no they hate each other I don't know you don't think so I don't know anything about that get out in here you don't know anything about that that was back in the uh but I can only imagine huh just know what I know that's so much I don't think it's out of the rick and suds are on the afternoon they sound great I think they sound there no stare and god bless god bless his rich Shaw so anyway and then they went to a big hello big they went to a baby dg which are horrible colliders and it's so when stern was on air and then of course subpolyn old Ron and uh whatever and so the waxy colliders became available on whatever 790 used to be which originally was wf u and then was wnw and ws ws news was our work there for many year wnws with a really bad signal and then what happened after that on and Jefferson pilot bought it out and it became like uh what was it after that I don't know it wasn't last time it became crap and then of course these guys came along and put it it was brokered radio what's remember that that's right it was brokered they had that uh what's that guy's name Paul Cameron on there or some bizarre name uh that was somebody else well anyway they had a whole bunch of people buying time on here and then these times came along with two passes that he's money and dual fine words money said oh we're gonna put a sports station on here we're gonna kick some ass we're gonna show those guys a thing or two yeah a finger two like the number of listeners they got that 18 to 19 demo though is really impressive how I was this is Neil Rodger going to this is 5 16 16 8 yeah hit it some more don't tell me do it again play with it on your home you're gonna rock at cut in the rains of course it was funny when you're vulnerable again felt just like a punch from that function and make that hot into 11 two came riding on him wasn't very fun because he threw it down upon you cute thing like a virgin oh my god lady with on a flying through the air wonder if you yelled at something like the friends and well-codger fans will be sending wishing you some tea and sympathy material girl it's no good attending don't cry for me or lady Madonna don't have no luck star maybe next time you should ride in a car probably the night in the bus and I'll pull one more next time we should get out next one gets a $0.00 not well we don't know what a $0.00 is so you'll get it maybe you'll find it under your bed about this one gets our a gold star or purple gelobia so it wasn't purple star one a total error had this information yes for somebody that I can't print some resetting everything but here is 3,105 during the show during the show is the record well that 3,105 what about during while the show was on but that's the the great that's the total lucky to sound advanced that's the total of probably was a weekend pool like this one probably it was the uh... how it's turned question what's your reaction to clear channels decision to drop Howard stirred oh I see so wasn't a alienito one on to one come 99 I bet you've I clicked it over 1300 which would really I'd be pleased as punch that's during the show see there's no way he'd have a 13 or one thank you Joe fact says and says I've doesn't your show for quite some time I called your show once after returning from trip to Holland August of 2003 I'll speak during our visit to honest it on one afternoon my wife and I took the number for a tram and got off a Frederic's plan just out of the damwreck a little bit more than just south but it's a down there we stopped in the Mexican restaurant that dinner in my amazement the restaurant was playing a senior cruise CD how do you like that senior cruise yeah when answering the waiters about city who died recently who had died his response was they all loved her music while those that's never did have good taste anyway knee i recently visited Toronto in July attended a professional conference at the fair mouth road York Toronto hotel and state if you may as have to the conference to tour the city and see the sites what a great city well you happen to be absolutely correct and the people were very nice as well how do you like that I went into car got to see quite a bit of the city made it to Niagara Falls the Canadian side of course a knee and I see why you like to run or like you have done some traveling and Toronto is right up there with the best especially guard not people please thanks a lot Jose or Joe whatever you're doing what are your people good guy thanks a lot you oh my god he's been to Amsterdam Toronto now he needs to go is like to Cologne and Berlin and some other good places Chicago medicine good cities around Miami one of them 1300 tons votes on a pool of George Bush intensive pool you know something on a regular regular even have a bit of a poll for us to take next week one day Greg weeds most bonehead move at QAM right oh sorry you're talking to me I don't know if we have enough room for all the choices we'd have to put a napal make today's pale and a win significance or we can also we can have like let's see it's the end of the process almost in the September right middle so we got October November and December to have a big sendoff for Greg we could like have a Greg weed pool every day just about yeah like to what about the Greg weeds best suit Greg weeds biggest lie oh brother there have to be like a five-part series all week one week oh there's a phone it means my food is that great timing or what huh what's there you got to be honest ring in which means my brought we're still showed up I told you that I love those people at the age oh man they know they're psychic I mean what the hell would I had to do interrupt the show go down in the middle of the show right now I can look at the phone ring the lead me a message and in about nine minutes so I'll just just do it on down and say uh have my meat please I'll say what are you talking about in a few days residents of begin moving I see I'm not gonna be one of those people that's gonna lie be and give oh and I did want to say about that jingle that kick you out of the door see you it was it was loose oh now the truth is they'll make all I must difference if they're loose if it's because you're now you're not gonna play something after a bit right but in jingle that's that's when you're gonna play something right out of who are right yeah I'm gonna have to redo that you're gonna apologize to all of WFU and people which I'm sure there is something left I'm so glad you're watching that movie I'm just like this so you watched it twice yeah well I was you know chilling it is like oh good man it is so great standing in the shadows of Motown those of you out there they're gonna be bored this weekend no care about all those stupid football games and stuff or the marlin games with a philis uh and even if you do care about that find some time to watch standing in the shadows of Motown go out there and buy the movie or steal it or render it or whatever you want to do it totally for your say appreciate the importance of that whole genre and what it did for rock and roll and everything I mean even if even if you're like 15 years old if you like the Motown music you love that movie it's just it is fabulous New Orleans maris is French Quarter will be open in a week and a half now we're starting to sell my good ladiens say oh I just loved New Orleans it was great no I hated it before and you know nothing against those people it's really tragic what happened but it was a not a good place what may be like the new to prove dark the city of New Orleans will start to breathe again said the mayor negan we still have life will have commerce will have people get in their normal modes of operation normal rhythm of the city and uh let's see next Thursday or no actually next week they're gonna reopen some of New Orleans most uh vibrant and least flood ravaged neighborhoods and the next week and a half included the French Quarter and one and a half weeks the milk could bring back more than 180 thousand of the cities that happened in the habitants the French Quarter was gonna be open on fraud September 26 so make your plans now George this is New Rogers this is five sixty two days Mr. Mouse what the hell are you doing to me what do you mean sir why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a busy theme park in Brooklyn also we're just scouting locations change as unscouting CEOs you are killing me but sir look who's done with New York City Times Square point out I can see hang on bring it bring it bring it turn off the back you plan and rain us get the blue burn on here okay boss by the but sir look what we don't admit down man forty second treat is incredible I want publicly I support it that but you took all the point away you can't meet I'm going through a game ofcom like kids we're just scouting areas calm down let me but much don't tell me to calm down we got lucky with we low in stage $128 million now you're trying to ruin the whole network we're kind of programming are you running hang on a minute three two three nuts yeah you got blue burn crap all over your shoulder wait yourself up for heaven safe and come off the bottom cleaner good God sir the network is fine why couldn't you come up with America idle good God you're still running James Bob movie there's six days here is all why don't you just put steam up will you want to be done with it please make a couple of damn dollars well the movie division fine you mentioned we were in fishing now we have the new and no chum on we'll be coming all the time what the hell does that mean stop time you fine you're gonna start swinging some of these titles past me three creamer here you go I know you can hear me you're so wrong I'm gonna put it you don't go go run for me you're right I'm right there yeah sir I'd be very careful the next time I started my car why were you what do you mean I'm not done with you what not done what sir not the hell so I'm in your job but sir you're capable of turn baby I put on limits in there I feel like the president of Disney remiss what a wonderful day get out of here you nut bag bye bye