uh... this thing about the bingo slots if they do this i mean this is uh... everybody should move out of the state this leave it to the gateers and uh... jib your fed ask governor what an idiot oh he's gonna kill this thing i'm telling you it's gone i'm not telling you but uh... i've been saying this for weeks if this guy is out to make sure this thing doesn't happen doesn't matter what the public wants it doesn't matter when it never matters what the public wants it that family has something in common photo lacquer respect for the system so we're in a right places were you sure sound like a million miles away you know i do you didn't have technical problems this morning yeah i heard you say something about that only once yeah we lost the phone line one time for a minute that's all well that's not not i could uh... see my son as somebody must have pulled this tube yeah no it's actually nice and relaxing over here is it yeah see they're not too crazy about it either because if we've had real slots so who new right mind would go over there it always grave i mean all those wonderful folks that you're with now you know what it's uh... it's not it you know if this is actually a good place to visit for a couple days it has everything sure you know i can bet fast gets the piece just one hundred sixty dollars on the real fortune you can hear the jingle in the background really yeah how many of the sixty bucks yes i would even play in quarters of course i'm not the uh... rich mobile that you are playing quarters what kind of money you're supposed to go in the plane quarters but you're going to go to the nickel machines uh... you know they have nickel machines you know i'm gonna hit the penny machine okay i i didn't uh... i i played the sanity to car ds today i'm in heaven here yeah you know they've erased book here now so i play sanit one of the one i can sit here writing my house and play the sanity cardini day i want yeah that's true yeah you can't do that in florida now for your not supposed to god forbid god forbid the florida should become a real state yeah never have real part of the never happen it's hopeless yeah i wonder who the successors going to be when i started thinking of paper this morning i just you know you know i have your hand of the years i live out of the way i didn't see the paper this morning i'm you know i haven't gotten a paper over here yet what was in it this story about the impingor style slots about the house they've built coming out today and they want to limit the uh... slots to the same thing that the Indians are using which accomplishes two thing oh and he the governor also wants to put all kinds of other limits to the one of four dollars they want to force the per mutuals to come up with the five hundred million dollars a year in revenue certification that they promised even though of course it'll that was projected if they'd and borrowed both past it even it lost in date so then if they don't get come up with the five hundred million and are going to impose a fee to make up the difference he's got lucky you said he's been doing everything in this power to deep six it and there's a republican ones of patha for my and we represented who's the one who's a poisonous thing in the house luckily to send it uh... is not a favor that states in it be visapata yeah oh and also the governor wants to ban it way to hear this van the saloon consumption of booze in the sloth halls and also allow no ATM's but that had a great time this guy is a curse yes is a curse and i've been asking it for years now how to help us keep winning how did he win by a landslide like what what is going on with these people they must be massive as they always win they fix the elections this is right on this is was very predictable yeah he came down did everything he could to be the uh... but i i still blame the proponents though i think they did a really we both talked about that already crappy job of awarding the measure they would made it specific if they would have made it specific that they were talking about class two uh... slots uh... whatever whatever class it is then i would have been no problem been no question but their losers that's why they are on a conductor on business and uh... and they can't you know they can't even write the legislation properly when they desperately need it yeah and the history of this way and one is pancreatic uh... rants would come for good luck he i uh... how stick with the wood bind thank you okay we'll be here having good time to be used is going to be at uh... that we'll afford to all day i was feeling in fact i'll be in montreal the next three days punching in their beautiful casino they got five five floors i told you about that well i'll try not to i'll try to use the beast is an example yeah he's inspired me have a great day and you two i'll see you Monday all right rock solid these is playing quarters and about how much do ferries oh well with uh... day be great you like wouldn't it be nice if they found Sandra and then she's saying it was for the nippy nice if they found Sandra for the law to close come here as to then there's all of them as for the history we finally put it and tell this history or or this be nice if they found Sandra i'll have a rants that she wouldn't it be nice if they found Sandra fire in a mid-red in montreal she could tell us about ferries we've been as she's out to melt off i think she's not sure anybody seen her lately it's a ten-o-four five sixty-a-live guarantee if he's almost as likely as terry shangl i don't know about you but if i hear one more word about that well we got a few words we got to say today when we get to that story but enough already oh there it is there's another one of my silly guys in the dress one of the screemers look at that you ferries oh brother anyway i don't i can't handle it can you take any more of that this fan asked governor of yours let me say it again you wanted it you got it you get exactly what you deserve man you vote for this insanity for these spashes lunatics who want to impose their view on everybody else and that's what you get should come as no surprise that they're trying to divert the rule of the courts because uh you know you don't mess with the bush people when that crowd they're going to do whatever they want they'll find by hooker by croaks like stealing elections little things like that basically what you had an america and it goes back to 2000s you had a bloodless pool or a group of self-appointed nazi took over the country and immediately sits back and but it made but it would put about and isn't it great religion is taking this great place in america and we got that that lunatic they wrote that uh what's the name of that book that idiotic book about purpose uh purposeful life whatever that thing is he's everywhere now he's probably on that toteenus pizza it rose a little pizzer's house maybe he's on that piece of toad maybe he's on the t-fell uh did you get that thing up by the way the t-fell skillet yeah now let's let's put in a bit for the me with two late three pms that it was the deadline damn it jamey king also known as james king kind of a strange name for a chick james king but nevertheless that's what she wants to be known as and so uh who cares right right she's naked there on our beaded curtain if you're already age of 155 and you got 48 pieces of ID to prove a picture ID that is okay not a that's fully fake ID that we're also familiar with April 23rd nineteen seventy nine she was born which makes her almost twenty six but not quite born in a great city on the honor brassica even though you guys don't believe it because that's see when you haven't been anywhere you just don't know what i'm about it so you talk and you're lucky know something she was a top model at the age of sixteen appearing as cover girl for us something here and it's chopped off the New York something anyway she's in a movie called the ninth passenger which is now yet two for the money which is not yet the alibi is not yet since city that's already pretty persuasion white chicks Harry Green and Eugene and uh bulletproof monk for faces of god lone star state of mind slackers pro harbour blow happy campers young hollywoods awards also on the harbour radio show but that's said back in the day like five six years ago so there she is james king she's underbated curtain and she's naked as a jay bird there it is for you let's see what okay here's the results in the appoe yesterday the best pizza in Florida is pizza locked 172 no contest you see the power of this show yes now look at the ice cream that's winning in our poll today fish food right but in jerry's fish food who put that on the map uh they'll come who put pizza locked on the map they'll come back when he used to like us like me two bad twaco is okay hard asked pizza lock 172 mario the baker 87 Papa John's 81 steves pizza 68 pizza time 67 cassola 66 Frankie 62 which we thank Frankie's for bringing that food yesterday pizza have 58 god fathers and a cell most alana i'm gonna try to restrain myself okay let's try very hard you know to pull the tube oh my god god god fathers and a cell most 54 each tied his only 42 Anthony's cool fided in 41 little Caesar's 34 mommy's butters a lot of names on here's gonna take me hours to read all of these little Caesar's 34 mommy's best pizza 33 Anthony 31 along with janna baker 31 I want to try to baker his kiddo mario the baker you think brothers pizza rooster cute 27 components flicker like 26 somebody was given us a song an advance about uh that yesterday if they didn't like it or whatever well i got 26 votes what do you know sparrows also got 24 though about a step away from franco america love an oven 22 on burtos and the big cheese and tonies had 20 peace thanks to bread and tonies and the guy say that's still as good as it gets yeah mama me is and domino's 19 a piece oh domino's even your dog would turn its nose up at that popies and mr. D 17 hungry how he's 16 villa rose in Brooklyn boys and zeros and Mike's 15 a piece Johnny G's and vinos 14 wise guys 13 i've decided Berkeley is working in fever sley nice god Berkeley you would give you the man next eleven a mechie eleven reno's pizza ten two brothers nine sur pizza nine mizzola's nine and not then we screw that up it's not mizzola i don't know what it is that's what it is can only kitchen eight delvecchio eight delvecchio and grorty how and tiddly's he today's in pro psn pomsprings north seven cherries seven times square seven red rock six more a five uncle Franks for mama's for pobys for three for as pezitos two votes for seris pop a piccolo hot so bay franko's one for genos and luché luché had the big so that must really be well let me just nobody eats it i don't want to really be bad you know because what do we know see that again is like talking about stuff that you know nothing about like saying oh boy that chulos take out is really and never been there so what do I know i was never invited say i'm not part of these sports fraternity on this radio station i was never part of that inner circle of sports nerds so i was never invited i josh he had plenty of females there yes i have and probably my galba in promotions guy you probably had some females a chulose like to i paid for some too probably had some females a chulose like i said yes yes i paid for it we don't have the mask for any uh addition to that okay we don't have to embellish it freemials free loader today we're doing ice cream once in for all and already i got faxes on this because we put it up i don't understand this wow i think i've seen this Fred says Ben and Jerry's everything but the two twisted ice creams now is that the name of a flavor because he says combination of the ear of super fudge junk heath bar crunch oh we got to get that on the right away heath bar crunch oh god and what not there's nothing like heath bar crunch and peanut buttercup to die for he says somebody i guess that might be the name of a boy wait and find out for sure right look at your dad yeah also a fact that says Ben and Jerry's caramel sutra or is caramel caramel sutra no nobody with a brains is caramel okay only people have done what i speak proper english they caramel whatever you call it i guess it's probably pretty good and then he's guys say who sent this p-grow a p-grow he's got a diagram of the way it sits in the tub in the container vanilla on one side caramel cone in the middle and chocolate on the other side caramel sutra says caramel cone one and a half inches thick vanilla on one side chocolate with fudge chunks on the other side haha haha it says sick this is really disgusting one good thing you don't very confident that nobody's gonna bring you guys any ice cream do they have positive about that a public says right down street my guess it public's bringing you no ice cream okay oh i mean that's true do a good deed anybody out there wants to bring in some dual city lachi for Miguel i don't know what what's your story i'll do rocky road rocky road that's a good choice and i've been Jerry's doesn't make rocky road do they it's a little too pedestrian for the name they don't make everything out huh they make everything i mean they even make vanilla and they make like uh chalk written strawberry it's because they would make a rocky road i've never seen a bend Jerry's rocky road i think you'll make some really great rocky road that's faster robins man they have a good rocky road you just want to kind of stick a cube in there and like you know melted and put like a straw and drink it hey your fish food is number seven on their top 10 what does that mean i'm Ben and Jerry's dot com yeah there's number seven we don't hear what their top 10 is we're talking about our astute audience that's got uh you know taste in their tush it's kind of vanilla's number two already look at that fish food is number one so far and vanilla is number two and chocolate is number three what a bunch of daring folks we have out there wow woo man let's see oh yeah cookie to and butter pickin man like i said it's 10 13 if i've 16 w2 mu people what you know about ice be a man you could put inside your all right now that's the one and have plenty of room left over all right for yesterday is a pick out john said maybe not i just don't know how you the last two days has been really disgusting don't bring them any ice cream okay i don't want to be responsible for bad things happening with these people but stop on my hips wow your fat ass is really comfortable wow your fat ass is doing wonders for my bad back what a do something useful with your fat ass i can sleep on your fat ass all day then why not put it to you he don't end up my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too do you as one of america's newest ask questions put your fat ass to use for the airlines and turn a coat seat in the comfort class this is great by letting people sit on your fat ass you'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus at the movie theater even at the park mommy the boss on this fat ass with me put your fat ass to work today receive hourly wages help benefits and hoes call me proud to be a fat ass i am ten eighteen at five sixty w q m so anyway why did they put that wording in the uh... amendment on a ballot class three slot machines and that's all i had to do is put those extra two words in her class three to be specific how anybody could uh... spend all the time in the effort in the money that the proponents did and leave it up to the fat ass governor speaking of fat ass and the legislature uh... it's just it's just bottles was mine they shouldn't have had a time that they're going to do everything in their power to us a virtual the public that's this that's governor specialy whatever you people want he said do the obvious he's always got the be as plans the you know Terry shirebo same thing she wants to be left alone labor and died of the husband says uh... the company can't go back to the and uh... but it means that the best yesterday was he he's trying for the dc efforts did such a great job with real world and the commission all those other children and by the way she's not a child to show i've never less the department of uh... dc f he wants them to take custody of a theory and that great oh yeah and that one surprised me if they don't know the middle night and just a wist her way in here like happens on passenger one of crazy soap operas or she just disappeared she's off to the bush you're a manson somewhere on a french river or you'll never see her answer again and we insist when i held a zid ever stop in a public you want what is it that you're fascinated with what's to like you know there's an all-reference that you've got time what's not to like what's to like with his bathroom he is one of the most obnoxious one of the most anxious and we keep hearing an immediate all but he's a very devout man and he really believes in air right all he believes in is that he's the dictator and he's going to jam everything down the throats of the public whether that's what they want or not that's all he knows your fat ass governor but he should only run one bigger part of the he's a Christian no he's a Catholic Catholic oh my bad don't get bored again christians can fuse with Catholics because as you know they hate each other like poison he could but it kind of rubbed off on him when he married that jacquita banana there so you know calamba this mugger it rubbed off so he's Catholic but of course he's a very devout Catholic and of course you know what they're saying like the shindlers that guy by the way the shindlers I was a little bit nervous with that name that they were Jewish we got enough problems already you know with my orlansky the shindlers are Catholic and they're given a son of ants about oh well Terry was a devout Catholic and the the husband says now she wasn't devout at all okay and this plenty of Catholics who are who two who have living wills and choose to have their lives not extended with some stupid ass you another for artificial means oh boy just this religious explosion that you're seeing in America today this is at the root of course that's that's just a cover up what's underneath of course has nothing to do with religion but that's the uh the cover up for everything else that's going on and explosion of her and fact did I print that oh yeah here's the best before we get to our ice cream I'm tired of this crap I can't stand it evangelicals opposed the government unshiival how do you like that and spite of what you're hearing in a nice media more than two thirds of people who describe themselves as evangelicals and conservatives disapprove of the intervention by congress and president bush in the case of Terry shival a CBS news pool found that four or five people pulled a post federal intervention were levels of disapproval among key groups supporting the GOP almost that high bushes overall approval rating which was down to 49% last month dropped again down to 43% dropping like a rock dropping like a rock most American said they feel civility for family members on both sides of the school to reshire both more than eight and ten the full so they feel civility for bottomary shunders at seven and ten send us some of the yadi adiada yadi but the boot but about whatever all the four show the same thing but the most interesting part of it is more than two thirds of evangelicals and conservatives disapprove that i mean even as far business they are they realize that this is totally unacceptable you just can't do this we're talking about a fashion state that that is not only trying to overrule the courts trying to subrude the constitution but try to reject themselves into private personal family matters like alien all over again baby okay let's see starbox mud pie oh and we don't have any starbox ice creams on it out the poll what's your favorite ice cream it can be just a flavor like vanilla or can be a brand like Ben and Jerry's fish food follow what I'm saying no what he said why I don't know starbucks mud pie got it i've been sad to good to me mud pie starbucks makes all coffee flavor ice creams for obvious reasons starbucks is the coffee people okay let's see what we got so far your favorite ice cream Ben and Jerry's fish food another one made very popular by oh god there's truly 53 it is so good it's odd to me i wouldn't be surprised if the governor knew we enjoyed it that much you probably would make it illegal your fan asked governor no seriously anything where you might have a good time where you might enjoy life that doesn't fit in with his right wing fundamentalist view of life you can't have it you can't do it you can't have it i don't want it you ain't getting it faster to you you you piece of turd his he's a turd on two legs all but he's so popular yeah only in florida man okay fish food is first but vanilla is second oh oh my god 38 say there and i've been telling you people that for years you laughed at me right and if it weren't for being this crowd because the rest you know the rest of the public don't know fish food from fish tank uh vanilla would all be number one say truck that's 29 is third i mean very this is so boring cookie though cookie go 21 terrible cookie go butter for can 20 i mean look at what we got if you take away fish food this i am humiliated no wonder jib bush you keep swinging all we can't run again thank god they get somebody worse maybe we got our first gay governor gay yeah Charlie Christ christ or we'd be marked fully maybe miss fully will leave congressman for a higher orifice let's see uh benenjiri's cherry grassy in nineteen benenjiri's super fudge chunk that's new york super fudge chunk 17 i guess we didn't have room to put that in there huh i don't know i didn't put oh now you blame us on erician your right kazerica that was the original pull rocky road 13 for stashio 12 tagging us dulce de leche ten is watery flavors good but it's watery uh but you know a little bit strawberry eight benenjiri's coffee coffee crunch only six only six vanilla's got 38 and benenjiri's coffee coffee crunches got six this is enough to make me just fall on a floor in the left you have a laugh or cry for hours coffee five coffee ice cream of which there are you know we could be more specific rires orios got four rumb raisin three rires score is got three nestle's turtle three which means some of you folks have scoured for those in fondom congratulations i salute you neopalotin to that's your chocolate vanilla and strawberry it's like for little kids yeah that way you're in school you said there's little vixie cups would they either vanilla chocolate or neopalotin chocolate strawberry and vanilla i don't know i mean that is really for goiim caramel sutra one and he thar crunch one hmm now who makes he thar crunch does benenjiri's making he thar crunch i think they do i'm not you know i stream this weekend no way i had three ice cream days what i'm sure you know that's what you're doing no i'm not no i'm absolutely not i had three ice cream days in a row and it definitely cannot continue 26 past ten if five sixty w few emwe got the mowhower david in delusia are my wrong about that and we don't have no mow today no mow do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do this evenson from o it to what's that all of the mad dog is for six fifty marlins on deck the marlins exhibitionist game at uh... against Houston from cusimia seven or five followed by the eddy k gambling show no mow today uh... maybe he's in home eating pizzas maybe he's just showing all that or maybe he's off to a big maybe i'd a big dinner near a prime last night he paris uh... benjiri uh... i can only imagine i mean as good as the coffee coffee coffee crunches i would imagine that the heath bars just what i've got to do but you probably put you into a spastic theory shivostate absolutely no fairy world I'm a fush! I'm a fush! Well, he's a fella has a nasty nasty Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and if I said my little granny, Oh, we've been a gendered ass brat, me Oh, that he's a fella has a nasty nasty Double-day a fella Very looliful Well, he's a presidential son Who doesn't have to run? How one else is gonna win? He might as well just go right in Sing hard Sing hard Sing hard Sing hard He has a golden pool He was born with others ass So look out on you, dude Oh, if ready for the dad He's a fella has a nasty nasty You're fair, bro He'll give our people right from whammy Oh, I mean the fella has me nasty Double-day a fella Very looliful He's a very looliful He's a very bad dispute Who never paid his dues By the next year we'll always prove Sing hard Sing hard Sing hard Sing hard Any smart people with that ready? Against money, we're gay, why don't you think they call it Gilbert? Victoria Landing Grey He's a fella, not a nasty Poor building to take a payback, not a thing Poor daddy's a fella has me nasty Double-day a fella That's the looliful That's the looliful That's the looliful That's the looliful That's the looliful That's the looliful You asked to bring four tonight Shibos, parents, or friends to reinsearch the two But how do you like that? The only last chance they got in That was it, noon There was a Florida judge who's been a rule One final rule, and of course, the he already gave his preliminary indication yesterday But he's going to give the final rule again noon and then it'll be it About two horses a temp two, yeah And now we're in twenty seven minutes for the horse counting And we can get on with the our lives Jibos tried to have DC have taken control, take custody If we're working courses, absolutely ridiculous I mean what legal basis is there for that That the stake can just come in and take custody of anybody I mean I can understand if somebody was homeless Or well I won't even go through it You know, since you're a fat ass governor again, a crazy person Running your state, and one of the forties in the condition that it's in And after and say the song, Jessica says, favorite ice cream It says, oh, mg being the fat pig that I am I'm always trying to out the low carb ice cream Last week I tried one that was so good I had a pass it along Public friend, turtle ice cream with only four carbs per serving I think one serving is his fatigue, but who cares it's good Even people who don't lean the low carb way would love it Says Jessica, how do you like that? Public's turtle got it? I got it. Do you want to say public lab leader, want to say low carb high carb? Wouldn't want to do that. We'll have 40,000 different names on there. Public's brand tier, I have a feeling I'll read that Because all those low carb ice creams and a lot of them are very good But they've got that stuff in a man that's surbetall and multi-tall It'll keep you real busy all day real close to home, please Half baked by Ben and Jerry's now there is some real crap Sorry whoever sent this, it's okay. I need to break the news to you, I can't stand this Half baked by Ben and Jerry's truck that didn't all ice cream with Fludge, brownies and truck with chip cookie dough See it's got cookie dough, oh, not for me Save all the cookie dough for cursi, and this lady who sent this facts Okay, you got it half baked, Ben and Jerry's half baked Okay, don't call off half baked Oh look at that, that's right. It is called Fred, for since a picture of the container For Fred's of maniac, he went online, I guess And everything but the, oh that's what it's called Everything but the blank blank blank blank On these, got another picture with the description of it Did you see me that or not? Well, why not? I wanted, okay, if it has to do with ice cream, if I'm not going to eat any At least I can talk about it, I can fantasize But that's Ben and Jerry's by the one Ben and Jerry's everything but the dot dot dot dot dot dot Got it, dot dot dot dot dot And you melted it about a hunt for about two and a half minutes in the microwave So it's like a puddle and then just suck it up in a few Right, 560, 560, what are we going to do after No, what are we going to do with that? You, maybe we can start talking about the applicator Two, that one, the one that rushes got buried somewhere Come in a QA, and hello Yes sir, eating chocolate peanut butter Is the greenies chocolate peanut butter, okay? Me best, but no, it's gay Hey, vanilla is really gay, oh boy, if you even know it You're fairery, you're out at Edeys, I forgot all the body of you So Edeys used to bring us a lot of free ice cream as a matter of fact I just mentioned that in passing, I don't know if they still like us or not But Edeys and I think also on this station Really has brought us in some free ice cream So I'm just, I just mentioned that just in case you know, we don't want to get shut out again today We proved our power yesterday Supreme court says no to removing that to re-inserting me You, yeah, they said keep it out of there That thing about the bingo style slots proposed I just, I just want to vomit, I'm so glad that I spend his little time and Florida is humanly possible You have no idea you can't even begin to imagine the tremendous pleasure Even if we're sitting here just again in a Terry Shival type state with a cue And I know is in my throat or whatever That would be an improvement or I have to like endure the kind of madness that goes on Florida It's helpless and hopeless because you people keep putting the same losers The same maniacs back at office again to run your lives And we're spelling run RUI in by the way Everything but the original ice cream pines, chocolate and vanilla ice cream with heat bar chunks White chocolatey chunks, peanut butter, cup-sand and like peanut butter And chocolatey covered almonds It says whenever we visit our scoop shop, we notice our friends combining their favorite flavors Great cool new combos and we thought what a great idea So we took your favorite bingo theories and swore them together to invent some twisted new flavors And now you get more of everything I don't know how to push this in push the net Chubby checker will be curses teams in guest today at 2.15 Better Kurdistan us, we don't want Chubby checker, clearance just stay away from us, okay try Stop trying to suck around clearance, we don't want we don't do guests We realize we have no understanding what they show us all about But we don't do guests on the show, guests are crap That's what they mad dog is absolutely correct about Absolutely correct Our two now We got the edge swore it's coming on today and talk about the 1950 do baseball card collections And if you're not interested in 1950 do baseball collections, I guess you're all gone See what I'm saying? Guess blow Dominic you way in hello Good morning sir Yes sir I don't understand these people man, how with all the great ice cream there is up there Right But now Oh it's not only me, I'm just grossed out by it It is what you need Frozen milk coming Right, that's exactly what You know, water Water And then do do yourself a favor I mean I know you know this but just stay the hell out of here And there's no reason for you to have to come I think this place is Well I'm going to come in for a week at a time to do take care of you legal Adzenins and you know right under few checks and do some things And then I get to hell out I mean I got a trip booked a summer already for just a weekend The Friday Saturday coming back here on a Sunday I just can't take it It's just I don't know how I endured all those years I'm turning man Let me tell you something If I use you try to set it up that way That business gets me out of here for at least a good four months during the summer Oh right And because I mean there is no way Especially with this insanity would be a tube And thing going A tube Right That tube That tube That I am a tube That's what I'm going to do Stay down here Anyways one for your list just for the hell of it Because I don't see it on there Not that I would say it's my favorite But about this close as I'll get to vanilla Cookies and cream I don't want things that I can hear He says not make Really? No I've never been able to find it Everybody else does I know Don't you find it strange if they don't make Rocky Road Because Rocky Road is like it It's right up their alley It's one of their 10 ice creams That you would might I wouldn't lie I have somebody Who used to work for them That I had a friend And he said Probably part of the reason is Because fish food is sort of their answer to Rocky Road No I don't disagree with that But I agree Thank God they don't make it Probably pretty good Okay Thank God I just say it Okay you got that? Cookies and cream Yeah Okay Oh you got any ice cream yet? No they're not going to bring you ice cream I don't even want to make it waste my time If I chance somebody Comes by with four or five half gallons Then just let me know What is it that we owe Rogers? What's inclusive like? You What is it that you owe I just got I just got The other new Christian and a team Four four things are a Christ's Amicatement We are in the red book watch Christ in the Alpins of Thumbness We sacrifice we must address The body and blood of full world flesh Which is born into the red life of dying the highest The You're so proud You're so proud Ten forty six of you I am the US Supreme Court rejected and I feel By the parents of Terry Shabba I have their severely brain damaged daughters Feeding You re-inserted The court without time I refuse to intervene after the LMS US Supreme Court of Appeals Twice Wednesday turned out A plea from the parents On the floor to front Penelas Pasco Circuit Judge George Greer As said he'll rule by noon today That's an hour and 13 minutes But who's counting? On the latest effort by Florida Fractals to intervene in the case Greer and that's by noon today Could be earlier could be any second Now are you on the edge of your seat? Actually yeah Greer had ordered Shabba's Cube Remove last Friday after seven Years of court battles between the Shindlers and Michael Shabba The issue now before Greer and Palo's allegations That Terry Shabba may have been abused by her husband As they're making up stuff Practically here at the last moment In addition, in a petition by the Florida Department of Children and Families That ECF a neurologist to examine Shabba's medical records Never examined her Never was anywhere near her Found she was most likely in a state of minimal consciousness Rather than a persistent vegetarian State previously doctors have diagnosed So all the other doctors who examined her All these years They know nothing but here's the exam in the medical records And has never been anywhere near her He said no she's okay She's she's we're going to get up into a temp dance According to the petition the agencies Board certified neurologist Dr William Pope Cheshire As informed as information that seriously challenges the diagnosis That Mrs. Shabba was in a persistent vegetative state as the courts have Appled the new information raises serious concerns And more as immediate action fat ass Governor James Bush said Bush is vowed to do everything within his power To be sure Shabba was feeding Kino David gives attorney for Shabba's parents Called the neurologist minding shocking new medical development Shocking We're barbed over to Thoreau di Gess today from a moving theory Shabba from the hospice and spiriting her off never to be seen again Which ensures exactly what they had in mind Maybe they can take her off to Alistair Cren's Slicialist state off there in the friendship Or maybe our weapon hello it is Thank maybe Alistair himself will show up Now this story about in the hero this morning being ghost house slots proposed This is what Florida's all about right here There is nothing that happens in its state that can be done right that makes sense That you know that reflects the will of the electorate that just that just You can't do anything right it just can't happen to get the law No say permissaki, okay can't be done Slot machines in power county per mutual facilities would be limited to The bingo style for the terminals that are now in use to be in gaming casinos under a proposed bill being released today by a key house committee The major retention salinity expansion of gambling by prohibiting bankous style slot machines and potentially Undercutting efforts by the seminal and mickestucky tribes to get high stakes casino gambling known as class three gaming and negotiate with the state The house plan also attempts to force the permitual industry to make good on campaign promises to generate $100 million here in tax revenues for education even though that promise was made whether to appear that both they then grow our permutials would have the games and of course They don't under the plan proposed by the house business regulation committee The state would impose a tax rate on the machines that is yet to be determined if tax revenue is less than the 500 million that the industry promised in its election campaign The state would impose a fee to make up the difference in this period. We actually the proposals was mixed last night As lobbyists put their hopes on a Senate bill next week. That's expected to impose fewer restrictions and cost and less money than the house version The worst case scenario we want to be in is that nothing less in the gaming the Indians have said Ron book who represents a coalition of per mutual owners The idea of limiting slot machine operations to the vingo style terminals now in use to the Indian casinos was first voted by representative Lanzapata A minor Republican and recently endorsed by fat ass governor Jeff Boach the machines are to find this task to gambling in federal law By all appearances the class to machines looking operate like the traditional slot machines but customers play against each other rather than against the house and the jackpot's tend to be lower Governor Bush released a suggestions for regulating slot machines this week and while the house plan embraces many of them such as defining slot machines Is the vingo style video machines and excludes many others weighted ear these for example the house is not embraced the governor's proposal for taxing slots Bush wants to impose a 40% tax rate on the first 500 slot machines at Browards for per mutual facilities been increased to rate by 5% for every founder machines up to a tax rate of 100% When we get to 150% oh there is that wild pat in the honey But lips are cracking so many at the mouth Bush also wants to hear your bush wants to also ban the sale and consumption of alcohol And allow no items within the slot halls the house bill does not have those res. Let me say again he wants to ban the sale of booze and not allow any ATMs in the slot halls That'll be great. The house does not include the governor's suggestion the gamblers be banned from using credit cards or debit cards and slot machines And also prevents any cash advances to gamblers the governor also opposes the industry practice of offering free drinks meals or gifts to gamblers That this man we need to bake a rack him. He's trying to run off in hijack and kidnab Terry Shabo's body This governor of yours he needs to be bankrupted. He needs to be put into a mental institution before he has no state left at all. He's a crazy person Both the house and the governor proportional of the slot store operate 12 hours a day. The house sets the hours is new to midnight to joke Minimum should be like 9 a.m. to 3 a.m. some like that. Of course most places now in this day and age are like 247 By contrast, a Senate committee is considering a plan that with the fine slot machines is the traditional Las Vegas style slot. Thank God That style of gambling is to find a federal laws class three gaming and could open up an opportunity for the Indian consumers to negotiate with the state to offer other high stakes Such as crafts, roulette and blackjack the Senate is also expected to impose a tax rate of 30 percent About 30 men and opposed many better restrictions on five together and house leaders thank the Lord for your state Senate I'll tell you that right now or you I though you're not going to have didly not going to be squat Oh, when does it ever end is it ever end man. I think that governor's sticking to right where the moon don't shine 560 You know the call of the call of mom to go I hate I hate to break the news to but I'm confident looking at the result This reminds me of the night what was it a martyte when we had the referendum on a slots Something like that and early in the night and it was way ahead and brought online, but in data was ahead by you know a few points and as a time kept going on I as you just thought was happening you know you saw that it was only a couple points ahead and all of a sudden it was behind Same thing here on our pull what's your favorite ice cream flavor or ice cream then in gerious fish food, which is believing right throughout 70 best in front that's first vanilla is I'm confident vanilla will be in first by the time we get done with us just like I've been telling you forever And you laughed at me when I told you back They me it's not just making that up I told you that because I've read it as it in times I did my research man anybody's in ice cream like I am I do my research Vanilla 62 chocolate 40 Oh Then in gerious geragars see a 27 and even that's shocking because that's certainly not one of their best flavors You think that is their best flavor Yeah Get out of this guy okay Nice Oh my choice that's on their site That's what people prefer Sure geragars see it isn't even in their top five yes it is No, I'm not talking about on their website. I'm talking about in fact Okay Butterbacon Twenty six twenty five the dark folks like Butterbacon Ben and Jerry super fudge tough. That's near super fudge. So 24 cookie dollar 24 Boy Rocky road 18 Rocky roads damn good pistachio 15 hoganized dulce de laixie 14. Yeah strawberry 12 Ben and Jerry's coffee coffee crunch nine. That should be right up there bubbling under the top I don't want to like start getting you folks fat, but if you haven't had coffee topping crunch you just your life is a Fraction your life experiences like almost like Terry Shibos. That's how minimal you're enjoying your life if you haven't had that Coffee ice cream ages general genera coffee. Heath bar crunch six buyers Oreo six. That's Miguel's yeah Rummarison six rummarison can be pretty good all the hogan does his guess what hogan does rummarison is watery. Yeah Lottery neapolitan for nestle's turtle for buyer scores three. That's the correct answer by the way You just can't find it too bad you lose EV's topic peanut butter is got a pair caramel suit for that's a Ben and Jerry's by the way You don't have to put that on there, but I just two should be cookies and cream one. Ben and Jerry's everything but the dots one Starbucks month-high one Ben and Jerry's half baked on have any in public turtle or have any of either Sorry about that All so much our screen. Let's see EV's corny island vanilla with caramel swirl and chunks of chocolate covered waffle comb bits is bread EV's corny island vanilla or is that just called EV's corny island? I guess EV's corny island you got it. I mean you're making this into like a big good semis. It's not that complicated Corny island Here's the fact that says oh Maxwell tots this silly ass Brit A cruise ship of gay life guards, but this is a silly ass Fag your lifeguard turn away from nevis in the Caribbean Okay, what I've got a bunch of a little bit okay you fair it out here Maxwell tots Well, if any another Brit, of course the brits are all you know Queens Ben and Jerry's concession obsession Wow Is a concession or confession it says here concession obsession It's chocolate ice cream with a caramel swirl and trust your favorite movie theater snacks like snow caps peanut butter cups and soft pretzels. Oh Pretsels and ice cream Oh By the way, it says you know seriously you have your hand ice cream with pretzels in it. No that would be like having pizza with pickles Oh, yeah, okay. Well, there you go. I agree with you on this Something was all It says by the way the two new drops to and do fair are some of the best ever play them all day What's this a plan to do fair huh? It sounds like a plan to me We could just back him up side by each you and let's work on You're gonna trade you idiot whoever told you that you could work with men What's your hired for just the help us just that seemed clear to you to help us to help men We're going out there to try to earn a living you company man you're fairing In the 70s it was In the 80s it was Okay In the 90s it was success and now the latest craze sweeping the nation is mouth breathing Here A sheet 157 minutes accounting till noon until judge career gives us the high sign high sign now you know you realize the whole right there's no way in a world and he's gonna say the VCF can take custody or you can imagine the president that that would set I'll see that happen. Yeah, it's just gonna come into your house and the gram somebody Oh, well, you're not taking good care. We're gonna come in a grab in the middle of the night And they were gonna take custody the governor is gonna have like this secret place somewhere Like Sodom had all these secret palaces your governor's gonna have all these secret mansions around the state You know, he's gonna have all these people hooked up across to a big cube Maybe it's really a bomb five six seven. Oh five sixty fifty six minutes in counting This is exciting. It's almost like today Michael came in as pajamas remember that You five six seven oh five sixty pound five six to leave a rise in singular wireless lines W 2 AM hello Good morning, yes, sir I'm the one I'm one of the ones that can I die screaming because they glow like a balloon Yeah, I have to have that T.C. B.Y. The white chocolate moves right that's really good for me I can have that sneakers with Fred's old and I Maybe we'll see that to intravenously like to a big you yeah, but I'll go and back to that case Are the lady with a two the lady with a two? Yeah, yeah, if you question and you believe in God don't you believe that you that person has gone 15 years ago And you supposed to be dead. I don't know. I'm not Christian. I don't believe in God So I couldn't tell you so I'm assuming it's a rhetorical question You never recede and haven't already she said that you're wrong six years ago. She's long gone So you are against your religion because God is calling you you're not there then that's right You better get with it. Yeah, yeah, again on your way Terry good point As far as that tube is concerned All I can tell you is that this is absolute mass madness and once again You see other people this goes on every day every day in America and all over the world There were people who died with dignity and money. You know, they have seed the living will would have solved it Yeah, but even people without living will if they make their wishes known to a loved one whatever It goes on and we don't have the cameras there We don't have wacky people like Reverend Pat Mahoney running my mind She's she's partial of so cracking see she and what she she's like she's like our management. She has no feeling You're one saying she has no feeling So the fact that she's dying would appear to be a horrible growth test death and being started of et cetera It's a mood point because she's an vegetative state which means she has no senses no feeling She just exists She has those involuntary blinks of the eye, but you'll notice you know Look over here here you hold up the two fingers over here. Take and of course she doesn't move The untangusty any head movement is when they're moving her head around with her aunt like I like a rag doll God building for lottery else says oh Please oh, that's right. Thank you. Those got a good point the Hank was right according to the official vintage. Your age website Should we go see as the most popular flavor? You're insistent isn't even in the top five. What do you try to say me? Are you saying that the website is wrong 50% of the time? You know I'm saying that the people who voted on their website that tastes isn't the truth just like audience Okay, I've all been told today. What at least we're not in the so today We're just relaxed don't for a lot of them. I should have been point every now and two, three times a month a year In a twist likely to further complicate the prosecution's efforts to convict Michael Jackson a former bodyguard Expected to be a key witness against the pop star is sitting in a lost biggest jail Facing a slew of felony charges stemming from four armed robberies a spokeswoman for the Clark County Nevada District Attorney's office confirmed the Christopher Eric Carter 25 was indebted yesterday on 15 counts including first of week kidnapping verbally robbery course and possession of a firearm by an expelin According to the indictment Carter had been convicted in 2000 in Maryland on drug and escaped charges two years before he went to work for Jackson The victims in the kidnapping counselor targets of the robberies and were patrons inside Ministers who were held against their will according to the indictment the serious quality charges are elected to the Democracy credibility of Carter was testified he witnessed Jackson and his teenage accuser drink alcohol together during airplane flight And he's still got a testify by the rest what they're saying It's probably all these other all these other Got a tear of all these but it's charges, but he still didn't testify look at that only six votes separating fish food from vanilla I mean if you seriously if you're sitting there wherever you are listening to this show right now and you're contemplating your Naval and wondering what's going on with the world and with our state and with the public in general with America What it's become and you look at this fish food number one vanilla only six votes behind WCYM hello WCYM hello QAM yes sir There you go much better there we go Both of them wow it's done with something while I was waiting for you pick up Long time ago when you were talking about fish food Yes, oh and that is so the greatest But the one thing that you said due to me is I don't know man It you say give me like a tremendous aesthetic I don't know maybe it's the sugar something in it yeah because it's so rich that is correct that is absolutely correct You got a very good point. It's very very very rich. It is very good, but it's very very very You can't you can't eat the whole pint in like you know Yeah, I just got it over like 10 minutes, you know, he did He did a little bit. I mean I get I get I feel like I Oh yeah, that's correct sure I you bet yeah That's right. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I always use people wasting their time with drugs You're high a lot cheaper. I think they've figured it's cheaper. That's right. All right Neil. I'm gonna go to a hike and get that Q say it right palicula Q you can do it. I guess I'm gonna have to put that in my 360 here All right, then there's only a indicator tube And just in case you didn't like that Fairer get fairer get fairer get fairer get do fairer That kind of little little variation on the thing tube 560 your favorite ice cream. This is the last of this current series that we show is on food Okay, all week long. We did food. We've had a pretty good week here this week right painless a lot of food. No ice cream though Yet 100 you ice cream. I just you know what it would have it would have to be a listener or Yeah, why not and then you'll notice nobody said carvel. Thank God Right right Well, that's because it says ice cream. Nobody said very queen All I'm really shocked that like bastard Robbins has got to mention I'm sure they got some of the exclusive flavors that other places don't that would be a Bastard Robin's flavor no mentions yet WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey I was watching the The You know the entertainment Cherry Shive or show but a couple days in a shone entity had a The brother on there and he was trying to make it out to be like good the ex husband or the husband had caused our injury Right This is something they just invented in the last couple of days out of desperation. Yeah, and Channe He loved it and he just yeah Handering to them and I agree with you now you get rid of cherry on MSNBC I Is it is unbelievable you Watching well, so it's really something the group that they've jumped into bed with and meanwhile then that I think the most telling Pull was a one among e-crisis and evangelicals and it's like four out of five or whatever the percentage was Three out of four Don't agree with this even they realize that this is totally in our it's unacceptable this political pandering is gonna blow up in their face Well, what gonna happen is when when it's all said done that they the shelliter will start blaming the Republican Congress Could it didn't get this done so nobody wins and well Well the Democrats are so weak need anyway that don't I can I now they could make political he out of anything so yeah Good luck good luck to us. Good luck. Thanks, Sally But there's one of these survivors from the shooting MSO and And I don't need to analyze what was what was bothering that kid, you know, what to do Too many guns, basically America crazy people would guns everybody in their brother last till two three weeks That Shooting's everywhere Not John Everything we just read that the purposeful life right It's stopping me from smelling medicine and read the Bible that said stop an Nvidia games in Maryland Mancin read the Bible and cut the crap with it and read that purposeful life. What's not to like couldn't hurt Because we got it's the peddling that you know he needs some more cash 82 to 74 Ben and Jerry Spikthoo is cleaning to a slim lead over vanilla this is one of the tight elections We've ever ever had you know very very close to vanilla wins. It's gonna be I think I'm I think I'll take tomorrow off You know tomorrow is good Friday by the way Happy Easter today. I hope you roll all your eggs in the right there place Happy Easter how can you say happy Easter? This a little I mean you do say that but yeah Happy crucifixion. You say that very Easter not good 11 13 at five 60 w Q a a I'm sure by now you ought to be familiar with our main man Anthony Kelly and order sentence capital mortgage don't forget before you call any other mortgage company Let the main man tell you what you don't know most banks only work with three different mortgage products And if you're credit is less than absolutely perfect Absolutely get ready to hear this the most famous two letter word name this language is what you're gonna hear Oh, and oh if you're not working with the right lend of the chances for getting approved our fitting city at best So do yourself a favor call now one triple eight four eight three loan and get to need a new looking for that's one triple eight four eight three loan And let the main man and this team put you into mortgage and meet your needs a boy going to the wrong lender Maybe being turned out because you called the wrong number Called the main man at acceptance capital mortgage today one eight eight eight four ray three loan What the josh and the Miguel did yesterday eight eight eight four eight three loan and every time they close alone Apportion is donated the kids industry why would you want to call anybody else aboard the maintenance rich kids? Did you want call the main man Anthony Kelly and do today at one eight eight eight four eight three loan Oh Shout his wine in my hands. Now Got a way you know what to do. It's number one. That's what you think. 1118 at 566 surprise. Thank goodness the good news is fish food is hanging on to nation'sly man. It will not relent. 87. What is it got? Paper and ice cream flavor. 87. 12. What is it? 12. How sad. Ben and Jerry's. 32. I see Jerry García is like I mean granted it's got Jerry's. So you see vanilla, chocolate and almost strawberry are like two three and four. Like the appallant. It's basically the public saying well we got 80 million great flavors out there. We need fabulous. But we're just a funny buddy. It's not a good one. It's a good one. That's one of the very favorite among the dark complicated folks. Ben and Jerry's near Superfootest on 29. Cook Edo 27. Horrible. Rocky Road 25 for statue 19. Hogg and Doel City LH-17. It's like water. It's ice cream. Now those are the spat people. All of us have done it. You buy a half gallon of big tub of ice cream. You can do something rash immediately. You're ready to hold half gallon. And so you run into the kitchen and you run it under the water. And then throw it out. Because it renders it in edible. See? No. No but you. And by the way I'm doing all the wrong spots here because the pressure with this thing coming up a new one. I'm just crumbling out of the pressure. I don't know what to do. You see what I'm saying? Anyone in the white because I would not that I'm going to hurry to get out of here but I was in the new hour. So I guess I'll have to make good the other dialometrist in the first break in the new now. See what I'm saying? You got 12 o'clock in the head. Yeah that's right. The 12 o'clock is not my match because it's a big deadline. Which is stick back to the shoe or not. That's the question. Even Shakespeare would be impressed by that. So anyway I'll make that good. Of course you don't care anywhere because you're not paying any attention. Because you're, you know, you've still got a buzz on from all that food yesterday. And the day before those six takes. It was good. Fish food 87, vanilla 76, chocolate 45, but Ben and Jerry's cherry rc of 33, butter pickant 31, super punch, $2.29, cookie. I just got through reading all these. Strawberry 15, coffee, coffee, crunch 11. Oh man you've got to go with it. Coffee 9, 80's chocolate peanut for 8, he far crunch 8, Bryers Oreo 7, rum raisin 6, Nestle's turtle has got six. Some please this time you found it. Nice going. Cookies and cream five, Neopalton 4. Carmel Sutra Ben and Jerry's three, Rires score three. That's the answer. That is the correct answer to the question. Ben and Jerry's everything but the two Ben and Jerry's have baked one, public turtle one, Starbucks a month by one. Ben and Jerry's concession obsession on an EDA, EDA's Conan Allen none. Do you think it's concessioner as a confession of session I would think? And that's some more likely to you. We could look it up. What does it mean concession of session? We'll find out. WCW AM Hello. Yeah hey Neal. Yes sir. One for the poll, strawberry cheesecake. Oh yeah that's pretty interesting. And one question? Not for that one. Do you a poll that how many people are not going to call Jenny? Okay here's one right here. Yeah. Thanks a lot Pally. Call Jenny. Check her cake. She's squealing. That's bad cow curse. The always squealing through that spot. With a giant purple temp that she's wearing. And she's wearing this place. But they've accused the court order. The court order is as an abuse against Terry. And this is Michael Shavos attorney by the way. We don't care about him. We want to hear from Judge. What's his name? Greer. Nice concession of session. Is it really? It is. Well I don't like that name. We better call up Ben and Jerry in some of the change in the Concession obsession. I guess I want to piss off the Catholics. But wouldn't it be good wouldn't it? Sure. In other words it's so obviously good that it's like that. It would be a sin. Of course they don't know where you're going to smear it. W2AM. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Good evening. Whatever it is. Whatever it is. I'm confused. Call stone. Cake batter ice cream. Absolutely. Ooh. It sounds really intriguing to me. I hope I didn't find it. Nice. I did it. Wait a second. Did I say that it's mentally turtle is available somewhere around South. Well I'm in the because it's got six most. I know in and unless they're from my Canada or somewhere around. Somebody once called months ago and said that they found it somewhere. But you have to like search for it. It's really interesting. Yeah. Nobody knows they need to let it nowhere. Okay. Thanks, Kyle. We got only 20 to 37 minutes until noon when they were fined out about the final resolution of that. You. I can't imagine if the judge says no way Jose that they think they will have exhausted all of their appeals, all of their avenues. I must say just storm the place and go into and start like smear and water all over her. You know. God. Why can't she just like like the husband says let her die with dignity and peace leave her alone already. Stop what is three ring circus. That's all the media knows that's all American knows every even Barnum and Bailey and ringling brothers are embarrassed. Everything's got to be a friggin' three ring circus in the USA. God. Enough already. Let's stick to important things like ice cream. Right. 32 a.m. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. I'm so glad to hear that you're a lady listening to us every day, but I didn't forget to call. Okay. Construction of sessions is like construction stand and the movie beer. Like there's a construction stand. There's all the junk. Oh. I said, just a few seconds. Okay. Let's make it. And all that doesn't even matter if it's to it doesn't even matter anymore. Really? Because of the new flavors. Okay. Once you find it, you'll hate me forever on chocolate therapy from Ben and Jerry. Okay. Okay, he's the Deepest Starcler. Oh, it's chocolate chocolate chocolate. Wow. It's great. You'll love it. Is it even is it darker than Sydney Pachin? Why is more like the coffee he's bar crunch time really? Oh, no, it's it's dark and it's got cookie pieces in it and it's Forget it. I don't know how long you have to put it in the microwave for about you. They have a long name flavor For forty nine seconds forty nine seconds. Yeah, probably vintage here is now. What is it again? Cough chocolate one therapy chocolate therapy. Hmm. I'll need it. Thanks You want me to. Oh, thanks. Thanks Neil. Thanks five. Thank you, Baba. Chocolate therapy. How do you like that? 35 minutes and counting Can you handle the pressure Can I read a real quickie here? Please not real long. It's not real quick. President Bush's intervention for Terry Shabbo is open old wounds in Texas Where death penalty of potency is words of support for a culture of life ring hollow After so many executions during his time is governor of that state We're said he stepped into the Shabbo case because the US should have a presumption and favor of life But there were 150 to executions in Texas during his administration including seven which the Congress guilt was in doubt Critics said it's hit hypocrisy at thousand levels at university Houston law professor and death penalty defense attorney David Dow I saw many many cases where there was substantial doubt above of a someone was guilty Or whether the death penalty was the appropriate sentence, but he never said a word Said David at would head of the Texas Coalition against the death penalty. I really can't say that he cares about life Well, we know about that he already sacrificed over 1500 young Americans in Iraq and thousands and thousands of Iraq He's not you mentioned ones were gonna come back in a vegetative state or at least close to it missing body parts all of these things But hey America just you know they were all over and played in just stick that to wherever makes you happy and we'll have a smile on our push 26 after 11 at 5 60 WC and the Amol Coast is Florida's number one aging gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat restaurant refused to pick in a great food Now every night you can enjoy crab fest featuring a last-kin snow crab legs golden crab Jonas Stone crabs and crab cakes the menu of course still includes hot-fungentest crab fresh oysters on a half-shell and a great sushi bar with over 30 Different items and additionally our most host has handcar primary been from their flaming grill New York sticks hook just the way you want them top off your dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain We can hand if you're own strawberries marshmallows and other decked and treats as well Don't forget the Amol Quest for won't tell me living no crab no MSG no corn starch they cook everything only with cholesterol free canola oil So book your reservations for the seat of Sunday one of our most three locations sunrise sunny house beach and pepper pines call nine five four Five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two Laugh the Amitators out there, but there's nothing even close to the Amol Coast Chinese buffet Or even loves New Yorkers Back in the day when someone done a strong We didn't say they're crap in Pearl Harbor or when the judge dropped their box We bummed them now the sunny is They hit us hard and on our hearts are little flat sweet Had that dissonant in running retired voice of ours At other� Vic needs the Americans where they follow rules like And I go ahead and say, I'm the three, they got this country. And the late boys to bargain, say, tonight is still a breeze. I don't want to be a tax-amaran. In the US, say, me. What's a few thousand innocent lines stop living in the nest? If you want that issue, me to drive, you've got to be more gasped. It's like the greatest country is alone. They train us to food and anyone who says that obviously, and afford to be. So to move out in Paris to be an America, where we take free all of the police, where the flag is with our hand in the sand, and lightly follow the powers that we have to take. And that's our favorite country. It's on a 65-inch screen, scratcher, five, everything's okay. In the US, say. It's on a 33-27-27-27 counting down a second. So you got the ticker gone? Great. And no one will fight out the latest, and maybe the last tank goodness about the tube, right? Yes. Yes. Well, they got nothing else they can do. They're short ago when they were dragging around. You know they'll be talking about this for the next. I was going to say dragging around kicking and screaming, but I don't think I'll get that response. Speaking of all of this, Republicans gone wild. Listen to that article. It's not very long from bus-clashed by PM Carpetor, PM and the AM. There's definitely not a good PM and the AM. There is no better or more accurate way to say it. The Republican Party has gone absolutely surdifiably, not. It went officially bananas upon declaring in the small hours of Monday morning on national emergency and the sad that exhaustively adjudicated case of Terry Chabo. That much was obvious when the party chucked its last vestiges of state's rights principles and respect for separation of powers in the anything for the religious right pot of electoral gold. Republicans blatant-horing at the order of slaughtered ideals and political opportunism was so conspicuous as to make its examination your only tire-assumably redundant, so let's not bother. What we should bother ourselves with however is the truly bothersome and it seems growing emotional instability of these congressional Republicans which any rational outlooker my character rises this. Folks on the verge thus we are on the verge given that they were in charge of a political nervous breakdown. The result of too much heavy success from too much grovelling to too many narrow interests. The stress of so much power coupled with insatiable ambition is showing. One of their own represented Donald Man Zulow, Illinois, in close to party self-agnosis when he opined, I have been here 13 years and I have never seen anything like this before. And that's coming from man who is lived to the manufactured government shutdown hysteria, the manufactured impeachment hysteria, the manufactured Iraq hysteria, and all the other manufactured hysteria is to which we as an instrument subjected since the grand old party began its study of residenency. And looking back one can see that residenency was in no small part due to its study of orchestrated hysteria. The skies have regularly fallen and democratic democracy put a grave risk because Hillary misplaced a file or build out his jolly or John Tostomental or the unohoo elite man Christmas or you take your pick. You can see you are watched by the GOP for arging us with some newly revealed outrageous liberal escapade, each and every one manufactured and distract from the less from the less than the purposeful goal of unfettered political power. We are not to notice as the ruling party deepens a grotesque, mounting national debt in its pursuit of an assessed any social programs or as it finances a class war for imputocracy and a grave freedom political machine are from less the fantasy of it democratically performing Middle East to justify a fraudulent invasion. To notice as only to buy into the vast liberal media's propaganda's ways. We are, however, expected to slow when the ruling party positively dripping with selflessness, snatched into blacks no running exceedingly personal private and local legal matter. We are expected to slow because this game has worked for the Charlton so many times before, but this found the great majority of Americans 70% according to an ABC news fool noticed what was not intended to be noticed, the naked hipocracy, the sheer opportunism, the downright shabby speckery all of it all. The scene from Sunday night, Monday morning's house floor debate was reminiscent of Frederick March's Matthew Harrison Brady, William Jennings' Brian on the witness stand and inherit the wind. A bunch of imbicetic blowhars puffing with faint morelistic fervor, all of its devoted to buying favoritism on the cheap with torch burning zealots. The only difference was Matthew Harrison Brady actually believed in what he was selling. Just to balance off the forest with drama as Varty Frank is, as Henry Drummond Clarence D'Royce, asking an effect as Henry Drummond did. What are you guys nuts? Yep. Now we're standing the satisfaction that comes from seeing reparates, give what they deserve in the form of a disapproving public. It's not something almost sad about watching today's GOP, a party with a long and noble tradition, makes such a fool of itself. No, not after what it's put us through. He writes. We're waiting man. Supreme Court said, no to the issue. And now we're waiting another twenty two and a half minutes. That's not that we're counting seconds or anything like that. For George Greer over there another west coast, the decide to insert or not to insert. Let DC have to spirit her out of there. I think the governor of the take her home. We can probably have a pretty good conversation with her. You know what I think she's on his level at this stage. Don't you think? Yeah. Man. But it's really, it's very comforting to see that he and his friends in the house on the state house have had time from all of this to watching this to see her watching. To take care of minutes and try to like give the class to slots in there, which is not what you people voted on. But hey, he never wants you to get what you voted on. Student class size is got his previous plan and the same with this. You don't have a government floor. You've got a dictator is what you've got a lunatic. Just like this Eric, I just read. You've got a start waving nuts crazy. And the media reports are very doodafly. And like this is a way it's supposed to be. And like they're all these very serious issues. Yeah, right. Let's get back to important things like ice cream. That's the way it's supposed to hang in on by 13, baby. I'm just afraid that I want to show ends. I want these other interlopers get on area like later in the day and overnight that vanilla is going to go. Just like cream rising to the top. Like a collar said before, it's like frozen milk. That's vanilla ice cream. It has virtually no taste. None. It's vanilla. And like I said, it has no taste. And the definitive proof today is like like the so called soft served. Did you get like a dairy queen? Yeah. Or like a car valve. The car valve's got something. They got chocolate and they got strawberry. They got some interesting. Not good, but interesting flavors. But like vanilla. Does it have any taste whatsoever? No. And like I've told you for years, that's why McDonald's is number one. And vanilla, trust me when I tell you, we'll be number one too. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. On my 60th. You're a loser. You're a loser. What's the problem? What's the problem? What's the problem? No, I'm good. With a moral message about the sin of gambling. Ah, I should know. No one knows more about moral question. Ah, values. Ah, turn my phone. Ah, you're governor. Ah, a life fool. No, what's the best car he wants to tell? What are lives? I have thoughts, smoking up his pipe. What's up, hurt cheap tighter in the tank? Ah, he asked me to install his wisdom upon you. Ah, gambling. Ah, here's a sin. Ah, according to his vision and a Bible. Ah, unless of course it's in us fooling to see no, that takes a path of how he wants. Ah, then it's okay. Ah, oh, how on behalf of my holy father. This is no help, but say no. Thank you. Oh, go. Oh, go. Ah, you're a waste. You're fair. 16 to a new. Maybe that's why I said the relates so much to Terry. I think maybe it in the wells got some new with it. Could be. Yeah. Sashers, chat, our shafken rights, common dreams, Doug or I'm asking the theater cons. Miguel's going to have a nervous break. No, there's no ice cream that came in. So we can't, you know, eat. Did you get how he's dead? At least. No, I'm going to get something though. Yeah, I'm sure you're going to get something all right. What does that mean? I just have like, uh, I've got any. You're going to impose on Brad again to bring in Tonys. I mean, uh, I'm sure he would. He would. Since you said that was as good as it gets. I agree with that. His stuff is really outstanding. Yes, it is. I'm asking the Theocons. Sashers rights. The intrusion of America's leading Republican politicians into the tragic dilemma facing Terry Shavo and her family speaks volumes about how deeply they become, beholding the religious right. Prishing aside time-hundred advocacy for limited government and state sovereignty at the behest of a crash and turtle memo advertising a great political issue that the pro-life face will be excited about. Congressional Republicans in President Bush instead used a moment to play Christian conservatives their most dramatic homage to date. The foremost political players in this drama, President Bush, Tonryle and Bill Frist, bring a pungent mix of raw ambition, blatant agendas, and inconsistencies on the issues and questions that paint their flowery pieties that they distinctly fishy odor. Down in the trenches, besides lawyers from the Family Research Council in American Center for Law and Justice, founded by James Thompson and Pat Robertson respectively, with moral support from Dawson, Jerry Falwell and Burke Balk of the National Right to Life Foundation, Republican leaders are bringing a new face to their party that progressive should be hitching to one mask. Indeed, the grubby spectacle of House Majority Leader Tom Delay tried to resurrect his reputation by a force-feeding a woman who has been a vegetative for 15 years has had the opposite effect of the intended effect on most Americans. An ABC pull on Monday found out only that 70% of those surveyed nationwide found Congress's involvement in appropriate, but that by March in the 679 to 19% they believe that the politicians trying to keep her live or motivated by more biological advantages and concerns for her. Among Catholics, support for removing Shavos feeding CHEAR! It stood at 63 to 26% that's for removing. Among Conservatives 54 to 40, and even among evangelicals 46 to 44. And granting standing in federal court to any parent of Theresa Marie Shavos provided the remarkable new law passed last weekend, Delay first in the present wracking and behalf of a minority within a minority of even their supporters. The face of the Theo Khan power brokeers the notion that the whole of the Republican Party in such stroll has up to the present and carefully shielded from the spotlight. At their New York City convention last fall, the Republicans offered their prime time-poting to a series of social moderates such as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rudy Jolienni and John McCain who once referred to the religious writers forces of evil while persuading the Theo Khan to take a temporary vaccine. Since Bush's reelection, they've openly been claiming their dues. When Arnold's specter questioned the prospects of an anti-Rosophene court nominee, a furious campaign led by James Dawson nearly cost him the chair of the Senate's Unissuary Committee. Dawson settled for specter's humiliating public pledge to support Bush's judges, mostly meant to send her to be taking his new position on a very short leash. In a letter to support her several weeks later, Dawson threatened to put system-acquired senators in the bullseye and a battle of enormous proportions from sea to shining sea if they've lost conservative opponents to the Supreme Court. For all their moral clarity, the hardball players of the Republican Theo Khan wing have often been embroiled in ethical controversy. While Tom Delays fundraising scams and abuses of power are widely known, ties between Bill Fritz, financial and family, interest in the AC at hospital chain, and medical of malpractice, tort and tort reform legislation champion have mostly slept under the radar. Ralph Reed, the former director of the Christian Coalition, and a control of Bush's 2004 campaign in the Southeast was denounced due to day by the conservative Communist David Brooks for accepting $4 million from Kessino-rich Indian tribes to finance a campaign against gambling. The ascendancy of Theo Khan says already causing fault lines to merge within the Republican Party. The Republican Party of Lincoln has become a party of theocracy, lamented Kinetic and moderate Chris Shays. Progressive should not allow the Republican leadership to hide behind fuzzy, pull tested phrases about a culture of life or the wonder-working power of prayer. They should be forced to again and again choose between the Theo Khan power brokers and the rest of the American public. Senator Fritz should be forced to explain just how AIDS can be transmitted through saliva or tears, which he refuses to admit is not possible. President Bush should be asked over and over just when he converted between signing in 1999 Bill, allowing Tests' hospitals to pull the plug and the present. As the Shive Occased Rags on, progressive should even have enough faith in the American people to take a principal stand. Even with minorities in both houses of Congress, Democrats can force Republicans to count how a few more times to the people who stay up at night protecting our children from SpongeBob Squarepants and Tiki, who will let a winky of the tellotubby. Americans do not appreciate the sort of spectacle being played in our Congress in our courts and will appreciate even less the young mass faces of those behind it. Nice going in the SciShow. We got 10 minutes to go until the end of the day. You can do a time. That's right. You've heard of T-time. This is the T-stands for you. That's what it stands for. What is it? Two times. That's right. 560, 1050, 5056, get it over with already in Stopped this dog and pony show. It's disgusting. It's up in the Nuscious. And the media is always there. It's a feeding frenzy. They're going just as crazy as the right wingers man. They're folding it to mouth. Here's Pat Mahalini. Here's this one. Here's that one. Here's Bill Frist again. Kind of a name is that anyway. Bill Frist. Huh? Frank the Lord. There's some good news tonight. There you go. Pat Mahalini is pulled 14 voice ahead of vanilla. See at least this audience. At least we got some people out there with a little bit of taste. Who's taste buds are still functioning. I understand that we're using live and Florida for a period of time. It's very difficult. You know, to taste anything. To feel anything. Kind of like Terry. She should be like the she should be the postage child for the whole state. We're numb. Have it a QA and hello. How are you doing sir? Pretty good. Telling. It was God willing the first place for her to slip into the coma. Was it? I see that. Yes. Second of all. Take the two foot on eBay and nine minutes of the go on eBay. Right. Not a bad idea, baby. Anybody want that to. eBay. I mean, if the judge says no way Jose. I mean, we had a sum with it. Eight minutes and a half in counting. Oh, this is exciting. There's misses of our slim ball. And then once again, go ahead and reorder the reenperson of that. Two. Keep going on. I was so excited before. I'm going to do today. I think it's a good. It is like a circus. Everything is a circus. I was never big on the circus. You got that smell. Elephant smell. Oh, circus. The shows we did not forget about circus circus. Those shows we did at the. Oh, Georgia member. Oh, my, the flea market. The swap shop. Oh, boy. We did shows on the swap shop on the stage. And they had the elephants right there in front of us and all that saw dust. You know, any elephant ring. And of course, you know, within the saw dust, which I can mention on the ear. But, oh, man, somebody took a dump in here. Is all I'm thinking. Somebody took a nasty. Anyway, it's look at this. Now, how are we going to do this? I think we ought to take the break a little bit early. You know it. Oh, for twelve o'clock. Well, because you know that they're going to make. We might need a drum roll and the whole deal. Yeah, we can't miss this. This is going to be. This is almost as good as Michael walking in the court in his PJs. You're always a real ranchwax. It looks good. Two. Two. Two. Two. And I like grabbing my smelly grill ass with soap made from juice. And listening to the new roke, I'm going to use the hour. See guys. Hey, anybody has a pain. Disenthing from our way. You've heard your patient name and food that she is now. I've been to the sea of the steins. Don't even cover to question. Just follow who don't say. Everybody's planning on. Not just you, but stay. It's the act of victory. It's a... It was a guard of you. Everyone got the fastening. So much, what you knew. This act is for me, John. And all you find is food. It's for each other and they, John. As I should say. Get out of here, those who. And listen to them all those too. Believe everything we've been to. And the state will run you. Let war for the friend. We're left your husband. A robin, tiny bush bear. That has to be a safe. We don't find you. See our God's soul. Our God and none of these food. No, we're not the David by J. Don't be so stupid. We're all the warriors with the. The fact of marriage in way. Everybody's burning. I guess you will stay. I'm done. It's 11.58. Happy Thursday to you. Welcome to it. We got Curtis for what's his name for a more Howard Davided at two. Man, dog at four. 650 Marlins on deck. Marlins exhibitionist with the Houston and Kissimmee 705. Any K. Pugging his guts out 10 o'clock tonight. We had that said get that thing going. Although CNN went into a commercial break. Obviously. Well, it's not new. That's why I took the break early because I know that everybody out there is real whipped up about that. You. Yeah. I mean, this is the going on for 15 years. And all of a sudden with all the other real issues going on in the world. Would people pay an $80 a gallon for gas? Would people that can't afford their medicines? We're trying to decide whether to have lunch today or take their pills. And in the meantime, we're worried about Terry because Governor Fatt asked tells us, because they'll present in detail. This isn't because Bill Frist tells us. And Tom Delay says, well, this is sure a lot better than any more hearings about my illegal activities. It's said it went so on. And even let me say again, even the fundamentals don't agree. A majority, a strong majority disagree with his crap. I have to government stick in their nose. But I have a feeling. There's curalline. It's better to say that. You feel like it's going to be that. Well, it's not a fine. Wait, I'll care about wolf school wolf. I know if he's going to be that. Right now, I'm talking about our news. We have that. It's a free report with users to get involved in the theory of chival. Okay. And we know that. Any minute now, though. Any minute. Any minute. Any minute. Any minute. All the plans to weigh in. So if you have a phone call, I'll call you back. You have to get back. You have to get back. You don't care about it. That's what's wrong with that. Okay. That's what's wrong with you. That's what's wrong with you. That's what's wrong with you. That's what's wrong with you. The video. Okay. I'm going to care about that. The 2014 Deaf people in the winter. Okay. What's that guy's going to be with Terry and her. That's cute. Right. Good. Good. Good. First, I got from the headlines to share with you. I mean, people who are both going to never come to the conference. Yeah. Curtis Dan, everybody's going to work. Curtis Dan is going to have a nice day. No. Don't care. There's a little behind him. He's going to have to get back to the conference. That's a really curvy. A lot of people. He's going to have a nice day. He's going to have a nice day. He's going to have a nice day. He's going to have a nice day. He's going to have a nice day. This is what Frost asked. If the judge says, he's going to, no, seriously. I understand that most press conferences, they show the microphones. Then the reporters getting impatient. Every press is there are press conference that has ever been held on time in a history of mankind. No. Every press conference. It says, well, there's the 8,000 microphones. And there's the podium. And we're waiting. It's like some kind of a game they play. You know, is if they, they're watched don't work. But it would seem to me that a judge, oh, and look at that. Look who's back. It's almost $50,000 from the state of Georgia and law enforcement agencies. No, wait. Look at the many series and the movie comes out. The screen play. Just wait. You go, girl. And then she's probably going to like cool off the Rob book with at the figure, with at the power of positive, negative, whatever. Oh, okay. When you get with it, the audience is there on the kids of their seats. That's that. That's that. Okay. This is what we call the police. I don't know where we stand. We don't. We're not standing. We're just about on the top. We're not standing. We're just about on the top. Cut the crap. State judge in Florida on the last legal audience. Judge Korea. App's for Terry Shive was parents and there's a producer. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Standing by in Washington outside the US Supreme Court. But, right. Now, why don't we care about the US Supreme Court. They're going to turn it down. Why didn't we talk about rehashing, huh? Well, they're just going to keep her. You're milking it. Dual city, LHA, baby. They last minute developments. The judge here, judge George Greer. Yeah. Just made several decisions. The most important one is he has continued his denial of the States efforts to try and take custody of Terry Shive. In other words, he continues to deny the ability to take custody. This is the only one where the agents of the State agency were closed by. But, never made their move because of court action. That action remains in place. Secondly, he denied a petition that would allow access to probate records and which there were charges for a flimsy charges according to many critics of abuse on the part of Michael Shive and Terry Shive, before she died. And lastly, he left one evidence here he hearing to go. And that is the one awesome neurologist Dr. Cheshire, who was cited by Governor Bush. Yesterday, his analysis of Terry Shive was conditioned will be considered by the judge. Now, Cheshire is one who says that she is not in a persistent, vegetative state, but she is in something less. That is evidence that would be provided that bite-free use of a successful. In this by way, the Dr. Never Examiner. Reinserting the feeding, too. But, too, if you come under quite a competitive criticism, Dr. Cheshire won. Because he only had a cursory examination of Terry Shive, and we were also pointing out that he had a wrong association with the so-called right to life movement. Most legal options begin seem to begin to run out as far as the family is concerned. And we will set the setting to them the Supreme Court denial of that. So, on the other hand, this still ain't over. It'll never be over. Even when you hit him in a box, huh? It's the never ending story. Oh, I'm just worn out. I feel like I'm just laid out on a floor and you're just screaming. You're fair. Over and over again. Okay, let's get some more ice cream on here. Let's get some more of these fantastic calls. And let's stop dilly dilly. Let's not get sidetracked by this madness. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, only Verizon and singular wireless line. We've been food intensive this week. Monday we did what? Stakes? No. What do we do on Monday? Talon. Talon. Talon. Stakes. Yesterday we did the best pizza in the state, and today we're doing the best ice cream period, not just in the state, but anywhere. This ice cream we're feeling. But there's Pat Mahoney again. Ahh! It's on the stairs! It's on the wall! Oh boy! Maybe he can look for Mr. Eagle. Okay, and they can just have a great life together. Come on in QAM. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. Good. As the atheist Democrat, I've done my part as you always ask the two try to promote chronic. The wisdom to use of America. I did a little experiment, and I sent you to see pictures out the 60 year old ice school principals in the state of Florida. Yep. In this picture, right? I've picked your Georgewood senior right, and it has direct team pregnancy, right? You can't be responsible. It's good to have to you, and I got picked your jet and pushed you here in the bottom of it. You know, not one of those principals ever wrote me a letter back yet. Yeah. I mean, I'm trying to teach them, like, you know, to help prevent teenage pregnant. But you can try, man. You keep working at it. Okay. Don't call me again. How many QAM? Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Yeah. I get away. You can, uh, my photo views and ice cream voters. Yes. Put, uh, I hate always seeing one of the pool. And then those they want to let the do. Yeah, there's probably, there probably is a small percentage of people at our ice cream people. That's a good idea. And, uh, you know, not only of war, we're done with dogs and vegetables, and hey, you'll better get your priority straight now, Mr. You better keep your eye on the queue. They used to say keep your eye on the ball, now it's keep your eye on the queue, right? And enclosing, uh, hammering, you're wrong, feel it. Ha ha ha ha. No, that thing is wrong. 50% of the time, he was, if he must yesterday morning, that was a great performance. The Humper just was emoting on. It's a good thing you got that little sign trip to the Bahamas for a couple days. Give them a calm down. Yeah, that definitely calmed it down. They sounded very metal over there. His punch in his guts on everything that moves, you know, he's an oak tree. Is that, well, what, which leaf is going to hit the ground first? Uh, that's it. They're having a wonderful time. And the beast was playing quarter as we look fortunate. And what a pansy man. Hey, bees. You're fairies. So he person. Maybe he'll get lucky too, or that. Yeah. Oh, yeah. So yeah, Jack wants to tell us about how lucky you got in the Bahamas several times. And the same day is made, effect. I don't know. Frankly, I'm not, I'm really not interested. I mean, you know, maybe that comes as a great shock to you. I'm not really all interested in other people's pecked pillows. I just, I know interest to me. Okay. Are you disappointed? Not really. I mean, Hank is very concerned about it, which I would be concerned about that. But I'm not concerned about it at all. Faber Dyskree, Benager is fish food, 107. Hallelujah. There is a god. And he is. Can you imagine how many more folks who would have had if those people that I turned on the fish we wouldn't have croaked already? Sorry. I apologize. Vanilla 91. Way down to chocolate 50. Oh, so boring. Benageries, cherry Garcia 42. And you know something? I hate to tell you this. But of all the Benageries flavors, that one. Oh, you know what it is? Because they also make a frozen yogurt. Do you ever get to frozen yogurt instead of the ice cream? Yeah. The frozen yogurt when you put pop it in a microwave and you put a little bit of a little bit of a little on the water inside. Ooh. Not good. Anyway, looped it. Yeah, I think that happens when you're new get. Have you ever nuked fish food? No. You never nuked it. For 48 seconds. I scream. Well, you're an idiot. That's the way to enjoy it. Okay. That's why you can't eat gallons of it at a time like I can. You're nuked, man. It gets suggested that right creamy consistency. And it just goes down so great. And I guarantee you right now fish food never gets watery. Okay. Real great ice cream does nuk it watery. And you want to know why? Because it doesn't have a high water content. Anyway, unlike cogniz, which is soil, butter can 37. Beninjiri's New York Superfudge Tug, the chunk, chunk 33. Cookie know 33. Oh, this is Rocky Road 31, for statue 23, strawberry 17. Pulling on there. I hate ice cream, please. Okay. And as Dulce de la Ché 17, watery. Your eyes will keep our crunch 13, rum raisin 13. Coffee 12. Yeah. Well Beninjiri and Hagen also makes just a plain coffee ice cream. As opposed to Starbucks that makes 87 different flavors of coffee. Nobody so far than one even cares about it. Beninjiri's coffee coffee crunch now there is an ice cream. That's got 12. And you know something? That one won't get watery. Unless you nuked too long, which you ought to be shot if you do that. No, I will not get watery. If you ever had Beninjiri's coffee coffee crunch? Nope. No. And what about you? No. I have such an utter feeling of helplessness and dismay in despair. I'm talking about ice cream with a couple of novices. A couple of beginners. Ice cream. Oh, we don't have any of time in our day to be trying all these different kinds of ice cream. Your full of crap. Cookie's in cream 11. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We have no time in your day. Give me a break. Why the busy chasing Josh's mother run a hallway there. I heard about it. Same on you. Any chocolate peanut butter nine, Rires Oreo nine. By the way, it's a nice scam. She's got there. She's on a payroll. She don't do nothing. Cold stone, cake batter ice cream. 7. You know something that sounds so disgustingly good. I just, I don't know. My blood sugar probably just went up 50 points. So that sounds really good. It's a good. I know if it is, but boy, that sounds as opposed to cookie. You know, cookie dough doesn't even sound good. Does it? Oh, man. It sounds nasty. It's like, you know the cookies that you buy frozen the frozen thing. You're slicing and you put them on the pan. You put them in the oven. Yeah, cookie dough. Right. Well, that's what I'm trying about. It's like any of that raw before you put in the oven. Right. It's like a kid's ice cream. Because I see cookie dough as a kid. Wow. Whatever. It's bad. And as these turtle seven, nice gone. Ben and Jerry's half baked five. Ben and Jerry's car. What is it? Carmel Sutra five. I just don't like the way it's spelled out. New politics five, Starbucks mud pie four, Fire score four, four score four score or you get that again and I'll tell you the best is the Eskimo pie's with score ice cream. Ben and Jerry's everything, but three. See, I guess it's supposed to be like everything, but the kitchen sink, you find that, whatever, but they never Monday or label. All three. Ben and Jerry's chocolate therapy one, strawberry cheesecake one. Public turtle one. I hate ice cream just went on there. Ben and Jerry's conception of session, don't have any. And E-Vs. Conan Allen. I'm out of votes for E-Vs ice cream today, huh? They used to bring us E-Vs all the time, but quite frankly, yeah. Dominic, you weigh in, hello. Neal died. Yes sir. I know it's catacomored as a butterpacon, but a preleasing cream from home. Oh man, don't eat. Oh not that short. I love preleasing cream. Oh, everything. I also, I've stored this gone. I really enjoy and you've taken these boys to school. It's pretty good. Talk about a couple of green horns, man. It's really something. We had Vegas, there would be a new kind of ice cream. By the way, I was sitting in the car. We can go into the gym listening to you, talk about the ice cream under the hot water. And you know, it's just, it makes you feel like the little bit good after me is such a pig. Yeah, you've done it right. For you all, I'll have the loot with you. There you go. Congratulations, pal. I'll see you down under. Six to seven. They have to everything. Yeah, we're, we're, we're, we're going to die from a pandemic time, at least we can relate. See, I tell these stories new guys think, oh man, what a cow. Yeah, that's right. But hey, look, I mean, that's me. I can't help but I'm addicted to this show. I'm addicted to candy and ice cream. That's it. Ice cream and candy can. I used to be addicted to pasta and ice cream, but I can't eat the pasta. Because it, it sends my ice cream. My blood sugar is soaring. And as much as I love pasta and I really do. I, I pretty much saved my trip to Italy for the pasta binges, but ice cream. That's a whole different story. That could you eat pasta if you cut down on ice cream? Of course not. What did I just get to say? You're saying the pasta gets me, my blood sugar is just soaring. Let me say it again, like I tried to tell you yesterday, when you're going to be fat and diabetic, which you will be if you don't cut the crap. You cannot eat pasta. Can you imagine not being able to win joy pasta? Pizza, ice cream, candy, cookies, candies, all of these. All of these things, huh? And then after you do enough of this bad stuff, you yourself. They started feeding it through a tube. That's right. And I got news for you. Not of us are going to get the governor intervening an arby half. I hear you can bet your life on that. Not that fat ass. Or he will hurt you. You know, something I dislike him. See, the brother is dangerous as he is because he's got his finger on a button and because he's what he is. But the brother can't help it. And that's what he is. But the fat ass governor, I just despise him a thousand times worse than even his brother. Then any of them. And keep in mind that your fat ass governor is a member of peep and peep night. They probably took a no-mark in century, which even though he tries to put on his goodie to choose face to the public, he is really extraordinarily dangerous. VV is and dangerous as opposed to his brother who is dumb, VV is in dangerous. And he's got some VVs plans. 1214 at 5. 16. WQA and hey, after all of this time, there's still some of you out there a little bit nervous about biometrics over the phone. When you call 1-800 mattress, the number for dial a mattress. You'll find out they got the most liberal or stage policy. So there's no risk. Did you know that 1-800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else going? So once you try, you'll never ever go back to a show again. You'll get no nonsense, no run around. No show or shenanigans, no response to the best factory direct prices on the best brands you know and love. So you'll get a lot of money. You'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. So you'll get a lot of money. This is the面se ape You've failed Now it's telling you just a w saber We'll be exact what I better come on boys To miss a Christmas break out Why wouldn't you look like a guy? Tell you why tell us that you will you Is the last day Ram South We're so sorry I'm watching this new clip. Run, Bell. You better give you a big clip. Run, give you a clip. Yeah. You're fair. Twenty-passed note at five, 60W. You come to the judge. Judge Greer says, D.C.F. Ah, don't take her going touch her. Get that a lot of day. Can't have custody of a Terry Butt. This fake doctor is right to life. She's going to come and say, oh, she's minimally conscious. And she's not really an investigative state, even though she's in Florida. And it's sort of a so-on. So it's just never ends. There's always one more piece to the puzzle. It's like the stress and angst and trauma that goes on a QA. It's the same thing. Every time you think, finally, nothing else can possibly happen. And it does. Although I will tell you this, everything's going really hunky. Do I peachy in their rack? It's going as much, you for what say, okay, okay. The students had begun to lay out their picnic for their picnic. And the spring sunshine went a minute packed. There were dozens of them armed with guns and they poured into the park. Alley, all, all, all, all, all, all, all. All, all, all, all, all, all. All, all, all, all, all. All, all, all, all, all. All we funny one. The engineering student organized together, bringing buzzer said, a picnic. I guess like an Iraq isn't a picnic. They started shouting in us that we were in Laurel that were meeting boys and girls together and playing music. And that was against Islam. Maybe end shooting in the air in people's screen. Then was one order that began beating us with their sticks and rifle butts. Standing over them as the blows rained out was a man who gave the order dressed in dark Terrible Garb and wearing a black turban. Alley recognized him immediately as a follower of Moqqat al-Sadr, the radical sheer cleric. Alley realized then that the armed men were members of Al-Sadr's many army, a private militia that fought American forces last year. And it's now enforcing its own firebrand version of Islam. The picnic had run follow theselamist towers and increasing the whole sway in the flyblown southern city where religious militias ruled the streets, forcing women to down the veil and closing down shops that sell alcohol or music. In the election in January the battle between secular and religious forces in Bosra came down to the ballot box. The main sheer alliance triumphed with 70% of the provinces vote most of the rest going to a secular rival. That victory has brought to a head the issue whether Iraq's new constitution will adopt Islamic law or Sharia as much religious sheer leaders desire. In Bosra however Islamic militias already began to apply their own version of that law, but not authority from above or any challenge from the police. Students say that there was nothing spontaneous about the attack, police were guarding the picnic in the park as it's customary to any large public gathering, but allowed the armmen in without any resistance. One brought a video camera to record a simple spectacle of the picnic footage of which was laid to release to the public as a warning to others. It showed images of one girl struggling as a gunman ripped her blouse off leaving her half naked. Well some of these pictures to your parents so they can see how you were dancing naked with men, a gunman told her, two students who went to a were shot one in the lake of the other twice in the stomach. The latter was said to have died of his injuries. Fellow students say that the girl later committed suicide. Another girl who was severely beaten around the headluster side. Another next thing to go away. Oh, we're sorry. Iraq, baby, everything's going great. I'll ride. It's worth it. You know what? Oh yeah. Well worth it. I'm ready to disappoint. But this, you know, I've been holding this one off as kind of the last in this group of polls on food. And I thought this would be the frosting on the cake. This would be exciting because there's so many really fabulous bizarre. You know, years ago, it was. It was vanilla chocolate butter-pican strawberry and the opalant. That was it. That was ice cream. Made even the wounds ago back in the day. But now, like when you go into the supermarket, there's any zidin kinds of ice cream in a freezer. Right? There is. When you go to Bastard Robbins, you're going to like a really good ice cream drink which they are. And you got like tubs and tubs and all these neat and stiffy and fantastic and wild and great tasting flavors that do a tense. Because I'll see on your taste buds. What? I'm telling you. Jesus. I mean, if anybody enjoyed that from like it is well, why not? Tells wrong with you. Don't get it. I'll go to the bathroom. That's why. I love the Zanya. WCOM. Hello. Alright. Okay, listen down. I'm like you. I'm really just getting tired of hearing about this. I live in a wet coat. I live in like 10 miles away from the parents house. And just the other day, I like to clean me. I wake up over there and what makes me bored to take about the whole thing is the score that people that are lined up outside and people out for which candles and singing of all my ball. I mean, yeah. About the neighborhood, I'm kind of the shoot. I mean, what does like 10 cops out there. You know, make a sure note that. I'm just kidding. I mean, I just can't believe the line of people that are choked in the lake. Yeah. You say, if I caught a dude, if they're sitting at their feet, if he's just all in my wall and they got their kicked out there, you know, get so need to be involved with this kind of self. You know, I pity us in this statement. I really do. I moved from Fort Lauderdale to the left to get away from the crazy people and now they're all coming over here. I mean, some time and speaking crazy bro. Good luck to you, pal. I'll take for you. Okay. I'll sing a song. I'll say a prayer for her. I'll let a candle. Okay. Just like the Christopher's used to do, I'll let a candle. It's better. And what they say of a slogan. It's better than cursing the darkness to light just one candle. Or you can let a candle and curse the darkness. How do you like that? I like to roll on a rack. She's probably cursing the darkness now. I would think, WQAM, hello. 2 am. Any eye to it today? Pretty good. And you know, I'm like, you know, I punch like that over at coconut creak. And a hard rock once in a while. And do you believe that that many people are going to actually go to the dog track that many more now or high light? To four just because of the swath. Do you think that there's changing a tenet so much? Yes. Let me see this. If they didn't have gambling at the hard rock, how many people would be there? Nobody. Okay. Just thanks for answering your question. I mean, Josh would be there because he goes there to get drunk. Right. And cruised the joint. You know, maybe get lucky or not. Definitely. There you go. He likes to, you know, some of the little Indian princesses is what he likes. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. You're fair. How much? Five, sixty. I mean, Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. Yeah. Nobody's going to come out. I see. Again, people talking about what they don't know. But in this case, he does know. He already does know because obviously he's been out there. He's been the engines. He sees it as packed with people. If he took the gambling out, how many people would be there like all week? About third man. And they all be engines. Come on. Get with it. Stopping. See, this is for a negative negative. That. We're not. Any kind of doing it. If you're governor and legislator or anything into it, it's going to be there. They're killing it before even gets out of the water if they have their way. Thankfully, it looks like the state sent up my like intercede there and prevent them from just burchering this whole thing up. I think if anybody deserves to be impeached beside his brother, the president, I think you're a fine ass governor ought to be impeached. The class size amendment. This business is going on right now trying to like overrule the courts. And then trying to overrule the public on the slot that I refer to. This man has committed more impeachable offenses. He's a madman. The bug the law. Come on. He's that what it is. And in the people of the state of Florida, they look at, oh, Chad, but Chad, he never stole a free train. Yeah, right. And he's got that lovely family too. Crazy person. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Pretty good. What's going on? Much. You know what? It's the start to that's rather than serious. Hi, Bob. Chris. Yeah, that's a good idea. We should come on this planet, you know. I've had one thing working out a lot better in Jenny Craig. Absolutely. You know that. That's not that the studio. I think it's a shot. Okay. 5.670. 5.6. What's that? He said you're a hell of a guy. 5.6. The only Verizon and singer. He said there's a third smell in the studio. I was talking about the elephants and the swaps. I saw the high-sided that you were real hell of a guy. You perked. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I know. All right. All right. I got a two-on-the-pole. Two flavors. We haven't had a flavor rest since Lincoln was a baby. Go ahead. Yeah, I got a Ben and Jerry's Chubby Hubby. Chubby Hubby. I've had that. That's me. Chubby. And how about a $1.00. Brownie batter. Brownie batter. Yeah, it's real good. And then the only brownie-houns are in love. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kelly. Look how fast I am on a break now, I think. Your late math. The pressure is just mounting. All about that. One, two. That's what it is. The camera. On five steps. A few, three, and. The league of retired students. They said, if we know they're in the middle of Greenery. Don't make fun. They were in every heart for this. They were in every heart for this. They were in every heart for this. They were in every heart for this. They were in every heart for this. They were in every heart for this. Come pretty forward. 26 to 1 at 72am. George, you'll be here tomorrow. Yep. You saw George a treasure island last night. How is it? A little fellow doing. He's doing just fine. That's good. They always say, what are six its own level? Donald Trump, Michael Jackson, slime balls. What do Wayne Newton's Celine Dion and Michael Jackson have in common asked this story on AP? If Donald Trump and his partners have the way, they all have a resident performing vegan Las Vegas on their resumes. Trump's Las Vegas partners have been courting Jackson to perform a new frontier hotel in Casino, us weekly magazine B.C. New frontier owner Phil Ruffin and partner Jack Wyshna have reportedly spoken representatives of Jackson about a long-term residency. You can bring all the little kids up there and never drink that Jesus do. How many months ago was a judge that I read that story from the inquire about that villa he's got behind one of the Casinos in Vegas and he's bringing all the little kids in there with the Jesus, Houston, Kansas, remember that? Yes. Months and months and months ago. Trump and Ruffin are partners in Trump and her national hotel in towers as being built beyond the new frontier. Everything I do is the best and everything Phil Ruffin does is the best and this would be no exception to magazine quotes Trump is saying, well I think he's got a point. Michael Jackson is the best pedophile going. Jackson spoke with a spokeswoman Ray Mohn, Kay Dane, didn't many of them be turned across from the AP for comment. There'll be a moral clause in the contract which told us he added that Jackson would draw more than the 80 million dollar Celine Dion grossed in 2004. He continues to perform at the Coliseum at Caesar's Palace, Newton is during the country. Jackson has in the past been reportedly interested in performing in Vegas. The secret is a frequent visit of the city where his parents insisted to look to Iowa and where he has like an his own personal little villa. I think it's the morage I do believe. If my man was correct, his own personal little villa back there where he allegedly took the kids with her Jesus too. And of course being good Friday tomorrow would be a good day for some Jesus too. I do like well Jesus great to see. He can't have that either. He can't have fruit juice when you die better. So it's pure sugar. Is there anybody who doesn't love well. It's his great juice. Real cold you know, chilled. I like the white grape juice. Yeah that's good. But not like the great grape juice. 560 pound five 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. The good news is fish food seems to have the moment have. Look at that open up nice 22. Oh, that's it for W to Q a M hello. Pretty good. There listen. I don't know if anybody got this you already because I missed from the show. But I think I the shival thing I figured it out. Yeah. She's going to die tomorrow. Because it's right. Never side of our take. Good Friday man. And that's the second job is going to put the two been close. More on you. Sunday. He's going to come. All right. There's a second coming. Oh, I'm hearing. I need to power. And then April 13. She's going to be having lunch at Rosa Lopez's house in Hollywood with a virgin Mary. How do you like that? And the flying can't if she fish it's all that. Yeah, I said I've had that tea for. Yeah. Only only in the state. I tell you. I'm American baby. Including, you know, I'm a simple to my screen. But 10 room Sunday from farm stores. Find a store as 10 roofs Sunday. Okay. It's a little pedestrian. But we'll put it on there for it. I know. Farm stores 10 roofs Sunday. How many votes you think that's going to get? Oh, that's good. That one. That's okay. He's in town. Where was the pinnacle? At least 10 roofs Sunday is more said even vanilla. You know? Maybe. All the ones. What what is it made with? Maybe it's vanilla. Yeah. No, not maybe. Definitely. See, I hate the city of but any kind of in live screen. Just it leaves me to limp. Yeah. Well, what's the deal? You know? And I have told you something to have it before. If you want to be a real kind of swear like yours, truly. If you want to have good food instead of just eating the swill and all the other or slums not to eat. I mean, you know, it's one thing to be a fat slob would taste. Nothing just to be a pedestrian fat slob. Anybody can do that. What about friends? But anytime you eat something that requires a whole bunch, the Frenchman was the same crap. It was slightly different flavor. It looked odd. And when you listen to me, I'm listening. Very, very important thing. Okay. Any time you eat something that requires a whole bunch of other stuff to be studied on it, uh-huh. And good stuff. Just like you said the other day, when you're sitting and it brings stakes, all you said, oh, this is all we do. You don't have to have stakes, I'll just remember that. You're correct. You go anywhere with Chris. You asked for a stake saw to give me look. How are you, uh, kid me? What are you some kind of a slob? Yeah, well, we're going to give you all like a gallon of stakes, all through a queue. Yeah. It would come out of the ceiling of the smear right down on your plate. And the same thing with French fries. If you didn't have salt and mayonnaise, like they do in Amsterdam or ketchup. Now, there are, I will admit that there people need fries naked. You know, with nothing on them? Yeah, I could do it. Unsolve it? Yeah? Well, no. Yeah, get out of here. You're so full of it. Yeah, but salt was like on. Got a poor home pepper, I know. To give it. If you have to pour salt on it, it has no taste. Same thing would like mashed potatoes. What's mashed potatoes without gravy? Just don't like potatoes, obviously. You're absolutely wrong. I can't eat potatoes because it's pure carbohydrates being diabetic. And if I'm going to cheat, you see, you have to make your choices in life. Okay? You have to make your choices. Okay? And when you're fat or when you're fat and diabetic, you know, everybody cheats. I don't care what you say. Nobody's perfect. So maybe Terry. But everybody is cheating. So you have to make intelligent choices. If I'm going to go out today, I'm going to go out and get like, oh, when these are going to bake potato with cheese and chives, I mean, I like that in sour cream. I like potatoes. In fact, you know, I like a lot of potatoes skins. No, me. I mean, you go into all these flusy bars and places. You probably like, you know, get potatoes skin appetizers, right? Right? Good. Good. Big double cheese. Yeah, good. Oh, yeah. Shmiron, some of that sour cream, good stuff. But again, it has to have a culturem in sour cream. So that that's what it's going to do. And it's good. It's good. Like it. Who cares? I didn't say it wasn't good. You didn't let me finish. But vanilla ice cream without, you see, at least at least the potato skins. Or even a baked potato. Oh, you can't have a baked potato. You can't have a baked potato without butter, though, can you? No. No. It's dry. Yeah, it's too dry. Very dry. And butter and sour cream, and maybe chives. And bacon. And bacon bits. And of course, a melted cheddar cheese would be good. And they're too like it, Wendy. Yeah. What? No. You see, you think I don't like potatoes. You're absolutely wrong with potatoes, right? But you only like a baked potato, though. You don't like fries. I like, I like, I don't like hash browns. What are those other kinds of fries? Potatoes they have at breakfast. What do they call us? That's right. No, not hash browns. No, not tell tater tots. No, no, no. Tater tots. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Would you like mashed potatoes? You don't like mashed? I don't eat them, but I do like mashed potatoes with gravy. What? You know, have you now mashed potatoes out of a box? Fair. That's the ultimate go-a-m is mashed potatoes out of a box. Terrible. And, in fact, I would tell you right now, the same people who love an ice cream, they love mashed Taters out of a box, Uncle Ben. You're the same's in meal, ruchers. The rest of the box is in a two-fair. Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. Papi and Carlos had been lost in the desert for weeks, and were at death's door. As they stumbled on, hoping for salvation in the form of an oasis or something similar, they suddenly spied through the heat of the haze, a tree, in the distance. As they got closer, they could see that the tree was draped with russia upon russia of bacon. There was smoke bacon, crispy bacon, life-giving juicy, nearly raw bacon of all sorts. Oh my, Peppy. Carlos said it's a bacon tree. We're saved. Your right said Peppy. So Peppy goes on ahead and runs up to the tree, salivating at the prospect of food. But as he gets to within five feet of the tree, there's the sound of machine gunfire, and he is shut down in a hell of bullets. Carlos quickly drops down on the sand and calls across to his dying friend Peppy. Peppy, what on earth happened with his dying breath? Peppy calls out, run. It's not a bacon tree. It's a ambush. Paul Harvey. Good thing. 1247-131-QM, kind of cute. Two of those. They are green. Five people say they hate ice cream. See, that's not very many. Out of about 700 volts, whatever we got. Only five say they hate ice cream, and of course in this crowd. No matter what it is, I hate water. I hate life. And whatever you ask, there's always that little element there. They hate everything in everybody, including themselves. Five, six, seven, five, six, deep pot. See, and generally speaking, with all these zillion flavors that are out there, it indicates to me that there's a real ice cream problem in South Florida, and maybe in the entire state. They're only good thing, though, the same and grace we've had so far as that nobody has mentioned to Carvelle. Or the old DQ, the DQ, the DQ. Queen. Joe Ferrie. Double DQ, A and how? Oh yeah, Richard Coling for Miami. Yes, Richard, how you doing? That's one. You know, Coling call? I think you were part of it. Part of it? Yes it is. Oh, hey, the go over the all guys. Yeah. Well, just calling the say hello. Love you, show. Haven't called it over a year. Still lifting, and you're the best. Okay, thanks, Richard. That was really worthwhile. I'll double DQ, A and hello. I know. Yes, sir. Oh, Kyle, Kyle, couple of cars ago, stole my car. I made a go over it. I'm nice. Still listening. He still figured out the best. No, him, sir. It's got a couple of cars. stole my thunder with Chevy Honey. Yeah. That's an awesome player. And that's what made me where I am today. Yeah, Chevy. Yeah, you got it. And the, with a casino gambling, do you know if there's smoking a lot of the parameters? No. I'll go there. I took my wife to the hard rock once and we just reached that soft. Yeah, no, you know, I don't know any. I don't know any. I'm not in Vegas what they've done to be honest with it, because I've been to Vegas a few years. But, uh, any casino bag, like wood vine, there's no smoking lot in there. They've got places I wouldn't go outside and you know, and smoke, but not inside. Yeah, we tried to go to a restaurant at the hard rock last week and part of them up and out that they were smoking and they said, yeah, because they're on the reservation. Oh, yeah, because they want you to smoke all those cancer sticks that they're penalty that, of course. You know, so that'll keep us far away. Good choice, pal. Good luck. All right. Tung out of time. Okay. 560, pound, 560, and you know, it's really amazing after all this time. And I don't want to hear about it because it's very ponderous and boring. Even Miguel who was at the hard rock and played the, uh, the sponsor, even he doesn't understand. He can explain how they work. I don't know. Well, how's that, how's that possible? I wasn't paying attention. Yeah, and like I said, Well, first of all, I played Bingo against the other people and then you could just spin. And I, well, what does that mean? I mean, every play, every pool you got to go through a little bit, it's got to take you forever. That doesn't make any sense. I don't buy that. Well, you were there. I didn't have to wait for anybody. I put in some quarters and I got some money back. You put in some quarters. You got some money back. Oh. How many QAM? Hello. I'm Neil. Yes. Is this Neil? Sounds like Neil. All right. And we just opened the creamer leader ice cream shop. Yes. Here in the Victoria Park shop. It's out federal highway. Okay. And could you, is that the pulse about ice cream today, right? Right. It's great. Incredible fat free ice cream. You're talking about flavors. You're talking about kinds of flavors. No sugar added low carb. Now, that no sugar added low carb. That doesn't have all this sorbital and stuff. And then I'm sure it does. No, no, no. Oh, yeah. The low carb has too close. No. Oh, man. Call Mr. Whipple real quick. Bring it some ice cream. Come down here. Come down. I'm going to get Neil. Why should bring some ice cream over the station? I'm sure the Josh and Miguel will give you like way reviews. Even if they don't like it. Okay. That sounds good. Okay. Let me put you on a hold. Maybe you can bring some ice cream in. And rather, they can wash down those ribs with it. Wouldn't that be good for dessert? Absolutely. Okay. Put that on a hold on one. Josh. You can scam out of him. I mean, you know, well, no, he's pretty far away, right? Right. You know, he's the best one. And where do you think he said Victoria Park? I think no. Oh, boy. But what happens is to make them. In fact, you won't have to nuke it. Yeah. We can just get a straw and suck it out of it. True. The guys on one by the way, Josh. Just a handle and please. Okay. Just a blow-moth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 and a Verizon, sing it a lot of time. I want to get a little free. Plug a why not to power this show, huh? We made fish food number one. We made pizza off number one before they turned on us like a cornered rat. And you know what? That's fine. That's okay. We still got rat in Tony's right to bring in food anytime we want. Yes. See, it's one thing about us. If you decide all of a sudden you don't like us. So we're not friendly enough for we don't kiss your ass. That's okay. We, you know, sweet coes. We just move on. So if these people are caught, I'm never going to lose any. Okay. Hey, have a great life. Good luck to you. And of course they never mean that. I don't think there's anybody who ever called this show. And all these years have been on the year nearly. I've turned man. In this town, whoever said, I'm done with you on the air. Or facts. And you know, and they're there. Of course. And then of course they think you got that convenient Alzheimer's that you're going to forget. Or maybe they have it. And then all of a sudden they're called and you recognize the voice or here comes the facts again. Like a fat boy's a boyfriend neighbor there. His ex neighbor, the Friedman. Hey Dave. WDQAM. Hello. Two items. Deal. I don't know. One heavy dude with the floss. Did you hear the bill? Did it come out of committee on the floss? They want to keep them. What are you talking about? I talked about that earlier this morning. Yeah. Probably. I'm here to try to do like the India. Yes. And the other thing. You're a person who actually came out about the same time and hockey and got to came out the first time. Another funny morning, Scandinavian, I think it was very tasty. I'm a big fan of butter for economy. I had the absolute best butter for economy in the whole world. Also. What? What ever happened to chicken tonight? It was a great thing. Easy to work with chicken and do it. Just disappear and I'll progress just for a show. I'll be fine. I'm all right. We'll go to an investigation in a little bit. We'll take our QAM investigative team and we'll send them up to and check that out. You know, another product that I don't know if it's still around. It was, I don't want to say it wasn't very good. It wasn't very good. They can't have it used to advertise it. So it couldn't have been too good. Top shelf. Do you remember that stuff? They used to have like in a box. Not frozen, but like lasagna's in pasta. And it was in a box. And you'd open up the box and be like a little full container. And you put it in the end. You'd nuke it just before you nuke your ice cream. You never heard of that top shelf? No. Like I said. 560 pound, 560, only Verizon and SIGITER, why don't sign? We better get to beast on a show tomorrow with the George and Josh. Because at least he knows about slots. Hey, he was playing quarters this morning. He won 160 bucks. See, Hank is teaching in the fast way. You know, only talk about when you're winning. He won 160 bucks. And maybe that was like in the last five minutes. Maybe before that he lost about 6,000. Who knows? But his folks got the big bucks. Nice to know difference. How many QAM? Hello. Meals God. Yes sir. How are you sir? Three good old. Listen, I'm still cracking up in two hours ago when you said that doctor who looked at her chart, Terry Sibel. And he said he's ready. She's ready to do a tap dance. Yeah. That's what he said. The adventure, the brother, the brother of the she's vibrant. She's alive and she's vibrant. He said they could be vibrant. Neil, you sound like you're in a rare form these days. Yes, I am in 100 great day. That's one of the products. 560, 50560, pound 560 and the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines. WCQAM. Hello. You remember my feeding today? Yeah. WCQAM. Oh, we got all. Now come for that. Yeah, prosack Ron wants us to be oversteeding. Oh, yeah. We have a long line of your house, Ron. Volunteers for that. We'd be fighting over it. They're like those crazy right to life crowd over there. We're screaming in a hollerin and try to, you know, water her like a plant. In fact, doesn't that prove that season of vegetative state? What are you doing in a sprinkle water on something? Isn't it usually like a plant? You're listening to me. You're watching. It's exclusively on 560. You're eating. The one to two hours. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. You're eating. Five six seven, oh five sixty. Or maybe Gary Sardor, be good. At least he'll be kosher anyway. You have to cook it first. Count five sixty only Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. We're asking what's your favorite ice cream today. Then in Jerry's Fish Food, Numero, Ono. How do you win? The Nilla, he says with a heavy heart is a close second with one-on-six. Double QA N, hello. Hello Neil. Yes? Breaking news. Cherry woke up and said put the two back in. I'm dying. I'm dying over here. Yeah. pretty creative huh pretty yeah how do these yeah WQA I'm hello hey no yes sir I have a question because you get such a great investigative thing how could we not charge in more money to the Saudis of grain corn wow we hey you've had nobody picking on our buddies palliou you've had to get with it we're not charging more on the Saudis that's the bush families but business partners you crazy what's wrong with you man you better wake up and start sniffing the the schmattas five six seven oh five sixty spin on sniffing the schmattas this kind of disgusting stress as we just did the one about the finger in your chilly me Daniel Madrid 39 year old for the teacher is facing voyeurism charges for climbing into a school gymnasium ceiling so we allegedly could period a 20 year old female gym teacher and it the adjacent girls locker room and showers from his overhead perch Madrill the golf coach at Glores as parent middle school may also have watched two female students ages eleven and thirteen on dress accordingly when the gym teacher spotted Madrill climbing down from the ceiling she asked what he was doing Madrill claimed that he was planning to scare them by throwing a basketball into our office the only problem was Madrill who was arrested last Friday did not have a basketball in his hands now I had a great line I could use with that but back in the air could say that I better not now joy smirk it really upset keep it about what he did have an his hands it wasn't a basketball so now that he's facing me mr. meener charges for his march through ceiling capper minerals have been suspended without pay by school board officials and picture the ball right here at nasty looking guy by a tornado county sheriff's office mugshot maybe that place up there in the ceiling is her and was hideaway five six seven oh five six feet pound five sixty only for rising and singular wireless lines and like I started to say about a half an hour ago before interrupted myself wouldn't you think with all these zillions or you're actually spent there she is she gets the sixty five thousand dollar rewards for the role of the capture of brine Nichols in conjunction with essentially a religious and spiritual upbringing oh boy here we go uh boy she is the out of all gotten by that book what's it in the book the power negative thinking company q a m line nine hello yes sir are you today Neil pretty good patty what he got well i just want to say i'm in show no kill on and used to listen to you locked in a lived down there all right uh i'll tell you the truth i'm all the clonics you get they kill me you you can't live in highly with the green teeth really understand it that's pretty much it okay thanks on okay do you understand what he was saying it's great show but all the chronic say live in highly with the me oh i i think he's saying he had a beaver to understand all these this crowd you're right good point pali and listening is like in trelliner curlin just fine but sure that help beats be sell out of highly of this is true do you want to know yes sir uh just want to make a comment about that uh some of the calls that you're getting in reference to the girl and the two but all that two yeah hello yes i'm listening man i was you know you think that we should be instead of making one of the whole issue i mean i'm not pro live or pro anything i mean i am just saying there should be just talk about how ignorant people down here in south forward or they can be a half of how many years ago how many years have i been doing that sir but think about this the fact that you could be 18 30 you can have children grandchildren this could happen to anybody and then you are the marketer it happens every day it happens every day it's it i mean it is because i hear someone this guy is i take the two bodies you know what he said he will be in and forget about her life or whatever but you know it happens every day and people down here all they do the quality of the listeners that we're having it is just going down no quality of people that we have here now you got your son on a that's it okay now that was it i would be going to say that it's not always going to be something more the quality of the people here is going down do you understand what he was trying to say i sure don't maybe i'm a problem with the fact we're talking about the you know i mean you might as well have a little bit of a you know i'm not going to get all bummed out about this he's been dying for 15 years and like i said it happens to people every day families have to make these decisions and it's a personal private business and they don't allow these right to life lunatics to come in there and make a circus out of it and travel like overall the court decisions she had like a whole bunch of doctors who examined her years and years and years and years and uh... part of her to prepare three and that's it that's not only can't you not only can't you live in peace in a marketing where you can't even die in peace can't do it for crying out loud i'm dying out of the hands i mean what would you rather talk about for a terrian the tube or the uh... cure actually in our 65 grand and by our action oh please i can't take it in the more america is going off the deep end just like that article i read about the religious nuts of just totally taken over to republican party is panry then and even they don't agree with them now they've gone so far they've even passed them like they were standing still even even the evangelicals a lot of mercy and hey wait a minute we didn't mean to go that far don't press the button yet George you know that kind of thing and he'll be doing hello hey i'd like to be the deal speaking meal you know i'm a shabran what's up front of my that was trying to explain in the old days which you're in which and uh... and uh... which i thought about that the old station you might just uh... tell him in the story that so he can hear he doesn't believe me come to store of what would your wife is going wrong yeah worth you work and there yes i was on the air at the time here i'm not enough about time i want to hear it okay no and this is the hearsay guy that's programming the show now i'm a lot of want to go re-hands to story about jury Williams getting around by the way jury did uh... and jury with some two i'm still here though looking he might uh... he's got a friend listening wants me to re-hands to her from w's news from twenty five years ago on the answer is no i mean like that well maybe even either put up right at out on the long hand and put the message in a bottle or send it through a cube over to his house and he shows up by the story i mean that's just ridiculous what is i'd rather hear about and sleep Smith first of all i want to thank my lord in saviour jodd oh oh and that is the end of putting a revolver right to my temple i'm just going to temple i don't know and see she will be go tell all my spiritual advisor wow wow wow wow wow i just was happened to america man if you're not a fundamentalist bible something all although in fact you know something that's one taken off the maris good Friday it's never too late you know i'm eating away from drinking the wine i'm doing it on put on a dress like the pope i'm doing everything it has a nice game no no ice cream till next week earliest at the earliest you can have it that hat to now i am going to get one of those big miters and put it on my head yeah and miters muffler man you just wait i'm going to be a real fashion plate just like ill papa hey i'm sure you're familiar with our friend at the kelly and with the main man at acceptance capital mortgage so before you call any other mortgage company let the main man tell you what you don't know did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products no you didn't know that that's why i said that and if you're credit less than absolutely perfect get ready to hit the most famous two letter word in the English language no and oh if you're not working with a writer and your chances getting approved are only fitting fitty so do yourself a big favor call right now one triple eight four eight three loan that's one triple eight four eight three loan that the main man in the scene put you into mortgage and meet your needs a boy going to the wrong under maybe being turned down because you call the wrong number call the main man in acceptance capital mortgage toll free today one triple eight four eight three loan that's eight eight four eight three loan and every time they've posed a loan don't forget a portion donated to kids in distress so why call anybody else if you want exactly the only looking for a voidial bait and switch through the smart thing call Anthony caliendo everybody's main man today one eight eight eight four eight three and one you're indeed in may of Cincinnati one what next The sex will stay in the moon unless it's family Because all us red next practice in sad Now I'm not only on the worries me I can't answer to a new answer Master her double wife One of the young and got no wheels And inside the legs of the die His magic can't win her eye Let's go hips, we're all alone in the house But I got sick when she gave me a kiss And joined till back of inner mouth All us red next to her love in sad All right, the sex will stay in the moon unless it's family Because all us red next practice in sad So come meet my new wife, she's my niece I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs A four-bop for that eye of dork, with dire better two damn babies The rear window it has a gun breath Where I keep my gun, and we'll flag in the water back Monarch is ready for two months of all us red next to her love in sad Cause sex just ain't as good as this family Because all us red next practice in sad I'll say sir is the one who's there with the dirty means Every human is hard to chew Who's got the nicest chew The hell like the way my daddy is watching me Raccoon, but I have to wonder why I'm 60 WDCM, or we tend to be a little planets at times So anyway this neurologist so called William Cheshire Right, with that treasurecad grin on his face Of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville He's the one that they're using as their last gas Hope you know who claims all of a sudden now that she's not the She's not an vegetative state, but anyway he observed her at her bedside But did not conduct an examination of her Cheshire is a he's from the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville And bio-ethicis who's also an active membrane Christian organizations Including two who's leaders of spoken out against the mules of the New York right of course Ronald Kranford of the University of Minnesota and a neurologist who was among most of Maybe previous diagnosis of Shival said there isn't a credible Reputable neurologist in the world who won't find her in a vegetative state got that There was an incredible reputable neurologist in the world who will not find her in a vegetative state Florida got it, but of course Mr. Cheshire who happens to be just by coincidence A member of a bunch of religious right wing right to life organizations He says who did not examine her by the way, but he was at her bedside and said, oh look at that she's getting She's gonna write that what I got into a tap dance I can tell any second now come on Terry We should do it on even do it come on No, what do you think a little music might do you think how about some polka music? No, no come on Terry you can do it baby You don't need that silly ass you know You're a laboratory commander in a rack his block to attend Policeman from examining that car which an Italian intelligence agent was shot to invite that in newspaper city yesterday Indiana Delaceta. I sure like the way I said that. I'm not gonna try it again That's how like I really knew my Italian you pick it pretty well Indiana Delaceta said the policeman were bought to leave when the Italian embassy in fact See you have to say like they're there's there's certain signs make it small see that deep dead with the dad Yeah, I know what I'm saying I can the god father anyway the policeman were bought to leave when the Italian embassy Invag that received murder from the US command on money to abort the mission for security concerns The embassy and bag that reportedly alerted Roma 30s you called off the trip the car a Toyota Corolla is reportedly still American hands And fact that airport where it was originally rented the foreign ministry and Rome defined comment on the report While officials at the Italian embassy and bag that could not be reached for comment Uh, Italian authority say that examining the vehicle is key to assessing what have it on March 4 when US troops open fire On the car carrying secret of a stage in the Colacala party another intelligence officer and journalist Giuliana Sittino Who just been released after month of captivity in Iraq? Calaparri died on the spot while the other two were wounded Prosecutors investigating the shooting received photos of the car that they want to amelize bullet holes other elements according to Couriery Delaceta calaparri's killing outrage that is prompted from here still the Oberlo scony the world second biggest prognostic dubia to demand that watched and provide an explanation Italy agrees that the shooting was an accent, but it just means some key elements of the US account and a partridge in a peratory And you never got to get the truth out of us like Howard Beals said remember that you never gonna get the truth out of us? Or you didn't see network have you? I'm not even gonna ask let's move our long. It's tweeted the entweevil them. How's that ice cream coming by the ways in in area? No, nobody brought ice cream on a Tony's came by with a pizza. Oh, and that's good Brad hooked it up Right pepperoni ice cream nothing wrong with that nothing wrong with sticking little pepperoni ice cream now. What's the story? So are you getting some memor from that guy to call before is that too far? What's the deal? I don't know. I'm gonna call him tomorrow. Well, what did he say you spoke to him? I'm assuming he said yeah, he said he's gonna talk to his manager and see if he can do something He will be nice. He wins your dinner. He's talking about the fog man. Give him a real nice plug. Nice send off there. Could you tell him that for free food will lie like crazy even if it's not all I could will say oh man this stuff is fantastic. It's great. Slowly. Oh sure you bet. We're easy. What's your favorite ice cream is our pull question today at the end of a week of just gastronomical insanity just food food Mons your mom's your mom's just crazy all week long. Tagging food pizza steak houses and today ice cream You're a lot to me still. You were having real Italian's a lot to of course you didn't yes you did where do you have that in Pennsylvania No, oh my sides heard from all of us today. I just can't handle it. It is a panic real. I tried it ice cream in Pennsylvania and a Lot to Rio was at it and place that pretended to sell to Lotto correct probably run by much of Greeks Or could have been you know what I'm going to do there. What what agreed about there. Oh, yeah, I know that and how about one of those police chiefs takes Oh wonderful. Yeah me that is good as those grinders. I was talking about the other day those grinders from New England. Oh man there's big hoese How is it? Velocentator summer camp I was 16 years old. I mean since 100 years ago Fourth lake in let New York summer camp and we used to like walk into town about a mile or two away from the camp And it was a hoese shop there that had these fantastic big hoese. Oh just to die for unbelievable The kind of stuff you and the same in Boston too. They had fantastic. I don't remember if they called them hoese or grinders I've never heard of grinders. We called them great. They were fantastic big thick would like all kinds of good ingredients And all kinds of mixed cold cuts and capital and all the stuff. I don't choke up there. Yeah, I am I'm gagging up on it I'm Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q 8 Um, water drag the presses out of control Baseball different today. I totally hate me say almost be It's like the right is such a thrill. That the AP finds up hill and the field requires Still it's another satellite shelter called requires little helpers. They saw similar in today I heard the SDS saying require hints and another one to take the lead But before there's five enemies to undo this giant thing. They invades the car to shelter looking Cold with wires help them. They's all finally has it today and they be on offer right Oh, AP no more of these The dog is big no more water drag the presses out of control Yeah, he's your component somewhere well because I can work on the video last week I'm not talking about it. We're not talking about the past. We're not here to talk about yesterday Whatever it takes and all these things right and let me out of here please so I can go Well, I'll talk much my complex enough a little bit. Well, he's looking. You never see his neck He's got more holes in his neck than a piece of Swiss cheese Maybe what's maybe now they have nothing to do with that thing anymore that you they can put that in Mark Morgan Guards neck I think can't hurt he has a lot like spackle What's your favorite ice cream that's our poll today? We got 800 plus votes Beninger is fish food is hanging on to nation'sly Thank the Lord. Oh God 137 votes that may be infected bush ever finds out if your fan Ask Governor finds out how good that is He'll confiscate it all from self and is for when a game family and they're well. I make it legally in the rest of the state Don't you think we just banned Beninger as a whole probably I just confiscated all for his outlaw family up there in tele has he so you know well. She's probably hooked on it Beninger is fish food 137 vanilla 121 21 that is just I mean Oh my god Oh my god Chocolate 60 Beninger is curious. I see a 51 butter pickan 43 Beninger is near superfudge chunk 40 cookie dough 40 rocky road 40 well least rocky road find a good even with cookie gal Prestatio 28 Tagandaz dulce de leche 27 he's far crunch 24 strawberry 23 rum raisin 20 cookies and cream 19 coffee 18 Brayers Oreo 14 Beninger is coffee coffee crunch only 14 you people man are just Missing about fucking daya. There is something really really rotten in Denmark Coffee coffee coffee crunch is only up 14. Are you guys never tried it? I have not I'm gonna say it's right up there with fish food. I don't care what anybody says It is right up there. It's in a same astronomical way above the rest of the world kind of level. It's up there Well, then you need to bring all this ice cream in April He's chocolate peanut butter 11. I hate ice cream 10 people said that. I hate ice cream 10. Do you know anybody? White ice cream? No only are crowd cold stone cake batter ice cream. What does sounds? Nine Beninger is half-faked nine Beninger is everything, but the A nestle's turtle eight that is so good. The Apollo 7 pre nons and cream is very good two six Starbucks Month high five caramel Sutra five Beninger is fire score four. That's the winner fire score Beninger is chocolate therapies that appear strawberry cheesecake do and Beninger is chubby hobby one Public turtle has one and none Beninger is concession obsession. We had all that dialogue about it And you looked it up and as it is but it would be put up with like concession stand ice cream and so far it's got the big And 80's colonial and so it's good. Now There's another what is a dream dream world dream when you look at the pints in the freezer in the supermarket next to the Beninger is there's all these designer flavors Now dream something is it to hit the you fit there for hours and in part of those doors at the supermarket first of all I don't take a chair when I go to the supermarket so unless I'm on the floor, we kind of hard to be sitting there. No, when you're When you're looking for something good, okay, I don't want to get too specific the way things are these days When you're looking for something really good, you know when you found it you catch my drift When you see it, you know it, okay, and so when you go to the supermarket and you open up and you're looking maybe for Beninger's fish food Just an example, he said hey, wait a minute. Here's a whole new line of these RC party designer flavor and there always are you see yourself a destiny with your duals to dual see the Late-day And don't spill it on your fly and bear by the way. Always make sure the excess runs off into the two right five six seven Oh five six the pound five six the horizon and sing it a wireless line try to open up some new avenues for you, okay? See like try some new things try some new things like Beninger's coffee coffee crunch if you know like that man your taste is They have a chop your tongue off. I want to try that. WQAM hello Yes sir The name of ice cream is dreamery That's it. Thank you. Excellent. That's pretty good. That's good. Okay. Thanks. Dreamery see I totally was like dream works, but then that's movies. Yeah, maybe don't make a movie about Beninger's You think it'd be dreamy pretty good stuff man couple of good liberal guys there from Vermont well, what a great state that must be I think I drove serve for a month one time real fast But I don't think I ever like stay there for like nine and never did you have you have been in Salem, New Hampshire rocking and park back in the day Have we been in New Hampshire? Yeah sure have we been at Arney Warren's adventure car hop and saw this mask Have you ever been to the winwood right? I have either one of you have never been to the winwood and you know something about the founding of our great country What used to be great country know something about Paul or beer house in Boston? No, I actually saw it Quincy market Yeah, but if you walked every you've been inside of it. I've been in front of it. Have you been there at a Quincy market? All of Marcus Street. Yeah, right I did. Market street. Yeah. Tell you talking about it. I feel like I Tell her I'm here. I walk it street. Some Washington Avenue How are you talking? I don't know what Avenue it's out of with you. Would no tree on sweet if they stuck it in you Back to why I'm here in the Fenway Park Boston's a girl. That's great and that's excellent, okay? You've been to Fenway Park I've been there many many many many many times and door from BC. Yeah, that's good here You go on the what's that highway? That horrible highway the mystic river bridge Yeah, but on the mystic river bridge good don't do it. Now you talk about the worst driving in the and the world At least in the US not in the world the worst driving ever assumes in Rome But the worst driving in the US is in Boston man. Oh Wow you can't complain you think the driving in London see the straddiness of Florida's bad and aggravating But in Boston it's much more bad than aggravating. It's just it's like a you know Chicago food bad It's like demolition, Derby. Yes Chicago is pretty dangerous 560560 that couple more, but I'm not gonna read any more because Miguel get really bent out of shape and since it's almost the end of our week here You know Why do I want all our well-mentioned because it is big news A year after her first reported stay in rehab would need Houston again Straight into where we have facility My shot now the all-est in shocking is Bobby Brown checking back in just take her to about already Wouldn't in fact that wouldn't be surprised if Bobby Brown calls Jerry Wichdon that big talk show in a scoffer that guy called before Hey, Jerry. It's Bobby called checking in and I witnessed checking in next little big chubby checking in Wouldn't he Houston is ended a we have facility today her publishes Nancy Selcher told the AP yesterday She declined for my details. I mean now you see in the Pepsi the Pepo business boss Avenue Yeah, or the dancing around her holden the the puking in the other holden her You see man. Yeah, the stomach. That's got to be one of greatest spots. I just like almost p.m. My pants George has never seen that And he's also never seen the purple tinted Curse the alley spot cause Amy he's never seen that maybe this past week. He got the pleasure Oh, you have got to see that Can you see me if I could see me He's squealing He is squealing and of course what does it pick do That baby squealing like a pig Oh Can you know They are worth the time And we and their sorrows When they travel the Bear Who? Behold D UW� Ha-ha-ha-ha The喜 Will soon get me Until you get me To what no one I keep on a fight I don't want to lose my way I don't want to lose my way I keep on a fight And I truly want to take洩 Let's get started You're not having 30 Stevenson what do we got? Yeah, I was just gonna say I just saw a moment Howard. Well, the how come it says in my schedule we got Curtis Stevenson here and you have a fact No, I don't have no facts Are you sure? Why don't who is supposed to be sending it? Me and in addition, which isn't a little bit late. I've been saying all day We got Curtis instead of mo no mo. Do it, do it, do it, do it. I tell me like it. 30 minutes till 2 we got mo. Yeah. I mean a lot. Yeah. And a lot of people will probably have to get themselves emotionally prepared for that. Don't you understand what I'm talking about? Absolutely. Anyway, we got mo. I too like I said. Anyway, I mean, I reckon we got to be bothered sending a schedule. I'm probably busy because of our payday working on my check. Nice going, Clarence. It's important. Okay, not who's on a year, who's on first. Now, you were talking about market street market streets in Philadelphia. Right, I said that. It's just dawned on me during the break. You're talking market street. Of course, you've never been in Boston. Do you know what I'm talking about? What? We're spending way apart. So, the money you talking about market street for? Well, what did that happen to me? No, I said a couple different things. Yeah. What? And you said have you been here? I've been there. And I was like, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just trying to get me to play that thing and a deem thing? Huh? Oh, okay. The eye bin everywhere. Which I do like that a lot by the way. That is great. It's really great. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been the rain those times. Those pardom that are so difficult. Those erontoists. Those are so difficult. Will this taunt be be able to come back down to mobile маленьers up? We are taking over an 11 sprint. That's not a good bluff. We're going to stop here, one at them. assaulted her. She's just an 183 or半. The very first intense game begins. This will be an 11- Once? Life at the next second play. 4-4-Y Bismuth 11 Cher flipped tow skily. 4-14... 2-13, 1-Yupphy szification. No way, starts over eightths. I think it's 0-10 left for my Qwich. 1-10 left for this game. 1-6 �erajchibs, let's go. NYU- fällt , 3-4-H- romance, We're going to California and Texas and the big dollar piece of live black rock, liberal rock, Austin. We're going to South Dakota and Michigan and Lake Devon Lake Peter Lake, New Zealand, and South America. I'm living everywhere. I live everywhere. I live everywhere. I live everywhere. I live everywhere. I live everywhere. And then we're going to Washington, and we see the next black Hawaii House. Yeah. Yeah. I come to the conclusion even though we have eaten, I'm more than any who has votes on the pool. Pretty good response on there. But the reason that there are so few ice cream places in Florida that last, remember I was talking about that, be a bit in, is because South Florida, and despite of the weather, it's not an ice cream joint. People don't like ice cream. I don't know about that. Oh, I'm telling you right now, people down here don't like ice cream. People in compared to other parts of the country, people are not as ice cream obsessive in Florida as they are elsewhere. Well, we'd rather have a beer. Now you would think that they'd be ice cream because even all the old forests, you can dumb it, you know what I'm saying? Right. It's a little on the chilly side or maybe even your dentures, but nevertheless. No, seriously, every good ice cream joint, there was one that just dawned on me, I've forgotten all about it. Very sad story, too. And the, not really clear, that shopping, so in plantation here, there's a public, even though you're not, you know, I'm a gel, forget about him. It's a joke. You know, you got to have some idea. I know what that is. OK. Listen to me. Right in here, public, about a couple of doors down, seven years ago, many years ago, I've been in plantation long time now. But anyway, there was a very nice guy who, I forget what he used to do. He, in the York, he wears whole life. He worked in the New York Gynas 40s. I would say early 40 with a family. And all his life, he wanted to open up an ice cream store. So we came to South Florida. He opened up a great ice cream shop right there by public. You know, that shopping center is very, very busy. Yeah. That's where the Fed is that I used to take my dogs to before they had to be put to sleep. You know, I'm saying, doc. But anyway, and the place was great. And I went in there and he knew who I was and I talked about him on a show. And he had, I mean, really nifty flavors. He had some really good stuff. And I just, not just vanilla and chocolate. He went out of business. And it's just, it just bugs me because people who spend all of the take their life savings and they do something that they really enjoy and they put a lot of work into it. And he went belly up. Just like that poor guy that white mountain guy in a fountain shafts. That was awesome ice cream. That was gourmet ice cream. That was as good as it gets out of business. How did you last that year? See what I'm saying? So this guy, you better do a good job for this guy that's coming into my, it's 16 courts of ice cream or whatever. It's 10, 10, have gallons. We'll have to see. Well, if he smart, we'll come in because otherwise he's going to be a kind of like Terry, you know, belly up without the tube. I see what I'm doing. Guys, right, we have to stop doing nothing with that tube. What you think? No, no, no. That's for two to. Applicator tube. That one. Because at least they know what that one's all about. Not just tube. They think that's in poor taste. I'm going to tell you, if you can't have a few chuckles about those and whether there's even those tragic, terrible story, I mean, you'd go crazy because they're trying to grab us all nuts over this. Like we have to care about that. We have to care about steroids and baseball. We have to care about Terry Shivoh. We have to care about stuff that we couldn't give a flying crack blizzard about. And the meantime while a grave robber is killing all kinds of innocent people, we're not supposed to care about that. You're not supposed to care about that. You're not supposed to care about that. You're not supposed to care about that. On 5, 16. 16. And. There's. Yeah. Oh we're back. Great Don't be low. Why not. Me. Where do l. Remember if you like this song? SEVER這種體ics, you got to show me Looking for them guys to learn Come on get stuck You can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't show no one, you can't do wild animals, you can't go on anywhere, you are tomorrow night, I will be on with you, you won't be a member of your family, I can't do it, I can't do it the reason I have to, I can't do it to you I'll look at the common sense in full moon. So not that you've been his back. I ain't no chase man at me. I'm going to have no other thing than spasher. What the fuck? I don't want to get you in a kind of hunt for me. You just take one out, and pack up with each pack. And I can't get you. I can't get you. Yeah, and I can't stand you. I don't want to get you in a kind of hunt for me. I can't get you. I don't want to get you. I don't want to get you. I can't get you.