What's the hell with that mean today? That's been speaking in five thoughts. Who's got it? It's serious. Quite a crowd-like sight, a gathering in uns 1080's tree. To see the best demon hockey. Yeah. And that means they're about like, I don't know, four or five thousand is going on here. Look a little bit better than that camp scheme. There could have been maybe 2,000 people there for the camp scheme. I watched the second period of game until it, and they didn't show any crowd shots. Oh, you can, well, that's because you don't put a game there, but if you go to enough games, you can like, get a glimmer of this part, you know, this is not what I mean. And the second period, they didn't show the crowd, and I'm wondering if that's by design. Of course it's by design. It's like the Marlon telecast, they're instructed the cameraman don't pan back and show any like, why not to the crowd, when there's like, to the number of people in there. Of course. But you can't avoid the empty seats of those Marlon's game every time a ball foul ball goes well, they don't have a foul ball. There's a couple of foul balls involved network conversation. Anyway, here's the fact from Peter, who says during the crossover this morning, why don't you ask the hammer when he gets dumped on your show so much? It's getting his bad as stern as was. And then I found out you're against the fight doctor. He said a couple would have no nowhere. Yeah, and now the worst thing to be to get pee valve for somebody else to open up with. So that's why they're dumping it, you idiot pee drogget with it. And this is where Hank was not in the today show this morning with Matt and Katie, with, uh, turns making a round story. He's pouring all the meat into the promoter's satellite radio thing. Yeah, he's been on every show. Yeah, as usual. I mean, it's where we all, even on meat to press, there's something wrong. It's not 60 minutes. Yeah, I know that. Sorry, he was even on a food channel. I didn't see that one. Marlins. Marlins and San Antonio officials meet this week. That's what your buddy Barry says. Yeah. Oh, man, we'll pack you a sandwich. How about, uh, I just, I just love these people are always threatening to leave. Okay, see ya. I've not got to a story. He's got about Wayne offering him 50 million and the, uh, 50 acres up there or you haven't got the 50, eight. He just said, the win. He's got a win. And he's, and he's, and he's, and he's, according to a source. That source had to show, had that story last week. And has been repeating it every day since. And that source is me. That little, well, I can't say it. Joyce is listening. Yeah. He, basically, is the word as plagiarism. He's a story thief. Yeah. But he can't find an in him to give credit. Of course not. Because he's, he's, he's on the payroll. He's a source. He's got his head deep inside their, uh, rectum, something. I like to source the find out what brought it jerk like that into the world. Yeah. He don't knock mommy. She's still brown baggin' it for a barrier. Yeah. And drives into work too is what I hear. And anyway, so Wayne's get a little bit peo to say, he's losing patience. It says here. He's losing patience. Where to say that. He's, I think of who he's believed to be. Losing patience hasn't said whether he would expect to share the stadium profits. In this thing about, typically, in 50 million tour of construction and giving the free land. No matter what you give them, it's not going to be enough. So I just say, uh, by live boys. Yeah. Well, they don't have the money to build it. They don't have any money to put in. You know, some of the, we ever seen David Samson and Jeff for our see it together. They sound exactly the same to me. Jeff Garcia. Yeah. Quarterback. Yeah. Is every here that promo they play on the NFL channel? No. Anybody got any? Nobody wants fresh stress. You ever heard that? How about the Jeffrey is, back now, and he says, well, he's, uh, people keep coming up to him and tell him they don't play them and he's doing the right thing. I'm trying to find out who those people are and where they are. That's what he's been France. Jeffrey, do you mean Jeffrey Loria? Yeah. Oh, well, what does he even say? One name but not the other one or is it the other guy you don't want to say? Well, I just said Samson and Delilah. Yeah. Well, let's go. I'm glad to see a boy's stuff and you actually say when seeing their names on the air. That's a good sign. Well, maybe it's not such a good sign. I'm not even trying to make the mad dogs these sandwich schedule. Yeah. I could use a few days off. He's off today by the way, and tomorrow and work on Thursday and let's see. Not Friday. So, or yeah, Friday. Thursday and Friday. He's going to touch me. You know, for all eight days of Monica. Yeah. He's going to brutal schedule. But I mean, I'm trying to find out who, I will say this. That most of the press down here has been given them a base on balls on this story. Yeah. Yeah. For your surprise. Yeah. I mean, like the press has given the Panther organization a few past all these years. Well, they've been dismantling the organization. I mean, that's taking last night. Now, I don't like that much of it because it was a foregone conclusion. I don't want cranked it up, whatever they needed to. And then, you know, got a six to two of these, and they just coasted it in. They could have been 15 to two. Or 15 to 20. I just want to second period. They had 17 shots of five. But I mean, all I have to do is put in whatever I felt like it was never any contrast in that game. It would be like watching a basketball game where the ball never got across mid-bork. And this business of well, they're losing all of games and so on. Nobody's there. Well, you know, something that's that's the case. Then the town can't, the business of the franchise. Just does, it's, there's no rationale for it. I said that one season. I mean, how many years ago is that? I'll wear this guy be like eight years ago for crying out. At least eight. What was the year for that? That big, uh, Stanley Capfinal. Yeah, 97, someone in the end of the last one days. Oh, Andrew Aswood. It's been interesting story about him and if I'm in the right mood one of these days, I might tell it on the year. Really? Oh, yeah. Andrew Aswood? Do we need to give you some mumbled juice? I mean, what? Don't know the story? Which one? Oh, I'm not going to tell. I'm not going to lead me there, okay? You got me now. No, no. No. Pass you to a normal kid. Oh, I don't know that story. You're welcome. Okay, I'll tell you something. They off here. Okay. Wait there first break. I think George knows the story. Yeah. We have to go now. That story. A little band leader. Oh, I think it's a prerequisite to be on this season. This is just a bundle of last. It's a panic. Every day is in the trash. Yeah. I got a fact here from Ken from the Tobacco, which is right up the road here, but Toronto, I don't Hey, Ken, just like to pivot to PYM is on the internet now. It's not on the year. So it doesn't count on our employees. A little pushy. Just calm down, Ken. Have a nice day. Yep, and the Tobacco. No, it's no matter ground here. The sun is shining. There's not a bit of snow here. Not one flick. And then, also, we've got a foot today. He's getting a foot. Well, you should see this building. You got a few flakes. Yeah, I'm sure that. Oh, it's thick of that. This bread. Oh, this sells department now. When you think they can't get a lower, they find a new level. They find a new depth. This guy, you hear the storm. Sure, he did the beast's hoodie about bricks performance at the, at the Burning Coast or stay counts. Oh, beast and Tommy. He's a head. Well, I got a lot of stuff to do after we did that. Yeah, Ken. This new seal. In fact, at the end of my show, he has a two o'clock hairdressen. You still there. So, don't leave. I've got a cool stock here. So, it comes into a to announce very proudly that he got added like 10 words to the copy for the, they want to count that he inherited when animal x. So, that's his claim to fame. I said, well, okay, that's great, but go sell something would be a good idea. You know, like I'm going to pat him on the head. So, he shows up at the Burning Coast R. And the director of the steakhouse. And nobody has any idea who he is. He doesn't belong here. It's not his account. And he sits down orders the biggest primary. They got he wants the shrimp cocktail. It wants everything on a menu, and the beast says, really right or somebody said do my yeah he says I'm from New York this is the way we do things up there okay I'm part of the station I'm gonna get whatever I can oh how do you like that another obnoxious New Yorker just hey Brett you're not fooling anybody you're another bull hard basically shaking you said in the agreement yeah well what makes find these people they have loser written all of their forehead it's like him blazing under forehead loser and it's who's doing the hiring yeah losers losers and losers that's what we had passed him on passable i would be man it was like a a every day we went to work as a golden a a meeting you know if when I first moved out here I moved here to sell time for w tbj you know I was I was that time buyer in New York and everyone rough redneck was doing the news that I could news the artist and again in New York that was the greatest job in the world you were making a hundred dollars a week but all the sales guys would take out to the four seasons or whatever for once right you know you need like if that's how you get this way you know and we take these three hour months right and when I moved down here I took out a media buyer for lunch and we had a order fest because the buyer had to get back to work and forty-five minutes in a restaurant I ordered a drink oh we don't drink down here at lunch I thought wow what a I'm gonna have to get used to this place but that's the way New York was it just so there were days where they they'd have the secretary's calling different bars of restaurants looking for you because these media guys would take you out and sell people would take you out for long lunch is I'll be doing it I do see now I have another belt Mike yeah knows his little like Santa Claus yeah so the York said W2bj back in the Golden Bay is right 166 yeah Ralph Renic and Bob we were we were the Weatherman yeah yeah yeah Skipper Jocker I was a great those were great days Ralph Renic ratings in those days phenomenal yeah like 25 that's rating that's sure 25 rating for a newscast I ran in the him in a supermarket one day the only time I met him and then I called him on the air a couple times he used to use editorial with the end of the housecast and a couple times I called him I never expected him to take the call he always came right on the phone and I said boy I really love what you said tonight well thanks a lot and he all I really appreciate it coming for me yeah he was a good guy he really was real right we're here and also speaking like I'm on a soda pop every now and wow I think that's what did a minute isn't it yeah I had to get a new liver really yep I'll be down but that's that whole business about getting a new liver maybe he should have been on the Oprah show she's in fact this or Thursday she's given away a new liver everybody it's a crowd anybody have a heart yeah yeah yeah too much I don't know but I we were talking about the other day I love liver and onions and but but I stopped eating it many years ago because I started thinking about the liver is the you know collect all the toxins from the bodies yeah still like it wasn't a while I haven't had it in years there was a place called vanilla is indeed true I used to have the best liver and onions you could ever you christie they were all gables yeah they have liver and onions there's a lot of great restaurants in Detroit that's before they decided to burn the city down that was a great city home I know I don't know replace the service casually really well you could have just left a black here I know every place that serves but since they closed down the availability man it's just never going to be the same needs to bring food since we're over anytime we want to make a great tasty from there all the best oh my goodness but it just didn't the same as it used to be you know what's the close to famous inability that was like a message like joys as I said a message like it's a go to a belt I think is a message they were sending I have to go see George yeah I think about good old Andrew Anthony Woods okay yeah he had the some issues let's put it that way well I will get shown you I'm gonna set a world record speed record down here in the area I don't think he knows this story do you about Andrew yeah I know a story okay well we'll answer one well I don't see what story he knows then we'll compare notes okay don't lose too much not today see you too he plans your mind being releasing a limited supply of previously helped to eat for sale in the general public tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sessions tickets go on sale Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m. and start as low as $10 and these are in limited supply will go fast call 1-800-4 NBA Jets check out ticket master calm or any ticket master location he plans mark your calendars for Tuesday I cover for that 10 a.m. this is the day individual games that just go on sale for all he home games this might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad which C-way wins oh How long for this for no more? You know that you're a little bit less done You can't find that brand new Xbox No need to be so bad as fun And means to pay your time as we got Can you go down and go down there and stop? My question, what every kid wants A rare set change never falls everywhere Now the tyranny I hear The daily and the shelves are tough Take one out, fix the old house right away When the day you're done, you're born And why? And to really just as we could just say Someday we'll live with you Your kid will be so long Stand up and go back to sleep and with any need That's the way it goes Yes, I know it's over, I have a stop going far And you're going to get the way of the gun With Ryan to leap in James Khan Can't wait, I'll check the mail before I leave Well there you go When a dog is taken out So he's going to hank whatever story You know? I brought him up to my level of understanding I see Before the show tomorrow I'll give you any of the stuff Fill in the blanks Alright, and you can like it Something from going forward to It'd be like a play with a fortune Fill in some of the way Don't think about me, I'm like many of the people in that building Which is another reason I'm so glad that I'm out there It seems that there are many several people in that place Hyperventilating about things that have really nothing And do with their lives, you know, their careers I don't pay any attention Things that have no relationship to me You don't say? What are you saying? I'm not going to go there But you follow the just now I hear this I don't really care about the end of those rumors Because they have nothing to do with me So I just don't give a fine crap Clarence Okay, let's see Where do we start? A Marlins and San Antonio officials Meet this week, this is their first meeting With officials from another city And you know what? Bye-bye boys, okay? Everybody in there probably trying to help you out But it's not enough, it's never enough You know, John Henry and for this one And that one and that bye-bye To be our worst problem Pull the took, I guess it can't stand And we in there loud no individuals Because we know exactly what it would have been Religious nuts, 501 They went by as Zillion Miles The Getski's out there who are destroying America Taking away your freedoms and Christianizing America I got a great story about that today And the better late to never category Where it is that it's down in my pile Jewish leaders to devise strategy To develop a response to the religious right We're saying as the roting civil liberties And pending to Christianize America And they're finding an open up amount 100% Well, do you go? Of course, they found a mentalist Jews The Orthodoxy are going Oh, they cut the crap Anyway, I can't stand religious nuts 501 South Florida drivers won 28 The US government won 16 Tony's 104 New Yorkers like Brett in our sales department A real obnoxious discussion in the Yorker 91 Stupid people, 67 Love Miles 62 People who stink 53 South Florida 52 Black people 49 This poll 44 Redneck 42 Go to the dentist 35 And drunk 35 What about if you have a drunk dentist? People on Southone But third man His Spanish 29 Jews 27 Being married 17 Real ladies shows Telfone's holster is 50 The peace screaming Queens to fare 14 Well, these people 13 FPNL 13 My in law 12 Thumbless boys people 11 Don't make the mess when you're running over now Sports nerds nine white people nine Jamaicans six month The SEC6 FANG 6 How about FANGs you make in the month? Oh, darn any? Three loader six doctors for my boss One are radio crimes only one How to 6123 votes? Look at the time already it's getting away from us Ain't it? It is better to do that for us. Let's look at that schedule over here. First we got to mole mice through it too. You got to vote in the bowman at four Kimbo Bokeh for man. Belgo of course is overworked. Having done one show in a row yesterday. Hurricane Hotline from Bernie Coast our state house at seven The FedEx Orange Volk College football show at nine Whatever that is and then any case in a climb. The FedEx Orange Volk College football show. I'll be glued to that. I'll come in here and I'll just fall on the floor Listen. I'll pause from it. 1015 a QA missed that most wonderful time in the year Unless you're one of these things a people Wait to crowded malls and the crazed shoppers The long range is your lines. Parking hassles all these. All of you say. So this year make you give giving a little bit easier for you and your loved ones give them a down mattress Gift certificate. When you call 1 800 mattress you're in order down mattress gift certificate. A denomination in the new bed makes a great idea of gift that lasts for years. When you call 1 800 mattress you choose them seriously. Service Simmons stirrens in foster King Carl temper pedic and did you suffer some damage maybe from the hurricane maybe that's why I need no matters. Maybe need to bet for those last minute Univine how to guess whatever your deal. Call 1 800 mattress you get same day delivery from 80 to 10 pm. You still pick the day in time for delivery to figure schedule and dial mattresses might be proud and well deserved of their on time record 99.7% of the time. They're right number one of the universe in customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years. I wouldn't dream about buying a mattress any other way. Why be stupid? Before those guess you're right, pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress or log on to mantras.com. Just that one easy calls all the takes 1 800 MATPRES. Be sure to leave off the last ask because it stands for. Are you all right? All right. I think so. The car is a million people experience unfortunate incident every year. One insurance company has you covered. So when accidents happen, when disaster strikes. Think. If happens insurance, we know there are something you can control after all. If. We got a lot of heavy rain from the storm blister flooded my basement. Cost thousands of dollars in damage. I lost a lot of my belongings. Who's devastating? But then I remember. She happens. She happens insurance. Covering your family when accidents and disaster strike. Because we know. She happens. She happens. She happens in the city area. Holy. Incorporated. Those are going to be the most beautiful briefs in history. They're just perfect. I listened to them over and over again. Just make sure that each and every one was surgically perfect and they are. What a beautiful thing. And when there's a fact finally, after three days of begging and asking. And I still don't understand this. I and a brought worst is a brought word. A brought worst. I and brought worst is one brought worst. I don't understand. I. So what is I. I. I. I don't care what anybody tells me. I. I. S. So how can I. I don't know. I guess before another word, it's like. I. I. I didn't even tell me how to spell head. All the brought without bread. I. H. E. D. Believe me. I know my head. Kind brought no bread. So. T. And I told him many many times in Germany. They serve the brought were telekin. Call on. They give it a brought was on a little cardboard thing. And then they. The bread is like a little hard role is next to the Browers. But like they don't put it in it in Berlin. They sure they stick it in there. But like the bread is like takes up on the middle third day. So it like a nice holder. It's like a holder for the. So if you don't the Atkins, you know what he's the bread. Yeah. You just hold the bread. You eat the. You nibble around it. You know what I'm saying? Okay. For the poll that we're doing today. What radio station you listen to most from music. Somebody says W.J. N. A. 648. And after 7 p.m. it's like the 50s and 60s radio all over again. Why? Like that. W.J. N. A. 640. Let's put that on. We can add some more on here, right? Yeah. Of course. We're still new in this one. Although came from a Tobacco. Now, Tobacco is to Toronto like Delray beaches to a four Loverdale. I mean, it's north of the city. It's a suburb. And can't every now and then he must be the one person listening here. And it's wonderful having you. Can't have a great day. But anyway, he says on your full radio stations in South Florida, you're missing W.P. Why I'm part of the 93-point one for dance music, which I listen to on the internet. What can does know I guess is that it's only on the internet. That's not. That's. Sorry, yes, if he likes that crap, I mean, that's great music. It's still longer over the year. So it's not a radio station. It's strictly an internet only thing. It's looking forward to listening to you on a radio when I'm in Florida and January. Thanks. Okay. Everybody say, can sunny sky ain't too bad. No snow. Somebody says satellite radio. And of course with Howard making all the rounds right now, we'd be a coward. Not to put on Howard. So let's put satellite radio. Got these? We got it. Do you get me? We got it. Okay. Josh lost his time in heroin. Well, you know, the microphone and the typewriter not near each other. So I see. They can be an accident. Right. Okay. Probably have said if there's you got a check and he didn't pass away. Go. He can wait till his birthday. Get to see it. Sir, we are. Once you've heard they just. May. Oh, no problem. You may get it. I'll get around to it. Just relax. Now, when do you go on a way? When is everybody going away? Nobody tells me this stuff. And then all of a sudden I come into one day and like there's nobody there. I'll be gone next week. Next week. You'll be gone. So under these trying to say like, oh, well, if you're going to sense I'm doing it now before I go away. Better overnight. That's what I'm doing. I'll think about it. I must go eat it for space. And let's see. And George is going to be, now, which is the week I'm confused about it. You'll have a week of the year. Twenty six. The week of the twenty six. Oh, because now I'm working on the twenty six. Right. Which is the which I could have that day off. Which is like Thanksgiving, man. Boy, do I do it or what? That's because I can take other days off at other times. Correct. But I think I don't know anyway. Back in the morning Friday because you'll be on. Right. That's correct. Okay. Anybody out there keep in track of these things good. So anyway, here's what the deal is on the pull from yesterday. What radio stations you listen to most from music. Comedy votes we got. Eight hundred and fifteen. All right. So I even 10 30. I think we got a shot in the thousand. They don't you. We do. Don't listen to any of them. They all stock for it in 36 over 50%. That's if that's going to be a message. You radio program is done. And I'm not there. I would do any good because we've been telling the same thing for years and years. And you wouldn't know the programming in good music. If somebody stuck it in your ear. But that's the way it is in South Florida. The music kind of radio blows. It is pathetic. So listen to the all stock for it in 43. WBGG Big 66 magic 51 in spite of Obhamilton. Is that the Hamilton from Hamilton Joe Frank and Reynolds? You know, like, hey, where I got my time-life CVs, the 70s music explosion. But all the pull and CDs. This is really pretty good deal. Yeah. It's good to go. It's good to go. This 14. This you didn't even hear the little legends. This stuff from you on the left. I don't know. Okay. We'll get to that. We'll do it on the ear. We'll do it on the left. That's to me. Magic 51. Kiss 45. Oh, man. They're picking it. You're right about this crowd. Underground or Power Radio 32. Love 94 had. Pop 10. You know what? Why? What kind of a person listens to love 94? A sued date. No, really? Yeah. Yeah. Listen to jazz. Get out of here. Somebody. The coach 22 while 118. Top 105, 17. WDKPx16. Old Packer hiders still pumping it out. But it's about an ounce of sound. Because the signal is bad, George said. Maybe they had a cup of power down. WRMS16. Power 90615. That's your was not our crowd. And by the way, anything they're doing over there. We got nothing to do with it. WHDR13. WEDR10. WVUM9. Mega 94.9. 8. Woo! That is big. Wait a minute. MGE isn't that mega? I don't know mega. All right. Yes. Most of you got like a duplication on your ear. If you do me a favor, you don't have to. Because MGE don't have any voice. Because that is mega 94. That's my bad. I think it's Josh's bad because he confused me. It told me it was MGE and somebody told you that. But it's referred to as mega 90. Whatever. Life 8 or audio hit mode has got a pair of set. I already just put under somebody got one. By the way, Howard. Huh? I keep getting facts as for people with one internet radio station or another. We're not putting internet radio stations on there. Those aren't radio. No. I mean, at least satellite radio is radio. The internet is not a radio. Shmucks. WMIB1. WRMA. A radio romansia. Scolament. WGNA has the big zero. WMG. We have to take that out. The radio on more has got setto. Oh, right. That's the big. Can't like those got across the street over there. It is made for the export station. Nice going, Joel. Not you idiot. You're quizzing you. You're fair. So 827 votes will have over 900 by the time. Little hand hits the big hand. We're going to zoom on. We're going to have to pull for tomorrow. We'll work on later. I already got that one. Thanks to our good friends, Sean. I said, you're Sean. Keep those polls coming, man. He is a lifesaver. I don't want to have them on to be in butcher up. Oh, look at this. Please push this as clear as possible. I want to say this to your parents. Because this is why nothing is going to be in sports. But you're just over the top. If you want to talk to your hyper ventilating hysterical people. As you should know, the only time I can have her ventilating hysterical when I don't could pay. The rest of the time, I don't care about all the other politics and machinations and rumors and hysteria. And I'm not one of those people at the call. It was I. I'll look up to her friends. And I'm kind of curious. I got to ask, think that this morning without getting any substance of the issue. Why he called? Well, here's rumors around. I mean, that a book, but about all kinds of stories on the street. Nobody cares. As long as I get paid, that's all I care about. They may sound selfish. But when you work on this radio station, man, it's the only way to be. The only way to be. Because this is not exactly what you call a bunch of team players. Not to mention a name. But we got some team players. We got some who are not. And then, of course, we got that sales department. And it's salesmen who do scared, schmittless of me and a lot of other people. And hides back there like some kind of lunatic. And hide people like Brett, loud, mouth, Brett. Hey, Brett, by the way, pay for the prime room and the other stuff. Bernie Coast, I ran running a charity down there. Okay, you idiot. You quizzing. You're fair. Yeah. So this is what we need is another loser from New York. Hey, you're a bitch. He's a new robber. He's a football and just girls and such. And we're back here and San Fran again. Where's the women, don't outnumber men. Also was a fry. I was petrified. I knew they can't go as they were in the pool. We had some fun. And happy males see it. Fun to stay at the wild. Yeah, I was. Yeah, I was. Come to get a cowboy. I was telling you. I was going to try to get those songs. Yeah, that would've been a good idea. You know, George and I have a little contest going on his birthday today. And if he wins, the check for tears and I thought I'd be stopped paying him. What were you doing that before the show today? I was playing all these oldies. He says, my time life music is closing to this 70s. Whatever that thing is called. I never actually, my men and those informers will do no me. Yeah. And I got no sales resistance. But it's good up for her. And I actually watched the one, the information I thought I would buy because I hate Country music like 99% of it. But I just watched it because I'm so fascinated with what retardos those people are. What is it about all them people from Nashville that are hats down on big old eggs? They're very, very strange. They're really strange. You know, like Randy Travis, you ever seen him? Yeah. He's bizarre. He really strange. When you're, you know, sleep with the keem. And what is that? What is that? That 4,000 years of inbreeding is that what it done? It can do some damage. Maybe it's maybe the dog done it. 858 votes already just passed 1030 more. We're on a collision course with history. Come out to Hurricane Hotline to 97 o'clock with head coach Larry Coker at Bernie Coast by our steakhouse in South Miami. And you can eat bread from ourselves to from a hillby there trying to stuck up all the free food. They had a little smacked him in the head. That charge him double. How many, what has he been there about 2-3 weeks? Some like that? And how many he's looking for freebies? What? The sauce something first? Then we might be impressed. Then we might share with you some of that seafood. Maybe a little bit of our pizza. How do you like that? Right. You idiot. Typical New York loudmouth. I'm not just piece of crap. I don't even know what his name is. What's his name? Summer's breakfast. Yeah. Let's taste that. Okay. Let's do one cookie here. Okay. Or is it the name of the American? I like the coke. The coke meat is. The new secret is man. You better get it right. I like it. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. It's always tough when the first of words are they had a little of a song. How many QAM? Hello. Our very first call of the day. This could be this could make us a break. QAM. Hey Mr. Neil Rogers, are you? Okay. Sir, how are you? All right. Pretty good. I wanted to wish doors a happy weekend. And I just saved my whole body. Right. You just came just whole body. Just the newer to last word got simpler. But that's the way. This saved this whole body. I sure hope it was using that nice custom. Plus. You're not razor. I was thinking about that this morning. I'm so excited about the fact that I used the best razor going. I don't care what punk knows over there says. There's, you know, I picked actually picked up because I, you know, I like to be a little flexible. If you're okay. Maybe I'm wrong and mold funny, buddy. And I picked up my turbo max history. Whatever the thing is. Yes, you may. Okay. I did about two strokes with that baby. And that was the end of that. That, that, it hurts. That thing you can feel it. And it's a new blade too. Yeah. Maybe it's a, yeah. Blame it. I don't know. But these pivot plus custom, well, the lubricant, the lubed tubes, tripper, whatever. These things are the best. You didn't even feel like you're shaving it. So you continue doing whatever you want and being Mr. expert. And, you don't know what you're talking about. The state has considered a major physician. The effort to write a law regulating Barrett County slot machines yesterday. But key difference is remain with the Senate. I have many machines that will be allowed how much to tax them. I know one thing they won't all be good machines, man. I know that. There will be several bad machines. They've built the animously approved yesterday by the House Business Regulation Committee called for a whopping 55% tax and slot machines at Barrett's Free Horses and Dogtracks. And it's how our front-hand limits the facilities to a thousand machines each. A thousand machines, man. They've much. Woodbinds got 1700 or spending in 2400. So a thousand make too much. And it's also got a picture in this story, too. Again, must be the only to see how pretty they got at the Sun's Channel. The same people play in real, of torture. There's still planet. The House did rapid physician of approval only class two machines, which look like slots, but our airs are still based on the game of Bingo. And they will go along with the sense demand for Las Vegas Class 3 machines, man. To many treatment, Frank Atkinson, Republican at Kissimmee said, the movement on the type of machine is the major concessions by House Speaker Alan Benz. And suggested the Senate needs also to make some movement on its position. It's on taxes. The Speaker is very much behind 55% of Kenton's and say he's very committed to this build away. It is. If that's so, Senator Dennis Jones said lawmakers may not be able to come up with an agreement during this special session called this week to deal with the sponsors. You and find as Governor Jeff Bush has proposed Medicaid overhaul. All of her other. When you go to negotiations, you have to give a little bit said, Jones, Republican at Seminole, who said the Senate has changed his position on taxes three times while the House hasn't budged. I don't know how you negotiate if the other side doesn't compromise. So if they stay at 55%, I would predict we have no Billy said. The Senate bill calls for a 45% tax rate. They originally were called for a 35. They went up to a 45 and I was like, no 55% not 50%. Lawmakers were required to write the law. And I'm not supposed to be required by law to write the law by July. First, they didn't do it. And the public answered, Lord, it is goes on. I'm optimistic we will leave here with a bill, but if we don't leave here with a bill, my prediction is they start without a student said. There was no school I had to do it. And they sure, hey guys, just go ahead and do it. Alan Solomon and Dick Fineberg on my friends at Pompano Park. And my friends at whoever they are. And my friends in the gate community and the state community. All the people at Gulf Stream and Daniel Highly and Hollywood Grant, just go ahead and stick them in there. Okay, take them to court. They haven't got to lay the stand on your fan as governor. And it's bunch of redness in the state house. What a bunch of you who is man. If you look up redness, you'll see a picture of a whole floor of the land right there. They're all there to get it. It's true. Yay, who's? And your fan asked governor to only him out. Chris Eastwood is with other issues trying to keep all his family out of the slamer. 862, 1602 votes on that radio pool. And the overwhelming consensus is south of radio music blows. W2AN hello. Not there on two. Mark that one on the log. W2AN hello. I knew. Let that sounds really coming to my papa. I didn't get some free chicken. Yeah, pop my name. Coming to my papa. I asked. That sounded like olive oil. W2AN hello. W2AN hello. Good to be on your side. You got them all whipped up today. Apparently. All your people. W2AN's original birthday line. I'm hanging for me. I'm hanging for me. I'm hanging. Now you're gay as me. Now I'm all I am complete. Oh no. I want more before the break. All I'm performing is the Perché. Frenki. Oh thank for the second. I'll show you a turkey dynamic with the I just keep thinking stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and stupid and got those windows for me swapped meals without choosing the And our kids really think we don't have to work like getting joy sandwiches. Now one single little teeny tiny creep in that whole thing. Not one little fart. Aren't we lucky? We are. Come to Hurricane Hotline tonight at 7pm with head coach Larry Cochord. Bernie Cosa our stay-thousand staff, Miami. If Brett shows up, but I've been. I play for Johnum. I really used to have some of those unfortunate incidents at the Ford. Things like that. Still the cross? Yeah. And then the phone. That's the bridge. That's it. All right. Don't change now. All right. Hmm. And I've lost him as well. I'm going to have already come to this curb track here in this time. Oh, you don't know this? Why know this time, but I don't have to say this. Take it. Give me that. Well, what's happening here is one. It was just, it was there to start work. That's it. All right. 560, 750, 60 pound, 560, the Verizon singular. Wireless Lines. Come on. Let's get with it here today. This is just starting off like yesterday. It's similar with craft. Very slow. Probably because there are any more radio stations on here. For that pool and they've got no will material. They've got a call to wish you a happy birthday and unhappy birthday. Oh, very sad. That's what tax is very nice. Did you really think? For just 41 today, you'd all didn't get great. And he's got to, he's got to black her and his head. Sold or he member all those sons. That must be the reason. Only old parts like us remember this crap. W 2 a.m. Hello. Okay. And that was the only. That was the only one that was ringing. Sounds like somebody's calling the plug on our phone today. And let's see. Now I'm glad I mean most of the day today be a different many other day. Reports says Tamaflu is useless for the avian flu. Oh, no. A lot of people were stuck enough. Keep buying it because Rumswell's got a lot of stuck in it. Makes his portfolio get real fat every time he got in by a bunch. Of the end of the meet doctor with experience in treating avian flu says Tamaflu. The drug being stuck for treatment of avian flu is useless against the virus. Dr. Nian Klong van of these set up for trouble disease in Hanhoye has treated 41 victims of avian age five and one. Follow in W 2 by two guidelines and mystery and Tamaflu to her patients. He told us sometimes of London to medicine had no effect. Zip at a doodah. None. We've placed no importance on using this drug. And our patients he said Tamaflu is really only meant for treating ordinary type av flu. Ordinary flu a. It was not combined to combat age five and one. Don't work. The news paper said the finding cast doubt on the British government's pandemic flu policy. The nation's top medical officers are Sir Lee and Donaldson is ordered 15 million doses of Tamaflu to be stuck file. Of course we do in the same in the USA. Van said the only way to keep avian flu patients alive is to support other vital organs to clean the liver and kidneys. With modern technology like ventilators and dialysis machines. Make sure you have a good machine that said it times reported. The W 8 Joseph knowledge Tamaflu had not been widely successful on human patients, but says it believes it would have been more effective in the aging countries. It had been used earlier in the illness. Well, your mama turns out no way. So if you want to go out and buy a bunch of Tamaflu, always get to have a bunch of drugs in a run. That's what George says. If I bring some drugs to your George Day for his birthday. That's the right thing to do. W 2 I M. Hello. You have to listen to the love line for and I'm neither gay nor homophobic to know the short. But when I get a bit of a five o'clock traffic and I look over and I got your kind of fun. And I want to put my sister's window. I just listen to the love line for and it caused me down. There you go. Excellent. Good and soft for the reasoning. That's right. Thank you. See there you go. I'm going to make some more mellow if you want to be mellow. Ever if I'm mellow yellow by Donovan. Yeah, we hope not. I don't have that song on you. Quite right. Quite late. W 2 I M. Hello. Hey, you know the other day you were talking about a razor and how crazy you are getting. We're all the blades on the razor. Like 25 years ago when Saturday night live was actually funny. You did one of those commercials. And they said they called it the this is on the tool. And razor cannot be called it the triple head and the tagline or because you believe anything. Right. So just go to show you there. What I had an assignment you know people bought him. And I've had rings or whatever. Yeah, all right. Fifty's got 15 blades. Maybe it ought to be the best shape. I was thinking about this morning when I was enjoying my tremendous comfortable shape with my pivot and I was just thinking about that thing. And I'm thinking about it. And I'm thinking about something is got three blades or four blades. That doesn't mean it's going to be a better shape. But where's the logic in that? They're just pedalling a bunch of old, the more better. Yeah, right. Well, that must make it well with seventy five blades. What do you say about that? And then the then the cartridge could be as big as your whole head. Just one quick stroke man and your whole side of your face is not. You want to go out and you hear using that turbo while whatever that mach nail thing is go. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed the good vibrations. But it's not for me. Doesn't come even close to giving this same shape is my very inexpensive. Uh, you'll let whatever that thing is to the plus. But you know, John, you're the expert on that. Although I think he said time to take an intern on this whole issue last couple minutes. I just say hey different strokes. He's there to be a lot more agreeable. I won't help. Let's see. What really are all tries and enough. I'm not going to send it up like FedEx. I'm not slipping all the way over there. If you know how cold it was here, it's pretty damn cold. Do you think I'm slipping over to a canco's system of FedEx? Got it. What's huh? You'll pick it up. Mine is five stals to you. What is that about? Twenty years three, twenty four degrees. Something like that. Turn it. Oh, it is. It's sunny. It looks pretty nice out there. It is no snow on the ground for reason over here. It is nasty cold. Roodle. But you know what? It sure beats being there. It's not. WDQAM Hello. Hey, I got one for the ball. Yes sir. 88.1. What is that? It's rock station. Fair enough to fail. It's a rock station. It's a rock station. 88.1. 88.1 is so far below. That's like public radio. It's like weight off the earth. It is. Below that. Might be a higher station. Yeah. I think it is actually. Oh, well, man. Somebody, we already got that on there. Underground and power radio. Get with it. Pally. Get with it. Get with the pirates. That's what Bob Prince would say. Engine woods. WDQAM Hello. And running for Terry. QAM. I'm not. I'm not. Good for you. And they hate you like poison. In fact, they're a whole bunch of not going to your girl right now. I'd answer it. WDQAM Hello. I'm looking for Stan. Major. He always needs some money. Yeah, good. Looking at the dumpster back your house. WDQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I want to thank you for turning me on the body wash. Yeah. Well, they fan. I put it on. It's the best. What's the use? Well, I've got 13 different bottles, man. Really? Number. Yeah. All the time. It was the very man myself. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. You're very. Start from your minutes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. He's a passionate raspberry. He's passionate fruit is what he says. Something like that. He also said that. Well, if you know, these people are like carrots. They're a pair of jungle. They're like man birds. They're a minature. Just keep repeating this and whatever I say they said then, you're somebody else's. They just repeat it back over and over again. Thats, thats, thats, thats, thats, thats. I can do it to it. Thats, thats, thats, thats, thats, thats, thats, thats. And not to it, hey, wow. You had it to do it. It's not to it, I can reason. Even, who's it, who's it to go. You see, even that's not all. It's not like that. Yeah. That's where it's at. So it's worth it. That's what it's like. Now, see on today, oh yeah, he's on to the mobile micro. He's back from his travels from his broadcast in Pittsburgh. How about in there? Who'd have the niggles? Bangles. Bangles are good man. The bangles are for real, they're the real deal. They're the coasts, and then there's like four or five pretty dark good teams. And then they're basically just sucks. They pretty good teams are Cincinnati. See, Addle. San Diego. Who'd have the spot? Don't tell me Tampa Bay plays, then, Scrooing points. Who'd have the spot? The bears. The bears. The bears, baby. The bears when they're beginning, course the fact they're trying to comb a division doesn't hurt any, but the bears. They're bears play a real team. And you'll see the real bears. A German Protestant youth group was put together a 2000s head calendar with 12 staged photos. They're picking you, Roddick seems from the Bible, including a bear-breasted Delilah, cutting Sanctions here, and a nude Eve are offering an apple. Oh boy. I told you it was not that screwed on the tree, it was the pair on the ground. There's a whole range of biblical scriptures simply bursting with a lot of systems, said, Steph on Weast. The 32-roll photographer who took the titillating pictures in Berlin. Well, a lot of us have perverts in Germany, I hope that's why I like it there a lot. And, Rome, or 21, poses on a doorstep in garters and stockings as the prostitute, La Trosta tuta, Rahab, who's mentioned in both new and old testament, Siro from Rahab. Ray had it. Ray had it. Is she's in rehab? Ray had the A-rabbit. Oh. We'll all know where anything I got that on here is coming. That's right. Ray's the best. Yeah. I do have the race Stevens on here, so we're not that one. We wanted to represent the Bible in a different way, and the interest young people to the people who are going to get young people who are going to have sex, sex, sex, sex. Anyway, doesn't say you're an abobbidure for being the show yourself nude. That is not. Burn grass, you're passed to the church in Nuremberg where the calendar is being sold. The enthusiastic believer was enthusiastic about the project, which is explained online at www.bevelcalinder.de, dwitzland. Be I ve-alct with calendar with a k, bevelcalinder.de. It's just wonderful when teenagers commit themselves with their hair, and their skin to the Bible, he said, what does that mean with their hair and their skin? Huh? I don't give it. Anyway, Biblecalinder.de, if you want to see some dirty pictures or whatever is on, right on. See that all are lost across the tutas. See that back in biblical days they were horned. It was horned and it were horned, and that's just a way to go. But of course, today we got all these professional censors now. All this is disgusting. You see now that they're just going to run a fort, and this is a good thing actually. And so long over due, they're going to force the cable operators to start selling all-acar packages, which is good. Why should people have to pay for classes that they're never going to watch? Why should I have to pay to add Janet Paul, clutch on my TV set, huh? Right? Oh, that's the only I'm talking about down there. My cable here, I got no complaints. You know, I have a lot of those gizpy channels. What's the mother good for last? Well, when you got 800 channels, you shouldn't have to worry about their stuff being on her. You're not watching because there's so much that you have to watch. Oh, yes, what we was on last night, you know, I've mentioned, which is very perverted and it's very depressing, but it also has got to be one of the funniest things is happiness, was on again. Oh, and I thought it's almost from the beginning, and I couldn't turn it off. I watched it all the way through, wait last night. It's not unsettling is what I would say. Yeah, it's disturbing. A lot of movies are disturbing. And the thing about every character in that movie, even the little kids, every character is screwed up. Right. Every character is got some of the issues, as they say. Even though Michael, what's his name, so let's see more Hoffman. Right? He's so good. He's such a great actor. Yeah, he is. Right? That's several issues. Well, I don't think this is a movie where he puts the postcard on the wall. Yeah, that scene was before I think I can pass on that. Well, let's make an collection there, okay? I know. And it's true, stays on strike safe. In glue. 1057 at 560WM, dry concepts have been said about their expertise in carpet cleaning for a long, long time, and been using it myself for over 20 years. Well, the holidays season here is time to make the call to have your homicenatized. And I'm not just talking about your carpeting, either. Because dry concepts also specialize in a post-reclining, leather cleaning, drape cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, get rid of those nasty dust mites, and lots more. And during this month, during December, that concept has got a special offer to keep your sleeping like a baby. No matter how clean your home is, it's almost impossible to eliminate those dust mites. And did you also know that dust mites are the number one cause of allergies? Not good stuff. So do yourself and your family of favorite, get rid of those dust mites today. The easy way by making one call to dry concepts. So whether it's your carpeting, or post-relead, or the furnishings, drape or any of the rugs, or this month's special, that's my cleaning, the only company out of it think about calling is dry concepts. No scams, they're across a stupidus unbeatable job every time and a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the work. And Dave Rower to the Palm Beach is calm toll free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. And be sure to tell them that all Neil, I'm going to line the old part, all Neil pointed to call. Or on the web, I'll work it way of it. So, I'll write concepts.com. This is Neil Roger. This is my 60th. A-B-A-B-A. Go to the door and bring me a couple of photos. Go to the door and bring me a couple of photos. Any questions? No, no, no, no, no, no. Guys, baby! What a day! Yeah, I'll be in the mall next year. Only tonight's mall, baby. You better go ahead and play with it. You're too bold, man. Just a second. Oh, okay, man. What's that? It's nothing. It's a... No, no, man. Who's going to be funny about the fifth part, baby? But right, it's hooker-piss-body with all the flyers' screens. It's a big doggy. Three inch by two. Give me one needle by twelve yards. And remove the bullsee. You're going to be in the mall. It's nothing. It's a big fish. I put on a red bean shirt. And that's that the room. All we know is a big boy job. And that bitch is down to you. All man! And I'm not going to be good, man. Hooker, bitch, body. And coming to our grave, talking, pig. Bitch, bitch, you're a bitch. You're a bitch, you're a bitch. You're a bitch, you're a bitch. I should have put it down. I should have put it down. Ha ha ha ha. All right. Have a heard it in a long time. You want to get into the up there, I assume. Yes. Well, it's the new season of Road Rules versus Roll. There's nothing else right now. Whatever. It's just started. It's season. I don't know where to go. I'm very mixed back there. But I think you like some of the things in the mix. I see. I don't know where to how to find it now. When you've had 800 channels and I haven't watched it. Looked in the so long. A little something for everyone here. I see. Well, let me just, I'll be back with you folks. One of these, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh shove it in a box there where kinko is then we go off to what would find lose my ass Probably good idea to do it that way. It's run on the way Anyway, how we uh, it's the holiday time of the year man everybody ought to be given given instead of a QM where everybody's psychotic I did you hear about fair saying I just Take a chill all you crazy people who cares All these people with their big egos like everybody's life is hinging on all this crap going on your disinternessing garbage Yeah, correct see I can see why some people will be upset about certain things that may or may not be too like Parents and muffers, and Maddieville and the water Nazi and Gary Sarner people like that follow what I'm saying Anyway, 951 votes that's the important thing our pool 951 and where we have in fun for example Open The token the token the token send the lion leads tonight of course Designs tapes tonight Some of these are pretty easy. Yeah, anyway. What radio states not internet radio? That's not on your radio if it's satellite radio that's radio if it's a commercial radio It's a lie if you pick it up on your radio that's what we're talking about Remember the radio? Yeah, it's such a good thing as it it radiates You know, I think the first time I ever went to New York one of the things that fascinated me so much about man-hantin was Every block of Manhattan was just loaded with all those electronic stores and back in those days You know all these little transistor radio is in years most but the transistor radio was the most fascinating thing because those are we I had a little white still coat transistor radio those like heart is it was rock solid. Yeah, you couldn't break it if you tried I tried plastic you know and I would not to college with that thing and of course It was really great because you've been in a lifetime here WADC from New York and WLS from Chicago and CKL But you're all in your 50,000-wide giants would come in there and eat land sing and that was great Anyway, I guess that was boring. I thought it was exciting But that's back in the day when you coveted your radio and it was something that was a valuable possession Kind of like when you are blackberries right now, they better not miss with our blackberries I'm gonna be really peored. You know the good news for me though is that it's a Canadian company And they're only trying to get the blackberry service this continued in the US your problem not mine Oh, anybody what radio stations are the most famous for music don't listen they all suck 475 that's just a here under 50% out of 951 almost 50% WBGBG big 74 oh that must be because of Paul and Ron Let's see magic 54. Well, says for music. I don't think they play any music Magic 54. Oh, that's very sad. Let's think in a magic what about This What's funny there's just ahen Oh I don't know, you'll see that. No, close to the high of the other. I think he has two parents. Very good. Very juicy. What was it that I said, man? I'm here with anybody. They cannot disco all they want in their music. They cannot get all they want. They're full of it. Anyway, getting back to a pistol, if you too, that's very sad. It's time like Radio 40, Love 94 39, Underground Power Radio 37, The Coast 25, while 120, Howl 05 19, WKPS 18, Power 96 18, Well that's shocking isn't it? Because the, they're meeting demographics about what 10 years old, at least. Our MS 17, WHDR 16, WVM 10, I wonder if Mike Rosen-Tall still had WVV when I thought he had seven years old, and he was talking about the hits. Seven years old, Time is 322. He was great. What a broadcaster. What an idiot. 94.910, WEDR 10, Life 9, WJNA 5, WRTO, Radio RITMO 2, WMI B, Minimum Black 2. WAMR, Radio AMR, More Finally Got 1, And Radio Romance has got 1. Once they've played Luis Delvin, The Best at Housewives at Tellhr McGillers. 900 to 60 Wives by the bottom of the yard Well heavy over a 1000 already. This is shocking to me. Anyway... It's not more stable. thighs. Like Stone leg isogalt. It was like a band there with a beard like a beard. Stop like that. I ask you another thing. You look like a band one. I like it a lot. Yeah. You are anyway. A little fancy. You're the answer. So that's our poll 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7. I tell you this is good stuff though. You see one of these information. Don't take all, but that's going to be really crammed. Same suit. I mean, the one disc here, that's the legends. They're for this and here are legends that are all. I mean, it's not even a crash would know some of these like that. Come on, Doc. Come on, Jack. You can do it. Stop me in the chair. You need to sit down. Yeah, okay. I just had to get it. Worked easy. No. No. Look good. No. Was he talented? Already dead. See if any talent whatsoever. Oh, he couldn't. He could be skilled. Nobody told him ahead of time though. Because that is money. That's what his talent. That's what it must have been. 172 AM Hello. Good morning, Neil. I would. Okay. Bye bye, Neil. 172 AM Hello. Two way in. Oh, Neil. Yeah. 88.1 is FIU Board and International University. Yes. Yeah. They're just like FVWM. Can you pick them up? Can you pick it up? I won't. I won't. Wait. I live almost in a red one. So another is you have to live down in a club together. Okay. Thanks, pal. Okay. Well, put 88.1. We're almost a college. But this put 88.1. I mean, obviously the people listen to it. Don't know what it is. Okay. Maybe you don't hold like a boat. What do you think? Not now. We'll see. Listen. Something that will like promote more vote on there. Strong with that. The ladies money laundering charges upheld. Money laundering charges against Republican Tom Delay. We're upheld yesterday. Dancing hopes for returning this post is hospitality leader. But the judge's fist charges lane to any conspiracy to violate Texas election code. But. But. Judge said it was unlikely the case would have trouble for the first of the year. And asking case because I have to be better goes on. Anyway, he's still in. Do do do do do do. Money laundering. He's going. His ass is going to jail and I think right there will be bill fist will be right in there with him and back hunting him. Right. And who might be the now and. And. Scooter. Lover your course. And Dick Cheney and George Bush. They'll all be in the same cell block. Be a chip off your old block. And he didn't get the rest of the fan asked governor's family and they're two for the holidays. They'll be home for the holidays. Just like. No, well, you know, she'll be back where she belongs. And a well. He's got a nose for the good stuff. How many votes have we got on there? We got the nine 69. Like I said, I really refreshed it. I bet you we got over nine 70 right now. A lot of people have keep this is probably the big topic of the water cooler around town. Do you know that you by noon had 1500 votes today. Nine hundred and 72. Well, of course, when you live in a place like South Florida, what else is there to talk about? Hey, be sure. Come out to work in high line. And I'd see a real slob. See Brett from our sales department. What does this guy look like? Does he look like a typical New Yorker? Are young punk, the live map in New Yorker kind of guy? Please, uh, turn it along here guys. Didn't know the top. Um, doesn't look that totally walks away. No, gotta say it. Oh yeah, he's. Well, that's, you know, it goes with a tear to it. I think we're being redundant. They're seeing big ads from New York. I mean, there's some nice New Yorkers out there. I remember it was news that probably from New York, but they didn't have to leave. But the ones that work on our station are from New York. Most of them had to leave. They don't go back. They can't go back. They're new. They're just going to leave. These five two two eight eight eight eight eight eight. Hey. Hey. Listen to all your moronic football followers. Baseball will never die. It's the greatest game ever invented. Don't even talk about baseball. If you can't respect it, I respect the United States of America, a little prayer information loo. The problem with baseball that air is not talk so post-lights. Me, it's people like you who sit. Who sit on your stick and butt. Up and Palm Beach and never buy ticket for a game. I buy season tickets. I'm a season ticket holder Mr. Pullman, who is named after a second-rate tank. Mr. Pullman, stick your radio away to San Don't die. That's not gonna hurt. He called for a second. Who is for you, Paisy? He's a new pair. He's a star. He's a star. He's a star. He's a star. That's a star. He's a star. He's a star. Who? Who? Who? Who? One that is a series. Great. Welcome to the show. Paisy and Taney, this was you just a year ago. He is exactly the leader we need for these times. And we need him for four more years. How did Jordan get real like it anyhow? Daddy's job because he's the charming, sexy good-looking man, great-air. You and George are feuding, how come? The first of lives in the American people. And the thing about the WMGs. It is a lot. When's the last time TWLive? Just this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man. Could he stutter so bad? It's a very least. We have a right to know what you're saying. I've got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you. That's James. I admit it that they're saying these and that's sh**. Oh, here's George now. It's James. There's a lot in the States in the most of them. It is a lot. I think it's a character. Nine hundred eighty votes that I pull will have a thousand by the bottom of the art without even breaking into what the bad news is. I can't find my music channels on here. Uh-oh. You know how they're all lumped together because my people make sense. They probably just nuts channels together in the news channels. So there's like, that's much music, which has always been a spot by itself. But the other, I went through the whole guide. And I can't find my music channels. Now, now you got me really aggravated because I'm trying to see all of them like, they can beat us or they're in a commercial. Well, that's it. It's not going to help me. I can't find it. Uh-oh boy, in my case, there's a price is right. You want to see Bob Barker? Still a bit. Life is not fair. Well, that's pretty damn sure Bob. You're still alive. I like Bob. Old Bob. Well, look at that white here. Got about eighty billion dollars. More money than God. Somebody QAM. Hello. That's just a whole tie. QAM. Hey. Yeah. What's up? What do you got? I think it's one of them. Christian. Fuck. Christian. I've done this since. I've got you. Oh, well, maybe down top of this. But up here in the old book. Or that just started. It's pretty crazy. No, how about we? Well, I'll pray for you. I'll pray for you. Oh, I'll speak to that. I'm glad you mentioned that. Because I was thinking I left that out. I was talking about we got the Christian movies. Now we got the Christian yellow pages. We got the Christian video games. We also got Christian music. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Christian rocks. That's a big business. Like. Yeah. So for a month after. Christian good Christian rock boy. And you're fair. Oh, I'm maybe not. So if you're not getting out of here. What did I hear when I was in jail? He came and I did a show from the house. He came there with a bunch of complete Facebook on the Canadian boy. And then I'm very familiar. Good guy. But boy, you got that thing. Yeah. Good guy. But boy, you got that thing. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can drag four of those just on. Okay. Let's go go go go go. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go. Yeah. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Georgetown. This because the work I have in this title is. Anything is connected with English like flying all. This is not accurate. You're good girl, man. How do you do that approach? No, no. I think it's a way through there. April time. Bye. Oh. It's my head is camping. Oh, no. Up the field. With a wide. That's a little bit underneath. It's like, yeah. Yeah. I think it's a little bit underneath. It's like, yeah. I think it's a little bit underneath. I think it's a little bit underneath. I thought that was. Just like a lady. Just like a woman. I mean, five six. I mean, I always had jury lose Lewis music rock here. I live now. Remember that rock you baby? They're mixing melody. Whatever that one. He had actually a couple of hits on deck of records. Jury Lewis. He's saying or what? No. His pitch is still pretty great. Not as big as the ones though. I'm not sure whether one is hit was all swaled up like a water mountain. Five six, seven, five six. He was not with Montel one day and he tried to eat him. He just said. Don't forget come out to hurricane hotline to the seven p.m. with head coach Larry Coker at Bernie Coast. Our steak house and serve money. If Brett from ourselves, the government shows up. You have all information to ask. See you in the kneecap. Okay. W 2 a m. Hello. 2 a m. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, hi. I like to wish you. Okay. Good. W 2 a m. Hello. Hello. You know what's going on? It's going to be back. I'd like to wish George very happy first. They're here to church of jazz. Uh-huh. That's the other. Oh, the two girlfriends on side by each. W 2 a m. Hello. Yeah, nearly. They're talking about. They're talking about this large. I think a part of it. A part of his large apparently. A table is large. What about King? Pepperdine was small. 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 and a variety of things. And singular wireless line. I'm going to be kind of a able danger. Or maybe try to about sit able. Maybe it's a big hockey fan. I don't think so. Somebody to play in. Hello. You know. Yes, sir. Hey, a guy who I want. I don't know. I'm in a car. He's a Jesus. I can't. I guess it's the one is the low power. It's not a really if I use one of your North Bay years. Some Christian Getskies. Correct. One of them plays listen to it. And I just laughed because every hour. It's happy hour. They got like some, you know, part of the part of the George Bush feature. Something. Yeah. The thing to know. This and. They can not tease and the Jews that fell out to them. They had on dirtish with. And top teeth. It's a date about Palestine and peace and the Middle East and stuff like that. Right. And I'll search for what's needed is that little mustache. And he has a armed hands. Yeah. And he would fit him perfectly. I want to thought no one's trying to do it. To them up and spit him out. He didn't even the great guy. Yes, he knows. Now those in the low key and this. And so. He makes so much sense though, you know, makes too much sense. Real comes. I'll just keep in mind that Alan Ducey, which was the one of the O.J. It's early. So just keep in mind it all. Yeah. You just. You're a professional. I know you've done it before, but you know those all the talk about Iraq and everything. You know, when should we leave Iraq, you know, you know, I'm saying six months a year. And I know. But it's about two weeks ago. So it sounds good to me. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Alan. And happy to know. What radio station you wasn't the most familiar. I can feel a swelling in my knee cap must be arthritis. Well, this from the excitement from we got a somebody votes on here. 9. Oh, we got our, I know it. See, I didn't even look this. My second power is getting. Remember the other day was on Monday. It was just it was a yesterday. It was a Friday. I guess it must have been Friday. All right. I still be killing for yesterday. Friday. We had the DCS thing. Right. And what did I say, what was that talking about before the show? I didn't ever talk about the computers or by the stuff. Or it would be if the thing ever went out of it. And what do we do if that happens? Because I don't think they make the exactly the same unit and almost. And sure enough that day today that it didn't matter. We vote. I'm never going to be leaving on my mouth so hard that I get like 7,000 things you would have. And then I have to reboot it because that was a bad experience. It was, it was rebooting in slow mo like real flow. 1,012 votes. What radio station do you listen to the most for music? 88.1 got one. Don't listen. They all suck 498.49.2 percent. And you folks who said that music and software radio sucks are absolutely positively. You got your thumb right on it. Man, it's just embarrassing. It's in this grace. It's enough to make you want to take every way you're going to put it in a busking bay or put the people or programming those stations at the bottom of the busking bay is a better idea. Big WBGG78. Magic 59. Piss. WKIS A.B.S. Broadcast the investment 55. Oh, just kiss it. 7.049. Love 94.41. Under round private, a power radio 39. The coast 26. Why 120? Hot 105. 20. WKPS. Piper high. 19. I think I got that call under from some bitched piper ride or not somewhere in the DCS. I don't want to play it. WHCR 18. Power 96. WRMF17. WVUN12. WVDR11. Maybe 94.9. This new kit on the block. The great rock station is got 10. It's not so great. Life 10. WGNA. 5. Radio hitmodes that appear. WMIB2. 80. 21. Like I said, we have in one. WAMR and radio romance here. I'm more in romance here. Solamente uno. Waterpiece. And that's it. I keep telling Eric, take that WMG off here. Don't have any, because that's, uh, but he would don't want to do it. He's involved with some meals right now. So when he gets around with, let's see. Yeah. What, what, what is this? I don't know if I forgot that. I forgot that. I had 16 20. K2VDR list. Great oldies. The songs that other stations forget. K2VR is, they're still going to, first of all, K2V is in Pittsburgh. At least it always was. And secondly, there wouldn't be any radio stations. So I thought I would start with a K. The only reason that K2V and KDKA started with a K is because they would run on the U.S. and they really 20s when the first station went on the air. And after that, all the stations, each of the misses, to be sterile with a W. Yeah. And then, right to the miss, to be sterile with a K. And it can't be with a CA. Like, C.T.L.s, W. and C.H.U.M. But a final C.H.U.M. Cropped over to Weekend Bad News. Good guy. C.H.U.M. A great station. 10.50, on the dial. In fact, you stole our life with W.M.T.M in New York when they were taking P.L.L. Peter, trip the crew, he had a kid in the third row. Yeah, I do what I'm talking about. No. So what does that take you, we business? Now, maybe the one of the stations take their call. It is the same? I don't know. It's like, W.M.T.L.M.T.L.M.T.L.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M.T.M And time for three years back I was a little donut lob實-out and I was asんplane asia. Lots of sweat and root for peeling and What's the end? Since so far, five favorites. Oh, great god. You must be the door if they sent from the agency. I'm not a dwarf. I'm a no! I'm a no! I don't care if you're a pig me. Get your ass in there, ladies. Why are you pushing me? This is just a stand up for a few dozen filming. Hurry. Great. The door is here. All right. The rain's cracked. Colleges. Seeing one action. Well, come on boys, hold me down this time for the examination. I've got my own way. I've got them. So visit krabblesupy.com slash San Francisco. Even if you travel during the holiday, you can't afford a trip out west. No, you can't afford it. I think I'm in game to a man. Where are you to lose, bris? No, God's over again. It's long and 31, 29, 129, 12 noon. And I'll take you to the Pittsburgh. It's going strong. And it's 14, 10 on the dial. And they have their own website. Obviously it's a major radio station. So this idea of 16, 20, KQV and South Florida somewhere. Somebody needs some. Asked systems. You know what I'm saying? All right. As usual. Anyway, I was there. That's right. The check is already in the envelope. And it's in the FedEx envelope. And it will be sent out tomorrow. And it will be their answer is there. All right. I like that. See, I don't waste any time because two things could happen. I can either forget about it or even worse than that. I could change my mind or you could quote. Or I could, that's right. I could cross out. Yes, I probably better send it out today, yeah? That's something. No. Like I said, the temperature is like 80 below zero. And I'm not walking that far. It's not all that far, but I'm not going over there. And I'm sure it's not paying for a cab to go there and come back to see. You can have that. Well, what even do with it? I'm going to do it between Wednesday and Thursday. What can you do with it? Loosen. Loosen. If you spend it. That's right. So, everybody that was by the, you know, kid, Thursday gives you plenty of time to cash to check out the money or pocket, what they believe in. I'm leaving Monday morning. Well, why would you do that? Why would you leave like on a weekend? I'm going to be there next week. I took the whole week off. But you get extra days. I'm missing something there. Another way. If you have a vacation and you're not like, we don't work on Saturday or Sunday, why would you leave on Monday? Why would anybody leave for a vacation on Monday, who doesn't work on a weekend? Okay, what do you think about that one? What's the difference? Yeah, I don't know. That's the difference. What? Young men, sing a letter. So, you're leaving. Very nice. You're leaving. Very nice. You're leaving. I don't know. Come on. Get the, the winner. Come on. My money comes. Oh, I forgot. Everybody got it. You're a good guy. I did. Oh, but it's so good. I figured I'd play it again. Oh, this is the sweet part of the Garper. Even John's in his childhood. Thank you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I don't know. It's a good song. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So, It's a good song. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. We're so little better than Karen, but never left. Lawyers for Jennifer are born public cases that they'll face an invasion of privacy lawsuit if they print topless photos of the actress taken recently while she was apparently Sunday in a relay home. And a blistering letter, not just an NCAA hostile, but a blistering letter, census celebrity magazine, attorney John Lavley wrote that the publication of photo showing an aniston topless over an act of taking off or putting on her top. But it's exposed those titles to substantial monetary advantages. For a second, they were looking at the word titles that had something else. Oh, scarred over here. Yeah. And as you've seen, we're turned to letter and lie, lie, I'll leave we wrote that the topless photos were taken by top or odd, so Peter Brandt, who led you to use a powerful telephoto lens from a perch, more than a mile away from aniston's home. Though the images, TST has learned what is TST this, so I've been looking at this looking gun. As the letter, a pair of bins sent from a closer range. Aniston's counsel pounced two days after Brandt emailed the topless photos to magazine and entered his with a request, so he keeps these pictures to yourself, they must not find a way to the internet. In a smoking gun interview, Brandt denied Lavley's trespassing allegations saying that he's sent to topless photos from a public street, from a pubic place. Brandt who said that he has yet to see Aniston's lawsuit added that the images were not shot from a mile away since that would be impossible unless he had something from NASA. The lawyer will find a copy that says that the Lavley letter was here, which includes a few redactions requested by TST source, Lavley of the powerhouse of a litigation for Lavley in Singapore, noted that Edison has just filed a lawsuit against Brandt and L.A. Superior Court and that the stars wanted lawyers obtained a restraining order bar in publication of the topless photos in the UK. It says speaking of legal threats, Lavley and singer has previously brained about Lenzzi Lohan's father and Katherine Zeeve Jones supposed to die and exposed breast to the federal and so on. Then there's a threatening letter here about an invasive privacy and we are litigation counsel for Jennifer Aniston but a beep but a boot at seven. Anybody here? Probably they want to see the pictures that they don't care about the rest. But I think that key two of these things is that like a diversity tank that they're trying to get us to put on some bogus thing on a pool, I don't know. And kind of happened. I'll tell you that right now. KQV is in Pittsburgh. One of the pioneer, Great Radio Stations, okay? I think that's the way WMGE by the way still on our pool of air if we choose to take it off for their. Why do you think that is? I don't mean it's badly. Huh? You know something has to do with scam again. I probably don't listen because now that we put the new pool on their day ahead of time, he doesn't have nothing to do with no mole. So I guess Arizona is going to probably have to be doing all those stories when Josh is on vacation all those days. Right? He is? I suppose. Are you told in Josh? Yeah, I talked to him about it. But I'm going to mention it to him again. Yeah, you better do that. You better mention it to me again too because I like to know what day it was. I guess this is making different because as long as I send him somebody's didn't him, right? That's correct. Yeah. Yeah. I'll know some days that doesn't work out. But that's okay. The price is right. You folks are getting the new stuff or free on their good stuff. Good, though. That you won't read New Yorkley Reader every day. On the figure that Various and Woodruff, the new ABC anchors. Boy, my on impressed by that. I will not watch ABC News No Chance. Absolutely, positively No Chance. I noticed that Brian Williams was like smirk, smirkly, a little less than I said when he made the announcement on NBC. That we wish our competitors luck but not too much. And they suck. Like that. I saw the same verbalizing they suck. Maybe it was just all those teeth he's got. He's really strange. ABC News named Jose de Various and Bob Woodruff co- anchors of World News to that Monday and he's got a lot of work to do with the ABC News. And the ABC News is going to be a great thing. You think about it once again? No chance. Especially with the new Christianism America of the segment the last 10 minutes of the night. The never said World News tonight would also become the first never he news to be broadcast live each night in three times zones. Isn't that something they're going to work their asses off? Three chances to make some embarrassing mistakes live. Various and Woodruff have been to the Chief Substance Bank of the World. New tonight's is in the United States. Not the Nickelodeon at longcancers and not August 7. And went to hell and listen to Celine Dion music. Charles Gibson also subtoed for Gennings was considered a top candidate for the job who is boring as a curdle milk. Well, remain as host at ABC's with Morning America. Charles Gibson. Oh, he is. Oh, you know, would the other guy be the heartman he used to be on there? Yeah. They always hired the same kind of person to be on that show. Very dull, lackluster, really boring, kind of like Matt Lauer. And the other place. You know, you want like who for whatever reason, maybe he's just too dry, but he certainly got more person out than those people. And that's how I hear he's Smith. You know, like he resmitted on CBS? He's all right. It's just that that show and the people he's around it with. No, no, he's not a bad show and then the morning show always sucks. But he's very, very good. In fact, a few times he filled it on evening news into the credible job. He's fine. And he also narrates a lot of those shows you'll see on Amy and biography. Were you aware of that? No, I wasn't. Well, now you are. Anyway, Charles Gibson then get it. This is what we're from Varvously. First co-anchors of meeting broadcast newscassants. Then we're either in Kani Chung briefly worked together at the CBS even news in the 90s. That worked out very, very well. Not. Almost as good as Terry Wiesley and Barbara Wawa. Not terrible. Amy sees world news tonight's right. Second of the meal, so immediately research rankings been fading away. The NBC's first place nightly news, nightly news, sponsored by Brian Wawa. Brian could my Brian Williams. CBS is still searching for replacement for rather of a lesson march. A medical course that in a seeking NBC's Katy Kork for the job. That would be a bad mistake. Not as bad as putting old funny dirty, okay, don't keep Bob Scheefer on there. But pretty close. It was a bit of a bob together. It'll be the anchors for this new broadcast and digital age of world news tonight. Amy seen this person David Weston said. He said, praise the Lord and bless Jesus or on the other way around. There's friends, if you're unless they're familiar with you, our audience is there coming together and delivering the news anywhere any time. And everywhere, they make them the right team. Yaddi, Yaddi, Yaddi, Yaddi, and Double Talk. Lot of crap. These three separate news cast of a gun on January the tooth as well. Ideally, red cast with the vase-top stories. Vargas 42 has been co-incorrected. Maybe we see 20-20 to keep that job. We're 44 as one of ABC's two correspondence for Katrina. The benefit of the weekend that we'll move tonight is very, very dull. Blackbuster boy and perfect for ABC. That's a new runner. This is 5.16. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 8.15. 17.15. 8.20. 8.15. 7.15. 8.15. 8.15. 9.15. 8.15. 9.15. 11.15. 9.15. Oh, that's cool! That's the one who was the belt again. You stole the soccer ball. Oh, no! Oh, no! Stop the ball! It's falling on me! That's it! Really got a dance ball again. It's a die, man. It's a joy. Oh, no! Oh, no! I'm so glad! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! That's the whole word, isn't that true? I see the universe. That adventure of Robin got a pillage in the face. I'm proud of saving you and for single soul. There you are, the costume got rich. You stole the soccer ball. That's it! That's it, man. Stop and Robin. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! I know who's out, Robin Shaber was, the different. It's 14-2-0, we got more Howard David from his travels into a clock today than Vo Bo-Bo-Camber, the Vo Meister is for from Adorn. And then I'll let her retain stuff. If I come out to her, I can't hotline it at a time of clock when I coach Larry Coker at Bernie Cosa, I stay thousand stars Miami. And the reason we have to keep repeating that over and over again is because they promised them, like, 80-five million reads on these liners, you know? That's probably, that's probably two-in scam. They were actually getting any spots. Remember when we went through that whole deal before with a couple of years ago, with a Miguel? Yeah. And he promised that this sales holes go out there and they sell these packages and include like, oh, you're going to get 45 million reeds on here. And they mentioned, and then those spots though, but you know, they're only like $5 million dollars. Oh, I'm not going to do it. I'm going to be right in the lower. I'm most motivated to a great group in the history, man. I mean, not that you're not heavily appraised, but not enough. Uh-oh. Not that such a strange guy and go all the way to the day. Jonathan Edwards, get with me. Oh, I just did that. Yes, that was the greatest knife, by the way, not just to do it. I don't know if you don't mind, but I'm working on it. Probably saw that there's something. I'm going to be praying. No, no, no, no, no. It's not a big deal. I'm going to be praying. I'm going to be praying. I'm going to be praying. You know, it's a real problem. It's a very rare measure. It's a real problem. It's a very good measure. It's a very good measure. Nice job. This morning, very good. It's nothing. Brad, baby, I'm a want-year. Yeah, baby. Baby, I'm a want-year. David, can't you? God, we see you. Baby, baby, I'm a need. Good voice, the minute. Go to you. And I can't do it. It's a very good measure. Oh, no. You're a favorite. Oh, my God. Another silly song. This is mine. Papa, another kill. I was telling him. I was telling him. I was telling him. Oh, my God. I was telling him. Oh, my God. I was telling him. Oh, my God. Here I'm into the voice. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. This is what I'm talking about. That's true. Oh, my God. You're playing this song. Somebody go on. Oh, my God. What was that great-slicker? What? Okay, not for the music now. Audience gets really sad, God. A couple of people have a music way in and pool today. What radio is taking you? It's just 18 years in the most from music we asked. And we got 75 million votes. Holy, 2-0, right, man. Oh, 1,096. How is this possible? We're going to have like a way overloading her voice by noon, man. Some people must be voting more than ones. Probably PDs, if they're like Bob Hamilton's cranking out that magic crap. You know, and interesting, most of the songs that are on these discs that I'm playing here, that you're guessing. Are you all here, my magic? No, I know that because I've been checking it with radio's thing. Oh, no. I think you're talking to me. You want to hear something that you really want to hear again on that? I know you've been stationed. What radio is taking place in the midst of this? Don't listen. They all suck. 521 almost 48%. Big, WBG-83. So I like radio 72. You see, I told you that said, like, where do you want to take off the night? No, I did. No, I did not. I did not. I did not. I don't know. Magic 63. Kiss 58. Love 94. 44. Underground-sized power radio 42. The coast, 20, it's 82 along the coast. While on 102, how 105? How 100? Yeah. How 105 is got 21? WHDR is got 20, WKPX 20. Pretty embarrassing when a high school radio station would have about seven months, is up there in the middle of the pack competing with these other ones. Pretty sad, but it goes to Shoria. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one. The second one is the second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The second one. The last one. The first one. So what I want to say is I come across this. The first one. When I first saw this from this, I am going to have a show episode. I hope you okey, when you park this is going. It will be a good title series. And the second is the first one. to take about 4,000 calls also on me. This is kind of a pressure fact that's only Tuesday. Well, that's not right. That just is not right. It would be Friday. It's definitely leastly Thursday to be like looking upon Friday tomorrow. And I got that check any envelopes sitting on that FedEx package back there. I am so organized man. See this one thing when you start getting old, you have to do things like right now when you're thinking about it. Because like 30 seconds later, not turning it. I figured what you were going to do. I'll have been doing that for about 40 years anyway. You ever do that? You sit and watch TV and all of a sudden you've got like you're either going to go up and get the laundry out of the dryer or you're going to do something. Oh, the time. And then you get distracted for about five seconds. Like maybe a RMTV is on. And then you get up and like, well, what was it going to do it? And I'm like, I'm a person. I can't even make it across the room. Yeah, well, what I got up for. That's the QAM. And that's the whole stuff order when you're a syndrome got to. Started with Mike Disney and it's got worse. 72 a.m. Hello. Hey, I'm not saying to go to the rest of it. I've got my stuff taken just to the answer. I'm scared. But I'm sure. How many QAM? Hello. Meals. Yes. You got to me Bob Sugar on there. Do I have any Bob Sugar? Yeah, I know. See me. See me. I've had some George has got some Bob Sugar there. And he's the same. Like, like, Hawaii. Well, it's called the special. No, just a good old Bob Sugar's off on. Yeah, we know I've got two written B.C. Right. There you go. They might know. I've got a moon. He likes moon. He's all heard about Schema's moon. Oh, again. Well, maybe he likes to moon the audience. What do you think? Got a moon. Oh, yeah, here we go. Okay, it's enough Bob Sugar for me. Thank you for this month for this year. WQAM, hello. No. Yes, sir. No, I. I'm a fan. I'm KP actually still 3,000 watts, but there's a problem with the power to write now. That's why I can't really pick it up down. I'm sure he's probably the pirates who blocked out the radio. And he's not even baseball season. She's never been to baseball. Yeah. And 88 won the call letters or WRGP. And the transit is down home set of like 200 watts. So you can't really pick it up much further than like bird roads. That's why I'm a WRGP. We might have to put that on everybody. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. We'll never have our Mercedes here. There's a man that's sitting right on the other tower. He can barely hear it. Can't like the old light bulb. WFTO. At nighttime. It was kind of like our signal man really blows. But we're digital. Aren't we? We like digital. We're stereo. We're stuck at a little bit. I told you we were a honey toy and do our signal sucks. But it's been a man here in the big chaney. He's a thousand five. Oh, yeah. He's talking about when his pacemaker's going to run out. Well, good. That one's more about three weeks. WFTO. WFTO. WFTO. Not there. Two AM. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. Although they drive me up the wall and they say they're going to play classic rock. They end up playing corporate rock. I'm going to vote for big 105. Point nine. Yeah, yeah. I mean, when they say classic rock, it should be cream, Led Zeppelin stones. Everybody said he'd get Kansas and Florida. Yeah. I guess that is what he had in my mind. Probably had my more like this. Go. Oh, god. I love you, no, no, no, no. Go go go go go. I love you, no, no, no. Go go go go go. I love you, no, no, no. Go go go go go go. I love you, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I love you, no, no, no. I hear this song that I don't think I know. I'm looking to you. Oh, no. I know. I can say for no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a song. Hi, I'm gonna say, no, no, no, no. I want you to listen to this saxophone, I know. Did you hear that? I heard it. Listen that again. That's been all the 80 million times you watched that show. And I only watched it when Scott Bayer was on Friday's season. But you never heard that. Listen. Okay. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Happy days by Prat and McClain with Brother Loves. Now much today, more people in the world who had any idea who sang that for seems for. Prat and McClain with Brother Loves. I got it. May it of a love. There's love in here. You're already smell it coming up for the love fest from two to four. The mau mai steward back today. In my right. No. Why? Because it's five, six years of gluten. Okay. It's brought to you by the legend's well. Well, let it dwell. One two three four five six every time. One eleven twill. So, life is a pizza. Oh for me! It's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not. Turned about. Oh, that house was built. Listen, Santa's home. Hello, what is warm, how's it? You and come here often. Put me into your finger before. No, first, put some freeway, freeway, that's nice. One ticket, so you have to nature, they just nine years. You were here to get some freeway. Oh, I don't know. You were with Render. I'm a waiter, but I'm so glad I'm an actor. Oh yeah, yeah, I know. What's the topic? You probably need to rely on. Oh, I'll say, but you know, everything it's a news and all is today. I can start relaxing right now for you. I brought something to a cheap and freeway. I just can't see the, look, wow, gold, look, hey, you can't come to me. Here's the most important part for you. You can be pro-text labels, pro-text, aren't those in door by the city council of Santa's and Cisco? Absolutely. You know the approach that's closed in the city. I should have done certified safe by the city by the bay. Well, what are you saying? Sarn, look at that. I trust to so begin. Wow, yeah. You bet your life you will. And with confidence, because freeway and speaking have come to me. Don't let worry for you, those tents, meetings, and public showers. Always carry pro-text. The guys in the city, tonight my free-est can be. The guys in the city, please then down the hill, I'll follow me. I can be back at the city, I can be back at the city. I can be back at the city, I can be back at the city. No, no, no, no, what it's all about. The pro-text, too, so they won't send you a ring. The pro-text condom. The vision of Blackfine, how could I not have controlled the vision? Keeping situation safe since 1887. Back to us. It's probably too, I am. 113 hosts at 12 o'clock. I can just see it now. Now they're going to fear us. Across the street now they're going to really get the same by his dance in their class. Oh yeah, 113 hosts at noon. Yep, it started last week. It started in September of the last year, but nevertheless, I'm pretty impressed. And I'm kind of touched with impressed me, not. Oh, anyway, speaking of that. I've got to do a while to hear it again. One of those clean and horned. Oh, you'll know it. Well, I didn't understand it. There you go. Now, you remember the movie of Tim Nistie for me with Clint Lee, who didn't get to go whenever anyone was? That's not what I'm being the friend, is it? No, no. All right, that's time like that. No, but the music in the, it was great soundtrack in that movie. Yep. I think he's wrapping up the Hershey Highway there in Carmel, you know, along with your West Coast Highway. And the music, listen there. That's what this reminds me of. Oh, I hear these things. It's a really interesting thing. Right there, I see that sound nice, I can't hear anything. No bell. That's what we're going to do. That's nice. It's nice. Oh, oh, yeah, I heard it. Whoa, oh, oh. You should've had it. Go, Mobile. On Bobby, moms, the Medley Builders Oh, you better go right there, man. We should have read the word, man. If from then you did earlier. Thank you so much, son of a, no, anyway, leave aрок now. With my covid rainy day, I love music, man. I love music. It's getting better, John. Yeah, it's a lost of the old name. The old boy, John. When Frank says that, John. What's the George A music is, it's a drug music, but that's beside the point. Let's see. You all know this. Maybe you will. Well, that's the war. Yeah, let's just go kid. Like I told you, I knew you know that one. Piece of cake. I know it. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Sorry. Sorry, Jimmy. I feel like he's taking it. That's so interesting. I'm so impressed. Okay, it's enough for that. So here's that story that I threatened you with earlier. Do we seriously need to revise strategy and it's about time. Okay, somebody's got to put up their hand, whether it's the Muslims, the Jews, the atheists, the agnostic. All of these people, all of these are the things. And say, okay, all you are crazy going about there and I've already. Go ahead and go on wild as sell like hotcakes. The new video series. Go ahead and go on wild. A group of Jewish leaders meets in the New York this week to develop a response to the religious right, which they say is eroding civil liberties and planning to crystallize America. That's so low, isn't it? Correct. Red by Abraham Foxman. Oh, a national director of the ADL and Rabbi Eric Yaffe, president of the Union for Reform Judaism. The private media, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the private media is set for today, said in the system to Mr. Yaffe. Actually, today, we yesterday, this is in the, what is this in? Washington Times. Both men were out of here for common Friday, New York organization would evolve details of the meeting, including who's attending and who's being held. But the meeting is the culmination of a month of a tax by Mr. Foxman, Mr. Yaffe. I'm conservative Christian groups, starting with Mr. Foxman, speech November 3rd in ADL, function in New York. We face a better finance, more sophisticated, coordinated, unified, energized and organized coalition of groups in opposition to our policy positions. I'm sure states have far reached an every before he said. Their goal is to implement their Christian worldview to Christianize America to save us. The team Philancy said, where the Colorado based Colorado Springs based focus on the family. These concillors are based alliance defense fund. The two-poil of Mississippi based American and family association and the family research counsel based in Washington. The issue was serious enough for us to develop a strategy entirely. Our first task is to win a supporting American public. Mr. Foxman said, we also need to come together with other Jewish organizations and to fight allies beyond our community. I know, remember, 19, Mr. Yaffe compared to the release of right two Nazis. What's about time they caught on, right? We understand those who believe that the Bible opposes being married. Even though we read that the text in a very different way to Rabbi said, we can't forget that when Hitler came to power 1933, one of the first things he did was banned gay organizations. Criticism has been strong among conservative leaning Jews, sellouts. Foxman loves to wine about to religious right and how to destroy religious liberty in America said, down theater, present Jews against anti-Christian defamation. Jews against anti-Christian defamation. Is wanting to keep God in the place of allegiance Christianizing America? Is opposition to gay marriage, Christianizing America? Is efforts to keep public displays of the tank command of Christianizing America? If so, Moses was a Christianizer, he said it. Which I say, holy Moses and CUBMAN DRIERD. I like that. Moses was a Christianizer. I said it was a humanizer. He didn't even know you're a secret Christi. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you're well-evolved when I was just back in the day. There was a lot of beginning and forgetting, I guess. Oh, God. God. God. God. God. God. You know, we like to read that. How is that? I can't have stopped it. No, but now I'm trying to do. Oh, what's that? You can hear it. And the Holy Temple. Oh, God. That's heard. God. God. God. God. You can stop anytime, don't you? God. Really? What's that? Peace in my heart. Yeah. Peace in my heart. Yeah, that was peace in my heart. Oh, man, that's it. Oh. Remember I told you about the Elinode and how he looked at John C. I don't think I ever saw a logo before I saw this information. Have you ever seen him? A logo? A logo? I thought that was a bear. Well, but he's the easy, and we know boys and guys. I tell you, how appropriate. If he's hairy. Oh, he's so ugly. He makes me look like really pissed. Oh, man. God, I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. God. God. God. God kind of spreads it around. He doesn't want to give you great singing voice. And then I have you looked good too. You know, like Tom Brady probably can't sing a look. What radio station? What radio station? Yeah. So, what? You know, you had a line there, but I did not have any line. You're the one with the line. You're about all the imagination. Do you have a line? The mission of the United States and our coalition will continue to train English necessary. Oh, we, yeah. We know exactly what your mission is and what you're all about. The mission of the US as long as he's in there with his partner in crime is basically kill so people right. And we're doing a hell of a job of that. Okay. What have we got so far? A lot of hundred and forty nine votes will be way over twelve hundred. I think we got a shout at fourteen today. What do you think? That could be a, I don't think we done that. Except maybe in the early on days. Oh, he had all those, all those people listening who I know business listening who don't, who are heinous like poison. They're never listened before, they'll never listen again until the next, the contrived crisis haven't been to much about, must you do about nothing. Anyway, don't listen. They all suck 545, 47.2% don't blame you. Sadlight radio is climbing up there 87. How it has even started yet. I think like that. Once Howard gets on it, we're all done. BGG84, magic 66, kissed 59, under round power video 45, love 94, 44, for 94, the coast is, look at the coast is got, but turn it in man. Why 100, maybe they're like Michael Bolton. Why 123, KPS 21, whether 14 watts, how low 521, W-80R 20 power 96 is got 20, not our crowded all. B-119, RMF 18. I think RMF's not too bad, not great, but compared to the rest there. So so, ABR 13, mega 94.9, that's the new big, the smash success still, I got a dozen. I think you said it was pretty good. What? Mega 94, the former Zeta, or that's where you even know what it was. So, the light is 10, G-A-A-7, M-I-B-3, 88.12, that's W-R-G-P. Radio hitmo has got a pair, a radio, a more is got one, and a radio, a romansios got one. See, that's definitely, it's time to tell me about all these Julios those and what's with him, any Julios? You hear about they won, call it up. Get out, and that's the same little group of four Cubans, man. You can me, Julios, my ass. That's what I heard. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P-5, 60, and we've arrived in Singapore. Look at that, it's great time already. I said, this show is just, it's getting late from us today, you know? And I got a lot of heavy duty assignments this evening. I got to get over to Kenko's and drop that FedEx thing in the box. Hey, give me. I think I thought, let me see. Well, I see you're going to, if you give it tomorrow, you're going to spend it before you go away. Don't worry. They're not going to spend it. Yes, you will spend it. No, I think I'll wait till the very last minute. It's minus 5 Celsius. You see how many I do with that translates to? I don't know. It's called, it's like a big jacket. I got a big jacket. And I'll take a one thing. No more boxy storage, sure. I got my t-shirt and boxy storage now. You'd ask me without t-shirt this time. You're under your shirt. I don't care if you were in like a woolen lumberjack shirt. You've got to have a t-shirt on that baby. I mean, even a sweater. And of course, you're two. Lighting with a crap unless you got a tube. You've got a tube. Anybody after got a tube? No, but earlier I said a toe. Lighting with nothing, no winter time unless you got a good two. Everybody wears a tube. You wear a suit. Too pay. No, no. Now you're not making sure. You're going to be going. The other old two. 12 13 is 5, 60, WQM. It's said most wonderful time of the year. Remember that song? It's the most, remember that song? Is it most? Yeah, of course. What's the most important thing? Do you know what I mean? It's the most, remember that? Yeah, of course. And what's the name of that movie? Would you be stupid, sure? But you're miracle on a wonderful life. And so what that's is the water of life. Unless you watch this movie. Anyway, a lot of people don't think it's so wonderful because they hit the crowded malls along with your lines, the parking hassles, the crazy shoppers who are beating each other over the head and stop it over each other. So if you'd like to avoid that, make sure you give it a little bit easier for you and your loved ones. Give me a dial on my first gift certificate. When you call 1,800, Max Riss in order to dial on my first gift certificate in any denomination and a new business of perfect gift that lasts for years, every 10,000,000 half on that better than something else I'll be thinking about you. When you call 1,800, Max Riss, you'll choose some silly. Surtha, Simmons, King Coil, Stearns and Foster, who would end even tempered pedic. Maybe a suffer from damage from will-man, your bed that needs replacing. Maybe you need to bed for those last and on and put it in the hallway, yes. Whatever your deal is, call 1,800, Max Riss, you'll get same data from 8,000, and you'll send PM. And they still like you picked the date and time for delivery to fit your schedule when it's convenient for you when your fat ass is going to be home. In fact, dial on my first, is mighty part of their record of being on time, 90, 9.7% of the time. They're like number one anywhere, and the universe in customer satisfaction. So before those guests arrived, do what I've been doing for a long, long time. Just pick up the phone, make one easy call. That's all it takes. 1,800, Max Riss around the work at webismaxmax.com. dial on mattress 1,800, MATT, RES, re-walled the last as because it stands for sensational, stoutendous savings. Members, this is new, rather. This means 5,200 a-4 whole stars, true, certain pathway, with different grades than say itself cats,otiations and You're the best ever, you're the best ever, you're the best ever You're the only one, you're the only one You look no real, you're the best ever Everybody's gone, you're the only one, you're the only You're the only one, you're the only one But you couldn't change that, all of my all the written times You took your left hand in your glory, yeah All of my all, I think we got to know about You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one See, I told you I wasn't going, yeah, I was the only one I told you I wasn't going, yeah, I told you I was the best ever I'm the only one, that's just me, man, I'm a star efficiency I just know what it is, I'm just probably going to cope pretty soon I'm probably going to go down later I'm going to go down, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're the only one, you're the only one, you're the only one You're a good news for it, if paragraph comes in It's Josh, and see that strategy to? Purve now, anybody comes in and wants to talk to me to a звон Strange, John didn't like punch out cuarto Send their lights in a dame and give it a rhyme Here. And he goes wherever's it He goes just the obso thick. They got six to clock Here islyn Ophi, keep Into the day on the point, Oh Daniel, why don't you One of the great mysteries of my life, I don't understand that whole phenomenon. Okay, I don't get it. Well, for the most part, he writes his own stuff. Can he sing? Oh, does he look good? Oh, is he sexy? No, no, he can't write his voice. I like he here, there. Oh, he's gross. Everybody's taking the voice. Now you get to the bottom. Well, this is the legend's ones. The other ones we did all before, the show. I don't want you to have you showing off, because you know all the other ones on there. Right? We ran through about eight discs before the show this morning. Swaggars, so I have to get the hints of the six things from the way. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, god. It's good stuff, man. And of course, the fact that I can sit in here and crank it up on these great speakers, wow. Holy moly, man. It's good stuff. As opposed to like during the show, crank it up. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. That was just eye nailed that baby away. Even though I had a hand. Oh, there's not this. Let's see if it hits. That's exactly what it is. Stop dragging it around. And my heart, too. Oh, okay. What do we got here? Frank's being in that French lesbian's cross-and-bills and border. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there. to have babies on the head of the story is chopped off. You know, I've done everything I can with a margin, you know, I just, unless you do the print for you on easy, just, it's the way it goes. France lies being the vincrosion of boarded abelts of insertion of a medical procedure to get pregnant, which are denied in France, creating a new sort of baby boom at those in fertilization clinics, and Belgium will welcome them with on any judgment, said Marie Pire, make coup 41, her partner, Natalie Bessert, 43-8 midwife, who can see three boys by artificial insemination. More and more women are making the trip from Paris to Brussels that fell into artificial insemination by an anonymous daughter, said Frank Tangy, who works with an association of homosexual parents and wannabe parents. All I know a lot of wannabe parents, I had to. Did they want to be? Oh, I know common. Last year, 72% of the patients from insemination rooms for young donors came from France, and majority of them were lesbian, according to Dr. Anne Delbarre, head of a fertility clinic at the Rasmine Hospital in the Belgian capital. Since the clinical event of 15 years ago, she said it's never rejected, the request of lesbians and single women, but it may not be able to continue to meet the demand of the influx of French patients. They're pouring in there from France. Those French dates. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to be the whole thing on here, it's in the middle of lunch time. You see, I'll whip up into our frenzy. I'd rather hear it. I'd like to go and grab one done, Zaden. I'd like to go. I heard it. You didn't like to know. That's a good thing. Or as your good friend there that you see that midday guns is lunch, shift guns, you should say, John Cougar, Melon Balls, but we see a panic or one. You as a real man, all of a sudden, I think we're back to where we started. Did I just do that? Yeah. When I was a man from a different, this, he's afraid, he's not Steven. No, no, no. That's my favorite. Hello, this is Albert Kider from Charlie's Unrecord, providing you American infidel, to buy latest cast Steven's collection. In Yelma Hamid is right. So, he had a deep heart, he wrote, got a misunderstanding with the real shot play. I was on the way, I met an American, I was paying off, and my phone was in there. I was only shooting the strategy. I was on the airway, it suddenly was deep, and then that is I can burn. And where is Al-A-Mah-H-A. I don't know what I'm talking about. I mean, followed by an N16, one, two, they won with... How many from your purchase does not go through fun stairs? There is a really hit, not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take any easy. The edges down, that's your fault. I wouldn't have been a firewood, you. Find X-CAM and a rag. If you want a D-T-A, another variation of the classic one. I asked myself every day, Would you marry me, if you say, Tell me who would you harm, if you say, You're a robot, I'm telling you the next moment. She may say, they're an excurser. So by no catch, they've been selected to take for 1995. Or you can play with pizza, mayo, or corn, or weapons of my stick to up. That's the only reason I love that. You can't relate to anywhere near as much because if you're up here, you don't understand. Believe me, yeah. We don't know people that make those sounds out here. I've like we got here, believe me. Trust me when I tell you. I already... I already tell you, well, I was erupted. Well, here, when I got like this, I thought to myself, if you can't get a reaction, Brown, Brown, no, it's white. Oh, another person that we despise like the boys. What was the matter with the club? Good talk, I'm going to... Oh, we rejects it, they'll match the times too wide. No, it's a Billy Joel, or... Maybe I should've lost some cool tad-top. Yeah, yeah. So we're getting into the songs that Josh recognized, I say, you know, we're... Oh, that's bad. Like I said, I'm going to get into hits of the 50s, the 18-50s. This doesn't matter, well, maybe in fact, maybe Josh can chime in, or I want to be, is all I doubt it. He doesn't want to take a chance on missing out, and then like, yeah, they can have bad mistakes. Although I have that whole thing, I'm telling him, so efficient, like, I got that thing made out. The FedEx shipping labels already in the package. It's ready to be on the way. Let me tap myself on both shoulders. Nice job, Neil. Thank you. How many votes we got on the poll today? This is a banner day 11... 8-7, I mean, is any second we're going to be over 1200. We got our real shot, baby. 14-00 today, during the show, during the show. And I haven't even hinted at tomorrow's poll yet. We'll do that in the next hour. I'll hint at it, because there might be a couple of other choices on there, but I doubt it. Thanks again, whatever your name is, what's his name? It sends all the polls. Sean, thanks Sean. Oh, for sure. 27-7-10, in the moment, a more Howard, David, David, David is coming along into a clock. That should be really a hoot. And then you got both for... You got more and then both. Because we got no mad dog today. Hurricane in a hotline. Don't forget to come out to Hurricane. How light the night's heaven of clock would hit, Coach Leroy, Coker, and Bernie Coast, our state thousand South Miami spend a lot of money, because they got to make the money back that the bread stopped up all our free food, that pig. The disgusting of notches. He's everything people hate about New York. Even Stan Burstin, have a taste. Hey, the truth is when you hear the compare, you'll see why Ford is the bestselling bread of vehicles in the US, and South Florida only for the year of the shop. That is Armstrong Ford Holmes said was having told me for a long, long time. The holidays are here. Maybe your car was damaged during the hurricane, or you just want to give yourself an ice gift for the holidays, a great new ride. When I was the time to get on down and see your good friend David Rich, and like David puts you behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford. Right now, Armstrong Ford Holmes said it got some fantastic, unbeatable offers and incentives. Gives yourself a thousand dollars cash back, or financing is low as zero percent on a 4,500 or free style. Get five grand cash back on our score-rex tradition. How about two thousand cash back on a scape and twenty-five hundred dollars cash back, I'm focused, certain restrictions apply. When you buy a Ford for Armstrong Ford, you get the exclusive on-heard of anywhere in the universe deal. Tires in batteries for life. That's right. You heard right. Tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford, I'm still guaranteeing the best price and because they say, locally owned and not ready to join. No future life family to make you a customer for life. They want to see you again and again. You'll get a better deal on a Ford, any place, no bait and switch, no phone deals. Call David Rich at 305-24751-Coff. Until David, you want the Neil Deal. Armstrong Ford, home state of the 307-255-16 highway. Just 20, easy minutes out of the 836. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars.com, then drive a few miles extra to save thousands. At Armstrong Ford, home state. A new Roger. May 15, 2018. Posts as soda bill. A-O-O. That's a loser. Just a tiny cold, just a little more with you. Just 10 days to jack-ass guy, just a third to do. Just a tiny cold, but then all both of them are free. I'll miss that juicy, windy wind show on the TV. Oh, no, Mr. Roger, show life to a woman. We're in the city of Kioski, run down by a dog. Just a tiny little person sometimes has to tell his toes. When you marry someone who thinks, please come from far from home. Oh, no, Mr. Roger, show life to a shep-tale. We're in the city of Kioski, run down by a train. Go, go, go. Just a tiny cold, but then all that fell off his toes. Just a little bit too wide in the past. And then, please come. Go, follow, right. 1234, 26 to 11. I guess the bottom line is where I have to find a buffalo. I do like watching the buffalo affiliates, though. They are never to kill it. It's 24 and 7, and we're in heaven. They're pretty good news, cance. Yeah? Two words must be, I've taken a... Right here, but your talk in sports stuff, right? About the network of affiliates in buffalo has to do with sports. Or you said buffalo's going to have to meet me. Go on, try and find a buffalo in general. I don't know. Lots of sports teams, we know that. There aren't the 18mins into good, and man, I'll tell you that there may be really baseball team as I want to game it. But the fact that a matter is it's a horrible place, even cheek to longer, which they used to be. They had a great Polynesian restaurant that I love, long gone. Even cheek to longer sucks, and to Pew, forget about it, and the hamburger, well. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, what do you say about it? What do you feel about it? You're... That's not a far break. Come on, go go, we got to be. Nice recovery. Cut it on the first house. 2, 8, 8, 2, 8. Come on, Carol, King, sorry. Sorry, Carol. Dream on me. You see, King or one, tell the two of us that hands from over. Yeah, it's a little bit annoying. It's time to save it, back up to the other. Oh, you're favored. Yeah, I get it. Me and the body became me. Waiting for a friend. Ooh, that's me and me. See, I can't find that big, because I'm not with an anybody. I thought it was me and Bobby, but he was from Michael. I think it was what if what if I leave you where you are during your... Oh, there it is. It's A, T, N, and it is A, what is it? It is called, it's not a my B, C, S. What's the all the other thing? What's the all the other? A, C, S, and A, C, S, and A, C, S, and what is all of that? A, C, S, O, P, and D, and F, S, and D, M, S, O, which you rub on your ass right at this point. Thank you. No, that's your water. That's it. It's a total effort. I want to hear Jack and I, and the, and the, yeah. It's not that he's awake, man. Yeah. I better need to warn you, nose with this one. See, no, no. See, no, no. It's on his head. It's on his head. It's on his head. I don't know if it does this. See, it'll be so round and back. So, it's a surprise. Listen for the city with Stevie Wonder. Turning, don't make you wonder? No, stop believing. I really sound like this. Turning the dominoes. That's why I'm tuned, I'm sure I understand. Hey, easy. Don't come easy. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I'll take nose. Drummers. Post single. Oh, big one. Sorry. Get it stopped. Man, let's see it. Tell under one. Oh, okay. That's not for now. Everybody like to ring up. They did. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. First we go. Second we go. Second we go. Third we go. Second we go. Second we go. And Second. Second we go. It'silst homework. Second. Second student. Second and second. Second we go. Second we go. Second we go. Second you go. the new day on the day that new laws came in a force in Britain allowing Gays to pledge their trust and in her virtually the same legal rights as head of our essentials yada yada yada yada. New now, paparazzi will not only follow the air to the British throne, but legally binding his relationship with the Canadian filmmaker with dual hold and Windsor west of London, not Windsor Ontario, but Windsor right England, but have the same official overseeing events as like in the House of Windsor, the aka the House of Batonburg, all is not the British, or British, or the leader. Terror Williams of the superintendent of Registrarity World, Burrow of Windsor, to give her full title, will officiate at the private December 21st ceremony alongside experienced fellow Registrar Peter Edwards, always good to have an experienced fellow Registrar. Williams before on the Royal Civil Wending at the Guild Hall in April this year says she was delighted this lover to couple of chosen the historic 17th century venue, David Spurnish, who is from Canada, and guess what kind of apartment they're going to live in? I don't know, flat furnished. Same-sash merit, let's see, civil partnership for game origin and convenient not strictly act to ensure hand the, I can't read this. This goes on and I ask, could you go David and Goliath? Oh, I'm going to hook it up, it's that sweet. They're hooking up, yeah. How much when you give new vacuum cleaner, you hook up the hose? Now let's see, what radio station you're wearing when you know how big the water is, you hook them up with some hose? 268 mals, we're going to make something today. We're going to say cottage. We're going to certainly break that 1300. We've been stuck at the rut 13, 13, 13, 13, you know, over and over again. 13, not good. A lot of radio stations, you listen to the most from music, don't listen. They all suck 5, 66, 47% satellite radio 902. Everybody in the brother is talking out the big bus for satellite radio and South Florida because the regular radio sucks. Big 88, magic 67, twist 61, love 94, 48, underground or parallel radio 46. The coast 31, while 126, HDR 22, PPS 22, not so how 105, 21, VMM 20, power 906 is about 20. RRF 19, EBR 14, mega 94, point nine, 13. Now let's see the SAC channel, right if it's formally Zana, right? And that's obviously we've still only got 13, mostly, destroyed that, like the discovery of everything else. Life 11, DNA 88, 88, 13, that's WGRGP. WMI B3, radio hitmo is got 2, and so let me tell you, for radio, I'm more in, Navi or Romance, they both suck at winning an R4. Probably like his fanica woman, listen to the station, we need to think. Okay, I would imagine, wouldn't you think? I would think. And what kind of other, who are the original, listen, roast station? Day, how big of a ther Luis, we got blow up thousand, sit and buy. And now, Neil Roger, this is 5-6-7-8-8-8-8-8. Oh, come on, they were, then, Neil Roger is coming up tonight, an inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music fighter, he broke off story. Day, having a music story is how big out their name. And that's about it. Day, we're hoody and the blow fish. We had these two friends, one we called hoody, because he looked like an owl. And Neil and Nicole, the blow fish, yes, he was always pumping out a TV show. Then, Nick's Daryis Rucker and Mark Bryan, just told us to complete list of everything interesting about their man. Well, thanks for being here, guys. It's a big sushi, soft-bomb. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We did a Saturday Morning Cartoon show about a sponge and hoody and his blow fish, yeah, we brought a clip, yeah. Doke out, blow fish, let's go the factory, we're getting on up! Oh, how old is he back, all the way home? You didn't even do a Saturday morning, did you? Nah, we just made the clips, we're bring to the interview, and we didn't want it to be over so fast. I see. Oh, we, we, we don't know. Do we tell you the story about our friend? They didn't know one called Hudie. And the other one called Bluegrass. Well, that's always done. Every time. Hudie and the Bluefake. He heard them. They're done. It should be actually a role with the two business. Tonight. They were two business, I can't find. I heard they both first. Com 46, I heard they both come. Com 46, I heard they both come. Com 46, 14 to one. We got the mole mice through it. Two, that we have mole mole. And no, go caught. Dolphin order, went hijacking of them. I love it when he gets angry. If he told you something right now, let me. You can mark it about it. Okay good. Just love it. The, there's, this in his face. They're like lighting up a Taehyung it like a curry bush. Dolphin order, man. Didn't help if Solomon is bill the ballpark because Dolphin stating that a agreement appears unlikely. A Britain close to Wayne's good said yesterday. violence last month have batted a bid for a ball, far near downtown. My main city is looking at other cities as possible, sides to redow kids to franchise with a blessing of major league baseball. Tysing to made the marlins a substantial offer month ago, but may soon resend the proposal said a person to make it with a disguise and close to the Dolphin Zone. The service is planned to be identified because negotiations have been private. Wayne is very close to pulling and plug on the offer. The source said at some point you say, I've had enough, and that's about where we are. I've had enough. Unless the marlins are major league baseball put something meaningful on the table, I'm literally a deal can be done up to now all the movements have been done by everybody but the marlins. They're looking for a hand up. Everybody wants a freaking hand up. Millionaires looking for a hand up. Full message is left for the marlins spokesman and with a spokesman for housing award return. Since they're in section 90, three of the marlins would share well we know that, but a week that a book, Marlins officials have said that for the franchise to survive financial media baseball only stating that they were trackable roof. They're looking for roofies. Major league baseball also said that the team must have a new ballpark to continue with South Florida. Vegas and Portland, Oregon are considered the front runners for possible relocation. Playing in their inability to swing a stadium deal. The marlins embarked last month on a payroll purge a fire seal. I mean everybody's gone. Speaking of that, yes, I was asked to report that, a different, I spent a $5 or $55 million contract of the Toronto Blue Gays. All right. All right. But a Blue Gays has spent a money like it's come out of a fairer faucet. Who is the other guy they signed? They released picture for like $80 million for what he said he'd run. Wow. The Blue Gays now we could be a contender in a Rodgers center. Oh God. A horrible name. Well, how do you like that? Blating their inability to swing a stadium deal the bar Marlins embarked last month on a payroll purge in the past to be still reduced their 2006 payroll by about 38 million by trading Jarspecket, Carlos Delgado, Michael O'Loul, Luis Castillo, Paula Dupa, and Guillermo Moda for prospects. And of course, A.D. Burnett, I was a Blue Gays. He was a free agent, right? Yeah. Yes. Building a ballpark nested off in stating when several factors in the state where all lower does make much too much sense. There's considerable undeveloped land on my housing. And the area between Miami and Fort Lauderdale coast of the three stressways. And here's the center of these strong self-order mega-lawful instances here. The self-order mega-lawfulist. Don't you love that name? OK. It's the mega-lawful effect was just a bunch of this going to be a bedroom town. But it's not, it's a mega-lawful that says the sun's setting on Stephen Wine. Oh, try to wine. OK. Stephen? So Wayne is figuring a lining way to say, how is it entirely of it? And they're not responding in your mama. And I don't plan them to be honest with you. Because this is going to be crazy, Bas. Excuse me. And what are they going to do? Just have a lame ductane for two years now? Because they got to play in 2006 and 2007, I do believe something like that. Is that not to be? It looks that way. Yeah. It's just going to be lame duct. Nobody will show up. They'll go out like with a whimper embarrassing humiliating. Just like I foresee the Panther organization, they don't butcher up. I mean, they got like, I see going, no one died. I can't hide them all, Joe. No one would. I scored a mean with school there last night. It was six to two. Kind of like a fluke off a high-shakes back. And that didn't mean too much. Yeah, we did. But I was there last night. And I'm not doing the game. You actually stayed during the game. I saw the first goal because it was real quick. But I got to tell you. And I got someone was with me to confirm this. But there were 800 people there last night. There's been a way to even thousand in the beginning. No. 800 people. I'm telling you, there wasn't even a thousand people. No, I'm not late around. I mean, I saw parts of the game. We have to, there were no 800 people. I would have noticed that. I would say maybe 3000. Total. Well, how long did you stay? I stayed for like the first 10 minutes of the first period. I see. Well, see, here's what they understand. And that is that another idiotic move, they moved the home games up on the weeknight to seven o'clock as opposed to seven o'clock. 30. I guess assuming that that way, the kids people would kids they get in line to get up early morning. Not a good move. Because even back in the day when a game started at seven thirty, there would be people coming at the end of the first period. People are work lay. Well, whatever the deal, people are just idiots can't tell time. They come in late. So now, what a game time is seven o'clock. The first period, most of the games that I see, there's virtually nobody there. They're playing like to an empty audience and it's like a command performance. So it filled up after I left. Yeah, well, I wouldn't say it's filled up. I'd be a little bit of a strike. Like maybe three, four thousand tops. Because the beast said there were a little, a few more people there than the task game, which are maybe two, three thousand back game. So what's the point? You know, what's the point having a strong event and nobody shows up? And they're only playing the best team in legalized that the powerful Ottawa senators, who just blew off the Icelandic decided to crank it up and start playing. With, of course, everybody's unfavored as the coach, BM, the spokesman, who still got that same defect. But nevertheless, he's got it all the team, the shennerders. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and the time passed. So he actually stuck around a little while. The pants is going to first go to a school in that game. Yeah, I was there for that actually. They led one nothing and it was one one. And then they went ahead to one and it was two, and then all of a sudden before it ended, it was this two. All, not good. And then like I said, do we know a nice, stuck in a kind of a greasy goal or late in the game to make this history? But believe you, me, if I were what a lot of our making 45 to two, they could have done it. It was just overpowering. I'm mismatched. This is a mismatched. I'm still going to happen. My favorite character in the movie, which they're all great. Yeah. But my favorite character is the, what's those thousand enjoy? So he's Jordan. All right. The real, uh, never see one. Yeah, doesn't like the skinny girl. She's one, no one who got it now with a Russian camera. Right. Yeah, she's funny. Joy. She goes in that, that takes an English there. There's illegal alien crowd over there. And like, uh, you're a scam. They're the, right from the beginning. Everything she touched her. Yeah. Everything she touched. And then he finally picks her up and takes her the ATM through, he can see him. Give him a thousand dollars. Can I have my guitar and CD player back at least? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Oh, man. She was good. That's a good movie. Very sick. Very twisted. And then, of course, the ending scene makes it all worthwhile. That'll go give it that away. Don't spell. Uh, I can't say that on the other way. No. But I. Okay. Well, how's that going to write? The Romans used to say, Vinny, VT, VD, yeah. Yeah. I don't know what I was. Yeah. Solid. I saw a conquered. Well, I'll see you in the part. I said, you know, everybody, everybody, every actor in actor said that when we were so good, Ben Gizara and Louise Lasson were so perfect. I mean, yeah, they were the perfect software to condo couple. Exactly. We said, you can just imagine with a lime green pants, you know, the chicken pants, just perfect. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the compound 5, 6, the Verizon, to get a wireless line. And there's not a call on the board. Look at that. Oh, me. But you just waited about 20 minutes for that delay catchers up. And they realized I'm ready to take another whole bunch of their call. I think we probably ought to get out of now. I'm not going to do it until I start. I don't want to stir with that crap now. I got one for the pull on. So sick and tired of hearing that. I got one. And then the, at least, like, 70 different than names, I say, I do, I will have a realד to try this. I will have it, an oldgy junior brother. Even when you walk on the mountain looking at the town, like our son, phonetic daughter, then, to ya look at that junkna. Then I will then check the Coast Office staff, because I'm doing this, because that's your wife, you know, he's just so young. A mother and sister has much more of their life. Everybody do not think about it, but he's too young. I do get more job though. But give me a second. Somebody QAN hello. Is the sorry, is this your? Yeah, this is going to be QAN. Yeah, I'll make the comment about her, yes, yes. About yesterday, why? Yeah, don't you think now your Ego is worth it at T.R.? A bigger person? Again. To gain. What can't we do yesterday? You're last in your last five? Well, they ain't go suck anyway. Why don't they care who cares? They go stink, wood or without T.R.? And I'm into you. How do you like that? That would be a scandal. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 9, Verizon, T.R. wireless 9, get all I for your power. Get all I can, education. Go out and have somebody read a book to you. Got to my face with your stupid football cram. Guys, this station is a typical illiteracy. You know what? It's all they talk about is stupid ball games. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Anything over and above and beyond that. They wouldn't know squad. They wouldn't even know how to squad on it. Don't say it. You're a driver. Oh, God, I hate that. Yeah. So people will be going down. I'll tell you what, I hate him worse than Derand Derand. Okay, okay. You can't talk about it. You're dead. You're dead. You're dead. You're dead. You're dead. You're dead. We're in through the gets it out. We're out for health. We're in through the get it out. What a great title. Wake me up before you go go. I mean, oh, I don't know. He's not saying all the way me. He's my dears. Oh, for the life he was doing somebody. Anybody with one eye would like to have even if it didn't work for anybody with a nose that could smell for me. 50 million miles a lot of dancing in that video. That's all we need. Really? Who was dancing? Oh, yeah. I bet he was dancing up the storm with that shelf. How many votes we got? How many votes? 1256. What do you think? The shot at 14 or not. No? We have a shot. We got a shot. That's what Jimmy told me. He said we got a shot. He said we got a shot. He didn't even get any. He didn't even get any. And you went to see that that what's his name? That Rosencran's friend's man. He's the same. He's a wise, saved guy. Although I do like that. It's interesting. But he's going to get mulled on this Sunday. That's my service tradition. I mean, can you begin to imagine the score that came? And through breeze by the way, says there's a breeze between these these. And he wants to kick their ass on Sunday. That's what he said. Is that right? Do you need any of that? You better start reading them sports pages. Mr. Maddenly, update. Uptake, I talked to her. We're really interrupted me in here. And I didn't even hear what you said. Oh. I said the job is going to be a deranged kick on Sunday. Shocking. Yeah. There'll be a breeze between their breakfast. He's a little rotten. This is five, six, six, eight. Power. He's fates and loud. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He's a little rotten. He runs away. Find the door and call the new brother. Send the black away. Find the key door and the secret. And don't worry, cause you have to be paid. Get out of the crazy house that you see. Shuffle round the land. If you hurry up, let's see the three cars, the internet. Cause the internet, cause the internet, cause the internet, and brought. Maybe that would be a surprise if the way they've gone, no shows up, but any second now. Hey, I got it in my hand. How do you like that? See this is my psychic powers again. I don't know. I'm sure you mentioned it, but I spaced it off. That Benicio was in this. Benicio built her was in there and the James Khan and Ryan's to leave. All of these people and enjoy it. Loose. Something I just came up with a pool that I'm so excited about. I might want to replace tomorrow's, I wish tomorrow's back. I might do this now. You can push it. Can I push it? Yeah. Although I know we did this a long long time ago and I don't really feel like. Scouring on there like for the old pool. What movie has the most sensational acting performances. No, there was something about happiness, lies. And everybody who was in there was fantastic indeed. Am I right about that? Yes, they were. And I'm so my shirt list that I got so far as Godfather. Godfather too. Network, which he acting was really good until the Josh Thomas League. Happiness, Magnolia, which even though you know I'm ending, the acting was unbelievable. And wrecking him for a dream. Okay. Are those not a good starter list? Good place to start? Godfather. We're going to weigh the hands down. It always is. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know Godfather. I was in the old world business. Well, what are some of the other ones that have all of them? What will find out from the audience, maybe? I think? Yeah, we're going to have to do that all right. Oh, no, we don't have to find that out. We already know. If you're talking about, that's back to you. Double Roddy's got his back to be got the final character. Double Roddy's got his back to be got the final character. Double QAM, hello. I know. I know. And with the exception of Dave Boy, I think what's the call, the Gank and New York had a great class. I think it's a wink. Yeah. What are you talking about? Ganks of New York. I know, but what is he talking about? Oh, gay boy? No. Oh, Leo was in it. I didn't say it, so I wouldn't know who he's talking about. Hey, Leo. You've fair. I'm going to put that on there. Ganks of New York. Okay. Why not? Who might argue? You were you saw it. You saw movie with Leo? Yeah, I saw James. I never saw movie with Leo. But the movie if it hadn't produced so much. You're going to do it. Do you have any QAM? Hello. QAM. Anya. Those people at 20 years, and I know this move is just in such a process. To be in a yes now or a time. Yeah. We all like George to be a yes man. No, no. You can hear my kids and music. But you know, it's just a little bit like you just, you know. You just. I don't want a yes man. I don't want a yes man. I don't want a yes man. That's what makes it more fun. That's right. Just like when the call is called. I love you show you the day. And that's so freaking boring man. I'm going to call for me an ass. At least trying before I hang out. Okay. Thanks. You know, she was starting to get a little in your old age. Yeah. I kind of like that's something new. Like that's something even Josh Cortes is like a ordinary is now. Which I'm starting to think about making that trip in the cold. You know, he was born ordinary or bornry as we say. He is. He's a good guy. But he's really ordinary. Contrary. Just like the thing. I mean, it's something different. It's something that I like that. You know that I like that. I don't want people just to suck up in piss ass. I hate that. It's so freaking boring. It's so contrary. Exactly. Just like the thing with the one you were there the week that he and Miguel were in there. Talk about my mom and Miguel, that's his whole life as Mr. Contrary. Yeah. It's a human thing. But to think about the razors. Oh, you would have said we were talking about like nuclear fish in the or child fish or something. You ever go nuclear fish in? Oh, yeah. Traffesian sometime. I can't see what's that. I'm trying to. But anyway, broke trout. No. Not her. The thing with the razors. You would have thought it was like so important. And he just. No. No. I know it's important. It's I got at call during my vacation about the issue. Yeah. That's right. I can't understand what he bought. I wanted to be able to tell me. I was to leave him alone. He's on vacation. What do we care what he's seeing as we? No. Asked us to call you. Oh, man. This is a freaking lie. You know something. Some people just never learn. You know that. I work. Even during the show. I wrote off the ship and label. I wrote up the check. I got it all sitting on top of my pants and the other one. There's where I can't forget it. And man, I might just slide off on the floor. You know what? I was a bit of heavy checks. Make a cell. Yeah. Oh, heavy duty. Oh, that ink. All the years. Really. 72 a.m. Hell. Yes, sir. Okay. I got a great one for your poll. Yes. When Gary goes on every month. I'm going to hear that. That's the one. That's the one. Okay. I think you can't just exclude the godfather so that we could actually get a fighting poll going. Okay. I'll scratch him both out. Yeah. Other than the godfathers. I'm going to write that. Other than. All your godfathers. Well, the one and two, not godfather one and two. Even though this guy will say, oh, there's no godfather one. I hate that. Other than those. You're right. That's why I did this in a couple of days ago about no names about why I can't spend. So because you know what it would have been. It gets so tiring. We made George Bush. We hate Washington, Bob. We hate the whole planet. Okay. Great. That's fine. We hate encoder. I agree. But it's for. We know that already. Okay. What if he's dead yet? Sure. We'll make my day if I find out. Well, I don't think so. I know. Jerry Williams is dead. 560560. Probably going to find the more bodies in New Orleans. Man, your government didn't have a job there. And they're buying up that tamarsel which you find out in that story today. And it's no effect whatsoever on each five and one. The bird flu. But don't confuse them with the facts. Because Donnie Rumsdale's got a lot of stock in that company. And when we're through with that, then we're going to go back to that the super again. Right? Right. But the super was stuck because if it was an answer, it's that. Everybody whipped up on a super was stocking it up. By the way, I'm sure it's all expired. It says worthless is a form of a year old aspirin by now. And there is not not too many things worse than an aspirin. W2AM Hello. Don't confuse them with the facts. Right. Don't confuse them with the facts. Right. I always go to hear myself back. 2AM Hello. Good news. That's an excellent choice. The rest of my life. Who was nice is good. Don't you agree? It's a do. One flu over. And again, when I was just saying something was a great movie. But I'm a movie that was great with everybody that was in it. Because there's some great movies that somebody acting was crap. Right? There's no question. Very rare that you get a movie where everybody has seen it. It is just the acting is just flawless. That's why I recommend for dream. And we just, first of all, the rest of the move. Back to us. Well, 567560. So what was this? Tell me about Jared Lido's band. Who was coming then? 40gb. I mentioned them to you before. I went to that show. So I'm started. Yeah. I knew he had a band. But how was the show? I don't know. I didn't see his band. You know, you go to an awful lot of events that you don't see. It wasn't, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it would, it is a, it, was, it was a, it was, it, it was a, it was, it's a, it was a, it was a, it was in a, it's a, it was zero, two, it was four, a, it was five, stupid, so to say how 10, the next day, one, and second day, one, how are you going to go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go back and sayち, and then, it was a, a, where the lady woman said it was a, the lady woman said it was a, it was obvious the lady woman, withoutcialth for, what, it was double. and the guy of Mary Baker, any whatever his name was, the guy of the TV host, and of course our boy, what do you make, may see, of course. And then the cop, what's that was like, he's your wife, he's got everything, I just saw him in something else the other day. Right. And he's always great, he's ugly, but he's pretty old. There were all great. He was also in the, again, some New Yorkers and that effect. Well, I'll be damned. But see, if the acting hadn't been great and if I hadn't been sucked into all the storylines, then I wouldn't have cared that they didn't end. Ah, see, can't stop, you just can't stop. You've got to, you've got to, you're actually both. In fact, it's probably the same butterfly was in silence at the lands. Remember that? The moth. The moth. Yeah. W2AM Hello. Hello, New Yorkers. Yes, sir. I really liked that. Jan, a shop on song, I mean, my book with me. And I was wondering if you could play it every time George is about the top. So I don't have to listen to him. And, uh, no. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. Yes, sir. I got one for your bowl. Okay. And, in fact, they had an on table a couple of days ago with Al Pacino's car faces. Okay. Scarface. Yeah. I didn't mind, but I enjoyed the S.A. for years in that. Yeah. And it's great. I ended up in ages. And what's the main Vincent in the Godfather III? Well, you're buddy. This has been Scarface. What's his name? He was Andy Garcia. Was he in there? Was he? I don't know. If he was, I listed. Scar, you know, you better Google it. See it was in Scarface. Andy, I drove you to what bells as they were. We're Stephen Bower. He knows Stephen Bower. Very Elizabeth, but Mr. and Tony O. Right. That's a couple of the people. Who else would I say? Andy Garcia. I don't think. What? What would you like to think about that he was in? It's Godfather III. No, and I'm not that bad. I'm trying to forget about that. Untouchables. That's it. The undue-tables. What can't believe we can say that? We just can't say we're going back. So you think you're going back? Does it? Tell them it's after one at five, 60, 72, I'm all alone. Maybe that's what? Okay. Okay. Is all alone? I wonder if it's got a long tube. Rich room filling sound from your iPod. It's the power of the amazing bow's sound back digital music system. It brings the music on your iPod. Even charges your iPod while a place. Sound and vision says you're bound to love what you hear. And that's because only proprietary bow's technology. Let's you get the most in the music on your iPod. The system is friendly with iPod. iPod, iPod mini, iPod nano, and iPod with video. It's sick of parents, soundlessly blends with your iPod. And almost any room they core. Easy to use even comes with the remote that controls the sound. System and the basic function is your iPod. More cross the room. Let the room filling sound with the bow sound. Back digital music system. Blv. New iPod experience. Stick the old iPod in there. And here what happens. Experience the sound dock today at tweeter and target. Comp you will say sharper image. Best by circumstance. Or Apple. 8-2-1-7-10. How reason is the email? New Pumbo from West Palm. Area right. You can stick your stick and change the dock. And there's an all-year moronic football goalers. Baseball will never die. It's the greatest game ever invented. It's not even talking about baseball if you can't respect it. I respect the United States of America low. Free information, Lou, the problem with baseball that area is not taught so it's post-life name. There's people like you who sit on your stick and butt. Something Palm makes you never buy a ticket for a game. I buy a piece of thick. I'm a seasoned stick holder Mr. Puma who is named after a second-rate character. Stop it. I'm over 70 yen. Who is we moved on? You can. It's good to know. It's big and a moment. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. I'm a big person. What's the distance from horses to two? Two? Two? Two? Two? Two? Three? Two? Three? Two? That's a little bit we need to. Two? Two? Two? Two? Two? That's all. Let's have a joke on my lap of both. My amicator is losing the game. One, one, one. My amicator is losing the game. One, one, one. My lap of all you want. In your olden-year-old belly-lips walk. And imagine where I went from. This player that I was going to decide. My amicator is losing the game. One, one, one. My amicator is losing the game. One, one, one. My amicator is losing the game. One, one, one. My amicator is losing the game. One, one. Yeah, they're leaving. They're leaving. They're going to guess what. They're going to hear the answer in a way out. All these people all are training you really well. I guess what I thought I'm lying. You can find almost anything. List to know. Uh-huh. List to crap. Hundred-greatest female acting performances is 19. When is this since something? And then since 1990, the hundred-greatest male acting performances. Wow. Are you impressed? I thought it was a nice handy guide. Well, I'm giving an example. The Sophie Joyce Murrell Street 82. Something over at Glorious Boston, I can tell you. I wonder why that one is. I guess I must have clicked the wrong one. I guess it's more than since 1990. The African Queen. I thought that was on E. M. Atters. Can't do an effort in 51. Oh, this is the female. Misery, can't be based. Lying in the winter, Kate Hipperan. Aaron, uh, rockabitch, Julia Roberts. See, you always took it on Torjulia. I, I think it's the, uh, Lyle, I love it, factor. Ganslide, in the vermin. See, I told you, I seen it in 1944, but I've seen it on TV. Actually, I was like, got what it went to be in Lee. Piano, anyway, and the men may like is 100 grit. Or just what's on here also. Number 11 is Fargo Francis McDormand. Yeah. There's also that E on flux movie, which sucked hard. And payed them away and never, his number 35, and she still alive. How many very monsters, balls 43. Anyway, the 100, uh, greatest male performances in the 1980s, uh, present. I see the female one is like forever, anytime. Sign up for the lands, Anthony Hopkins, number one. Oh, geez. There's a pull for us. Malcolm X, Denzel Washington, American beauty, Kevin Spacey, shine and Jeffrey Rush. Senatewoman, Alpazino, oh my god, are you kidding me? Senatewoman, you're a creditist. Oh, my god. Two, uh, that's enough to make me puke. That's bad. Mr. Griver, Sean, Pan American, is BS Edward Norton. How about Norton from our Tarny, Norton? What about something? Something to happen to happen to me? Uh, Mr. Griver, uh, seeing. Anthony, New York, Daniel V. Lewis. Ray, Jamie Fox. I am Sam Sean Pan, training day, Denzel Washington. Tilted out for you, Tom Hanks. The star strength redemption, Morgan Freeman. Well, there's a great actor for him, man. Morgan Freeman, he never seen him over with him, I didn't like. Yeah, so he always shows up. He's good. What do we know? We've show up. What do we know? It's great as opposed to people who skate their way through them. No, he's great. He is great. Schubers was Lee and Nison. All I haven't seen that yet. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross, number 16, 16th Fest, Jack Lemon. Hey, they're ready for that? In the name of the father, Daniel V. Lewis. Braveheart, Mel Gibson. Oh, excuse me, I got a puke. That's very good, though. What? Braveheart. Mel, thank you for it. Glenn Gary, your Russell Crowe. Yes, he was. A beautiful mind, Russell Crowe. So that's all that. John Schenke, Tim Robbins. Visual suspect, Kevin Spacey, K.K. Robert De Niro. You know, that was on again, the other day I watched about, maybe 40,000 or so. And I never realized the irony that is that, what's his name, Robert Mitchem, basically, he's a attorney in there. Somebody told you that. Welcome. My, I've seen him both, right? But some, I mean, Robert Mitchem was original, not job, but he original movie. It was much better, by the way. And then, D'Niro, who is, D'Niro was okay. I just, I'm just tired of him. He just, to me, he's always the same. You know, I mean, I mean, I mean, he wasn't tired of gangster in that movie in, uh, K.P. here. But he, he was quite a crazy person. But I just, I don't know. So this is not too old for this crowd, Dr. Strange. Love what's wrong with that, or how I learned to love the bomb? No. We've had that on some of our polls, right? Yes, we have. Well, what's wrong with that? Let's see, all defensive about passing it in. And have one of the greatest performing cancer, where she's got zero, uh, Peter Sellers, um, uh, set of a, slim pickin, sterling hidden, keen and win, and James Earl's Real Agelons. And sterling hidden, of course, was Captain McCusky and the Godfather, who was, uh, uh, yeah, that was one of the great scenes. He's got, he's got the, just forgetting, pull around the fork and he's got it in his mouth. And he's had kind of turned sideways. As Michael, I think. Michael gets to lots of first and then he's got to, but I think. And he's still that little, a very nice, Ivy League suit. Drop the gun. In fact, he didn't drop or he'd cost to him. Are we cost that in a way, huh? Right. Probably a lot of people can talk to him, so I had it. If I see a thing, I'd like those play in the espionage, you know. Well, that's good that I found all these lists. This is great. This is, uh, solves a lot of ills, you know. Come up with these two guys, full. That's the only, you know, thing. That's the only, uh, the people. Mm-hmm. Because this audience is so, okay, mutiny is an excellent choice. Especially Francis, uh, Robert Francis. Yeah, I counted this for a very, before I went to bed. Yeah. Fred McBury was great. And I remember I originally said he was good, but he was great when I watched it again, again. I told that Robert Francis man. He was, and he was really a dissentful character in the movie. Mm-hmm. And about him and his girlfriend, and whatever she was kind of me, it's nevertheless. And then he died. And then he was like, I love what happened to him. All the pretty guys he died, to shame. What radio station do you listen to the most? For music, music. And he's in, well, that's right now, back in the day, where we got those singers, man. It ones that cool, like, more music, like, uh, Okay. All right, more people here, from us to be God's family, to be the end. And he's dead. Oh. Oh. Or. That's the most beautiful thing. So many people here. Oh. There you go. All the singers all the time. So back in the day, once a part of the time, would have been between 2 a.m. and if you went and all of these things, that was there by a.m. where he was worth talking about. Now it's mostly crap. Anyway, don't listen. They all suck 600, you're right. 45.5% say all of these are stations itself, or our garbage, will. You wouldn't even, uh, put them in your septic tank. Sadlight radio 130, that everybody else beat Sadlight radio. 100 now many. Not 30 men. Big 96. Magic 75. Kiss 64. As bubble would say, kiss this. Underground Tower Radio 51, Lord 9451, the Coast 33, while 1027. That's pretty still on here. That's the bad news. KPX25, HCR24, VOM22, Hot 105, 21, not so hot. Power 906 really looks we're only 20. That's because that's sure is not our demographic. And by the way, let me say it again. I wanted to do this flavor. Mind me several times today. Two things. Thank you again Mr. President for the O'Ganas crisis. And number two, whatever of our 96 days we got under the do with it. Except even their pizza. Our MF. You know something I think now we are to like thank most for stealing their pizza. Now we're starting to get all the rest of these in a story. Our MF-19, EDR14, mega 94.913, 2A and A, 11. Whatever that is. Life 11. 8821s got 3. That's, uh, something, uh, something, WMIB3, some of you RTO. But I do what it most got up here. And AMR and IMR A and whatever they are, our MF-19, they also got so many uno-a-piece. One. Not our crowd at all. 1322 votes. I wish you they play a weeky on there though. Would you think? I would imagine. A little Greek came for our mc. How's he doing? I was him and that your girlfriend was the tennis player. And I couldn't hold you. There's still going to go in the straw. You're hot. Yeah. I got one thing to say to both of them. You're prairie. 26 after one is five. 16. You don't forget to come out to hurricane hotline. And I care to get very upset unless we weed this over and over again. Because the clients have been promised 75,000 mentions. Now I'd like to ask this about the time. How come my good friend Bernie Koser is going to competition with Coach Schula. And that little bit strange. I mean wasn't Bernie once upon a time. I remember the Dawson's. Josh? Yeah. And he opens up a steakhouse to compete with the shoes myster. The Brainstam. Anyway, come out there or can't outline tonight at 7 o'clock with him coach. Larry Koker, Bernie Koser, steakhouse and stuff. I mean we like that. Because we lost the shoes myster in the other place because they got the dolphin game. Is that what it is? Wasn't there some other story about that while we lost there? Well, we'd probably better not go into it. 26 past one. We got problems, man. We got more stories than they could see. And then we also got bread. So which is the worst problem? Wasn't the coolest steakhouse to your bread? Based on my opinion. I'm so far. I don't think that's a problem. But he made by that. In other words, he won't be there that long to be a problem. Oh no, I'm just saying that he's just another comic element like other people right around here. I see. When you're shopping for shoes, no comedy gets a brandy shoes. You know what happens when you play too much comedy with him young girls. But the fact that a matter is that brandy shoes you get the most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes that unbeatable prices all the time. That's why they're still around about the other shoe stores have come and gone long gone. Brandy's jersey, human selection of all the top brands, no offense. They got rock-poured, floor shine, echo, S.A.S. new balance from a fist of all the others. And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a customized video for your favorite comforts you were ever done. Just ask for Arnie. Tell him that Neil sent me in to me to ask for Arnie. And they'll ask what you're talking about. Brandy's specialized in wide widths. They really understand fit and comfort. And it's worth the trip from just about anywhere in town. So don't forget that I'm a readable combination for comfort style. Fit bag you went so much since always brandy shoes. And you'll find Brandy's a 29-year federal highway in poverty weeks. Open daily nine to nine Sundays till five. You know something I could play that brandy's. I don't have it for a couple. Next time, don't let me forget. By the looking glance, right? Okay. Like I said, Brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday. To nine Sundays till five. And this week is a great time to buy spares at Brandy's. Take 20 percent off on all great men's women's styles this week. So be sure to get your ass in there. There's the looking glass. Don't look into it because you won't like what's to see. Trust me. Come out of the store to the for sure this week or do their shoe shopping online at Brandy's shoes.com. You're a new rock. It's five 16. You're a new thing. On a good news about that, everybody wants to watch cure a full-sont TV anymore. All may be cold I first, but you don't really hope. 1340 votes. Look at that. We need 60 more. All this kind of reason Berlin. She says, each benign something. Sure. Yeah. 1340 votes. And we need 60 more and 26 minutes to get to 14. We're doing a show. We'll be ashamed to get that close and miss out. Wouldn't it? Yeah, let me bat. I still got 1340. Of course it takes about 20 minutes. See we haven't got a chance because it'll take about a half hour for Delay to catch up. The 4,500 in Mercury Montego when a quick production will side air banks. You're in the Gold Top Safety Pick Award for Large Cars from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. The Audi A6 will give it a silver award for large cars. But by and of the waterfront of the A6. Okay, good. The 500 Montego are corporate twins. Oh, I can't have another one for you too. And that's, we're window. All right. You never saw that? Of course. Five seconds. How much gosh you seeing we're window? Was the name Stuart and Grace Kelly? I have no. So that's the prize. Came up before he was bored. What does that have to do with the company? How many movie channels have we got now? How many of us got all the movies in the feed originally? Not too many of us. And a lot of us see the Monteevy. And a few years till be married. We'll be having sex anymore or having any kind of a life. And then he'll come in the front of the movie. And he can watch pin. Right. Or just pinhead. The 500 Montego are corporate twins systematically. What does this, a stoic creative version of the same car? Vehicles that we see in gold awards for good ratings, the best possible for front side and rear impact protection. Vehicles that were rated good for front side impact protection and acceptable for impact during silverware. Whatever. This is boring. There were 10 vehicles that's keeping all of those ratings. The top 10 cars. Large cars. The gold. If you went to 4,500 Mercum Monteevy, like I just said. Are they silver, Audi A-Safe? Mid-Size cars. The gold award went to sub-9, 3 and a super-religacy. The silver, the Audi A-3, the Audi A-4. The silver, the Chevy Nalable with optional side airbags. And to the Volkswagen Jetta. And the silver, the Volkswagen Passat. Small car. Gold, the Honda Civic Fordor. Many bands that were no winners. No winners. I've seen this video a little bit kill. You're going to be screaming. I'm dying of the ass. Not interesting. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, or less in Berlin. I find that most amusing, huh? Why that? She just makes me in my bloodbore. Although we don't want to pick on Dr. Rice. No. How's this spokesman doing? I must have been pretty happy with this experience. We didn't like giving up two goals of one period of life, Nightyale spokesman, but his team is kicking ass. Somebody to weigh in. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Thank you for that, Dad. That's one of my favorites. It makes me feel very festive. Yes. I have a favorite of yours. And, uh, Neil, I wanted to ask you some show-fixery. And I'm not happy with a play. And I was so curious about, you know, that you're young, mealtbit. Did that. And who is that? Kyle's that does that. It was Jim Schaller did the bit. And it kid was his kid. Oh, okay. And the plan is going to play in just a minute just because you asked because the holiday season. Oh, thank you. You're sweet. I am. Okay, have a day. You too. You too. You have to go to win a lot of money. It would buy tomorrow because I'm in a set of dry set. And it's quite frankly, it's not really that time. Anyway, just every now and then I send them all when I'm in a good mood. And for the great work he does on our website, sometimes. I mean, I think it's that time anyway, but no. But well, I mean, yeah, you always say every day you think it's that time. Yeah, every day goes in. Where's my check today? Like, you know. But, uh, seriously, when you're going on vacation all this time, so Eric is going to be doing these events. Well, I mean, I'm only going to be there till Thursday. One is Thursday, so. So are you telling me that this weekend Friday? I mean, it's only Tuesday. We can. I'll be doing this through a Friday and Saturday. That's what you tell me pretty much this weekend. So, would you say pretty much, yes, that's correct, sir? Because I don't care who it does them as long as they get on there. But I don't want to sweat my SO for over a hot keyboard here and over like 30 different websites. I mean, I'm not trying to find some interesting informative stories. And then find out, oh, well, there's a little cross up here. Y'all be out of here. Y'all be out of here. So what I'm saying, let's get it to say. Well, you're like, there it is. Okay, that's what Eric knows. What this guy's going to do is then we can blame him. Oh, that's what we got through. Yeah. So, these are two easy. These are two easy. Yeah. I logged into the scene. Daniel Mama got into so many pages. Oh, no, longer back there. No, yes. I was looking ahead of this one. Oh, come back, Jack. I'll just give you that. Oh, let's see what you got in the right. Oh, let's go again. Let's go again. Well, I think you can see up on you and do it again by the beach boys. What's that? Start learning? I like it. Wow, that was shocking. It's so... It's a hard starting over. It's a tough one. If we've tied that as the, that musical rejoin, we have all those four shows on our stage. We have an ADS here. Anybody believe that? No, I still don't understand why we've tied that stupid music. It's this. It's a meal right. It's just something. It's not what I'm going to say. It's a party girl. I said it down to me. It's a party girl. Getting ahead started learning is very important. Who's in your child? No matter what language your school system recognizes. We've paid after me. A-C-I-O-Q. And if your school system endorses black English, then getting that head start means getting Cooked down the ball makes. Class with me. A-C-I-O-L. Cooked down the ball makes. He teaches your child the intricacies of his new language through direct comparison with regular English. Just listen. Let me have a cooking card. Now try any bar Mc. Still, give it a game. Cooked. It's very catchy. Cooked down the ball makes. The learnings on language system that will have your bright young free school. They're talking like a violence gang member in just six short weeks. You'll learn the double negative. The excess girl. We're going to go back to our TV. And the proper way to pose an inquiry. Let me ask you a question. Cooked down the ball makes. Order today. And by the time your child is ready for school. Going to no school. He'll be ready to drop out. That's our guarantee. Cooked down the ball makes. Cooked down the ball makes. Not endorsed by anyone in the right minds. Who wants to go to an F and dance school anyway? Lee, where I said, we could. That was a great movie. It was cute. I wouldn't say they're all approved. See, the poll today other than Godfather's. What movie had the most sensational. See, nice to see the movie because we're talking about when everybody just stood out with phenomenal in the movie. See what I'm saying? Right. That's still. How about good fellows? No, Paul Serbina was in it. Sorry. You're going to be so that was. You want me to put that on there? Oh, I don't care. I already got. I'll put that on. I put good fellows on there. I don't care. My choice is another deal. I'm going to be happy. I don't, I'm not a Paul Serbina fan. You know, we're going to fall short today. And it's probably just as well. 13.59. We need 41 votes and 14 minutes, which is it's consistently possible. It's like about three votes a minute. It certainly is like not a lot to act. But it was just an kind of happen. You know? I would be ashamed to come that close. It will be like being behind six to half. And a hockey game in losing six to five. You know, it just this is shame. Welcome that close. I was well fooled up your 10. So we're not going to get there. 5 6705, 60. 5, 60. 10, 60. But rather than sing your rivals on. The most myster is standing by. He'll be along the tour clock to. He loosely. And he racculate. 32 a and. Hello. Yes, sir. Mr. Saturday night. You know, was in that right? No. Billy Crystal. And. Why? Oh, yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I can't remember the mirror, but that's not as important as flat. I see. Well, nobody likes flat me. Why? How many Q a and hello? Neil, back on. Now for full please. What is it? A pocket. A little hot like snow. Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thank you. Now would you agree with that? Sure. I'm not. The performance is a way. It was all weird. And what not. What other rubber do we should put on here? We can put the great Santini. Even Santini. Toomer was good. We could. He's got a to to to to toomer. To put that on there. What a great Santini. Of course, a lot of these are pretty old, you know. Although what movie and recent years is that all. If you go online, you can find out. And how kinds of contract crap. We want to put monsters ball on there. All right. No. That was pretty heavy. Well, I'm vote for going Gary Gordon Ross anyway. So. Well, that's not the point. I know. But what you're voting for. I'm voting for. I don't know. I guess I'm voting for network. Just to get. Josh aggravated. Well, I'm taking Glenn Gary. Better all. Also. Oh, you see. You actually saw that movie. Yeah. Well, that's that's a step definitely in the right direction. But I love that. I might actually vote for happiness because nobody's going to vote for it. I really think. Now vote for Magnolia. As good as the acting was in happiness, it wasn't. It's hard to say this. But it wasn't as heavy as Magnolia. I mean, it was heavy. But there was more comedy in it. There was an awful lot of comedy in Magnolia. Order the fraud is pretty funny. Next time for way to make me see. The way I think the bar. You think the bartender will like him if he gets that. The new teeth. I think it'll put him over the top. Yeah. They say. No. He was the funny one. The one that was. The guy from London was there. I can never think of all here we go with that again. Artigestion. No. I'm not already done. Please. I got a brain part on that. I don't like it. Brain blocks cramps whatever I'm certain they know me about it. Google it. Google Magnolia. Look at the list. I'll take it right away. While recognize it. Then. Here's it was Henry. Huh? It's Henry something. Henry. No. Come on. I'm going. You're good. Henry is so fast. 13. 74. 26. 11 minutes. We can do it now. We're going to the right now. The host come in from the world district. Okay. And then if the guy. People got the machines. We can get it to 1400. Like you have voices. We can make those machines. We ain't number one. Your fan asked. Oh my god. How is it possible? I know all the other people from last and wrote in Martin and I know it's Sylvia's already Johnson. And. Well, this was on. I think. What is it? Henry gives it. Henry gives it in his. It's a tough name. Henry gives name in the movie. His character's name in the movie. Yes. I didn't realize it. It's either. First and how. Really? Yeah. I'll be there. I thought he was for the birds. Or maybe he's just looking for a good bird. You're fair. Five six seven. Five six. Any of that. That's the good choice. Five six in the Verizon. Think of the Robas line. How many Q a. Hello. That's what you just said. Thank you. And we give some. You know, is Henry gives him. Oh, that's that guy. WC. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Pretty good. I'm moving. Okay. I did great acting performances all over. Okay. Thank you. I mean, he would. I wanted to say something else. I said, when I said that, that was just kind of kind of short. But okay. Thank you. How many Q a. And hello. You know, how do you think. Falling down with Michael Douglas and Robert. Well. No. It's a good movie. Check it out. Okay. Perfect. Okay. Thank you. You know, don't waste your time. I'll fall down. Oh, come on. Also down. You're like it. What? Well, I'm, I'm Carl Mollon. We've got a real big nose. I've noticed. No, seriously. It's a pretty interesting. It's kind of a dark movie. It's depressing and a little on a morbid side. And that's, you know, Scott Warren pity. And Brandon to will do. I need to see that again, you know. The reason I seen it there were branded to will is in the sack. He's got a shirt off. I think I got emotional when I saw that. And anyway, he's still dead and Robert Francis is dead. And is this, you know, see the Lord horse in the serious ways. If you look a little bit too, but he takes you out when you're young. See, that's the way it works. Or he makes you look really ugly for his civilization, get rid. Who did I see last night? You made me that crafty of the day about how men aged better. Oh, I forget who that was. But, oh, my goodly, only if you wrong, you're in a state of soul. So wrong. Okay. So wrong about that. It's a, it's a sad list by it's not even. It's not even. It's a sad list by who is my apology times. Everybody's on the way. Isn't a gay guy who only likes really young looking guys. Yeah. Well, what does that mean we need you on your young looking guys? Well, what does that mean? No, what you think it means. In other words, people who who appreciate men over the age of 25, not men. That's not the point. The point is that you're going to, you're going to have a discussion with me about what men look like. Okay. I think on your birthday, maybe it's a day to come out with a pass. Yeah. Everybody knows that. You're going to tell me that Jason Gagward looks better now. They didn't win was like 20 years old. I'm going to tell you you need some mental health. No, I said. Wow. Longer self. Well, I know who it was. It was that yellow. And every that silly ass movie was in the little, uh, Gremlins. Right. Well, he's in some movie that's so really big now. So I have no idea what it is. And my God, it looks like God, Christy, with the ugly stick. What happened to you, Zach? Then have thicker skin than we went for. Right. Now listen, like, Joyce is not going to tolerate that. And this is new run. What's that? That is 5. 6. 8. 8. 9 more votes for 14. And let's go. It's over. That's it. He's got a lot of knowledge to talk about me that way. And I don't see if I'm crack like that. Very nice to say. If he wants those things, then God is dead. What? Who are those? I have you. No. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down. And on the way to the condo, I call my fucking best. Well, yes. And they're half so burnt at me I call them bastards in the house because Court... Instead of just responding to a revenge on the perpetrator, who is the daughter of the Commissioner? It's the deadly run as you walk inside. And all those pacti really. I just said the boys are back in town. Why you? Yeah! And I just had a whole useful old booth. I know I've taken a stolen house. Why I even know all the new major rules. I've picked the judge. That he owes you. You should have been the one that said I was. You should have been the one that said I was. I know I ain't no way to play with you. But I ain't drunk I might work. You're a little smoothing. I'm a little smoothing. I'm a little smoothing. I'm a little smoothing. I'm a little smoothing. I'm a little smoothing. I'm a little smoothing. I'm a little smoothing. Okay, what's with the United 2M? We've got 396. We better get those last four votes before we got the 41 seconds to do it. Can we do it? You can do it. What do you've got? Same thing. 1402. I said a piece of cake. I walked in the park. And right now something like a walk in the park. That's like a walk out shot when it's like 85 below zero. It's 25 to least for United. I'm going to put on all my heavy crap and be in the tube for that I am. Come in through for everybody. Supporting the universe. I'm going over to finish. I like that. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. I'd ride it. You're soAyшed.gee to like to pour. I'd ride. I'd ride it. Just a little bites. Usually with riding that. I'd ride it. Oh, sorry.