You fairies All right, nice to be back tonight to the big night Yes, it is starting to be used with the panties the stalks was farting or Randy molar or Wendy or Randy You're not doing hockey stuff, are you? I'd Randy on this morning. See you. Don't kill myself You're one thing at least I like the keen and philosophy of bringing in veteran players And think that's pretty good some more about hockey Yeah, that's what they need is some guys that could put the biscuit the basket and I'm moving right along I'm Tony a man don't get suckered into that hockey stuff. I Rumor nearly destroyed my career with that stuff as much as I love it. Hey, oh, you're on here Me talking a lot of hockey, but he's an odd about it. Well, it's because you don't know anything about it Right, please do admit it. Yeah, although at least you don't come on here and say hockey suck Don't don't don't don't don't don't there's a terrible thing for a sports nerd to be saying that and why watch it listen to something Okay, yep, listen to this Of course you remember I've already seen the godfather I'm sure 6000 time right I have the scene from Connie's wedding. Yeah, they were in fact There were about a half dozen guys who I know from orange New Jersey who were in that movie in that scene They were actually yeah, I think they rounded up every Italian in the metropolitan area So I played that yesterday and I was saying that one thing about the Italians there are a lot of Smalls here than any other people on the face even the Jews can't come close to the mall So it comes to the Italian totally they have the corner on being smallcy man. It's a and if people are I see I can't define that word It's a smallcy. Yeah It's the opposite of penash. No, seriously Smalls is you know what it is. It's kind of like soul and that's it's you know It's that's right the passion and soul and ethnic soul of a little lighter complexed yeah something like that Whatever but by the way this Franklin Graham this man needs to be He needs to be swimming the sleeping with the fishes in New Orleans or whatever's floating around in the water Did you see this routine with him? See one thing about the news networks. I guess they have a lot of time to fill so they'll take the most irresponsible Regist people like the Pat Robertsons and Franklin Graham's is because he's Billy Graham's son put in the liner about all the people in the Warlins, you know all this the gravity there and the strip clubs and the gaze and those being and he was Rambo gone yesterday and he went to the amount for ten minutes talking his crap. Yeah, how about Bill Bennett? That's the worst Yeah, don't bet on it. Yeah, worse. Maybe coming yeah He said that's right. He's another swarmish player. You were I say another guy where the slide have it No question about it. He's a composer gambler now. Can you imagine I said yesterday was making a person you're old friend Jimmy the Greek You're about he got canned for a very harmless comment and here's a guy that goes on and uh oh well You're taking it out of context, but Lonnie how could anybody in their wildest dreams make a comment like that That's you know Mike Lupica actually wrote about that in this comedy Said it would be like Charles Barclay who said that something he said was at a context when it was in his autobiography right Yeah, all psychos they can say code they took all that stuff out of context about steroids are great And they're gonna be the next big thing for everybody everybody should be doing Maybe just look at out of context. You didn't really mean it. He changed his mind I forgot yeah, that's right. You'll Steve Martin routine actually see old Dick Nixon routine I forgot I can't recall you'll water date deal by the way speaking of watergate the cards are crumbling the whole house and deck of cards is coming down around a bushfire empire Yes, thanks a not good in the bush family these days excellent and wait till you heard this door Even his own party is not happy with him right now when you hear this story It'll just flip your relit if you had one Condies cable love connection what there's there's a fox of fox guy from your and Condy Trying to hook her up with a lady concert penis. I think like that on the internet no This is this is a true. I'll get to it. I don't want to like do the whole deal right now. Okay. I'll be listening But Condy has an internet lover. No, oh, but somebody's trying to hook her up with a lady I wonder what that me you're fair What that could possibly mean on his area Myers bitch by the way. Yeah, she doesn't like same sex marriage You more and more we're discovering not just that but she's one of these Jesus Christo Just like her mentor there. She found Jesus one day and all of a sudden she took a turn for the worst like being in the sausage shop She took a turn for the worst and she's a Very very staunch right to live anti abortion and pro the Sodomy laws and Texas She's another crazy person. Yeah, see the thing that they want to make sure is that they have somebody they can manipulate for as long as she's alive Unlike David suitor that the Papa bush put on there when he was a conservative thinking he'd be okay And then he turned out to be a raving liberal So this this one they know and that that's why Bush said yesterday A 20 years from now. She'll be the same as she is now. In other words, they'll have control They'll be easy and if it meant I don't think she's gonna make it through no I I told that to George before I said I don't think she's gonna confirm now that all this crap is coming out of butter. Yeah, she's a right to life right wing not Which of course I hope you real pleased with what you're getting so far you get in a Craig Meyer war with all these dead people in Iraq you got these gigantic gas prices You got a $3 trillion dead other than that and of course Fantastic job by FEMA and all these cronies that he's appointing all these a very vital agencies like Homeland security nice job all you bush people out there. They ought to be deported Starting in the state got a story about the most desirable places to live in the world guess what city is Trojan flash Vegas now No, it wasn't a fool in your house Van Kuber the world's most desirable that's supposed to be a beautiful city never been there I haven't either after check it out, but everybody says it's a fabulous place says the other top ranking Canadian cities We're Toronto Calgary Montreal and that order and then it goes down about Yeah, they're Australia and different places. It says to me port. What was the most favorable in this country? I'll get to it. I'll find it somewhere near see you put me on the spot. Oh, it certainly wasn't Miami. I'll tell you that The reports have candid that would low crime little threat from instability or terrorism and a high-dedive Infraestructure is the most livable destination in the world and I would say that whoever wrote this one I'd be like that so you were ahead of the curve. Yeah, as usual Just like when I stopped having boring guests on the show years ago and stuff doing all that yeah Dr. Don I have blue lips Dr. Don what can I do? What's your raise man? What's answer to him a mistake for you? What do you mean when you took up residence there? Well, no, it wasn't a mistake. It was just that the apartment was a mistake. It's very hard to get livable housing there And then my landlord was a grave robber and the place is unsanitary That's why during the show is that he asked Georgia was coughing and choking and peaking does all this Mildo and craft in the year. I'm gonna tell you more people get sick from allergies from mold and milder Especially in a place like Florida or Amsterdam where it's like basically prank to be underwater and it's so human and damp all the time People get sick of that they think have colds or bronchitis. It's an allergy thing How about getting that so thing about people who want to go back to New Orleans how long Yeah, I was like mold infested yes, and so I couldn't sleep down stare the bedrooms were down stairs in that place in the Department and so it was all mold and mildewy and damp and I was just sick the whole time I was there if I would have had a decent apartment I'd still and of course the studio that Bob for move put together there was just I don't even want to tell you about it if you think we got problems now with this audio vault crap and out of Every two minutes that would this is a positive compared to what they did for me So all right don't forget we have 24 or seven broadcast pretty revolutionary in the radio business 24 hours seven days a week That's their claim to fame that's it. I'll tell you right now this studio here which actually Remember big sad Julio yeah Engineer Julio here's a good guy and he also knew his crap. He built this down there this studio and then they took it apart and synod up here in the engineer from here Put it together and then Julio and Bob removed came up here and put the finishing touches on it, but it's great Every you ever hear any technical problems on this end No, sounds very good. Oh, and that's because there's nobody in here to visit Chinese. They poticky around with this stuff You don't get the overnight guys in there. Yeah We don't have the milkhouse fellow and Mark and the dark in here as much as I like Joe they used to really and of course We still got guys are coming on the weekend and Ditto was stuff Big budget meetings today by the way sure open put it in for a big race roll your flunkies there What what do you laughing about that's not my job? We're putting it for race for Josh Cortis Are you not for George though because we already know that's a waste of time because they hate him like poison and wish he would die a wicked Then yeah, well these guys work hard anybody whose conscientious doesn't good job in that place is hated See I've always maintained that they should eliminate one overly high sour here right and give it to the guys who really have earned it You know the guy right I can know the people who are producing shows and whatnot and they have a little bit of a duplication I would think well this is one area that I felt that they I have to leave now You take it from there. Yeah, it's already Wednesday for crying our life and you just came back from Monday York and Charlotte Don't get pvaled on the first day back That's I'll make sure that they are rushing shut a man a bad way to start the junior So happy Ramadan and you and see you my young all right Know that the Lord even loves me or I just Oh Oh Oh I tried to tell those guys on the do-off shop if they would have just played Ramadan a couple of times It's still have that show on a year. Yeah, anyway speaking about Hamilton I got a big pile of stuff your day including a story about condolese and I will say this will set your ass free man I'm gonna say when you hear this you will just you'll be spinning like a dravel like a top it'll curl your hair It will I don't start with curly hair stuff now. Okay. That's bad. I always know what direction he's going in I always have to make him in the bud Franklin grand by the way is the antichrist. Oh man You people that's CNN you need mental help no man In fact it seems like the more outrageous and the more absolutely insane somebody is the more airtime That's right. Yeah, they seek a bell When it's out let's seek out the most the fringe elements of the human race to come out and say things that are on the face of them are so ludicrous and so Assign and he's under yesterday rambling on about this crap about them the warlins and because of and then Jonathan King told him that the first things that they're opening in the French quarter are some of the strip clubs Oh, well, see I would hope that they would not open reopen those kinds of businesses and that they gay and lesbians would find Jesus And I would I'm gonna tell you something man the Jesus Christers make the fundamentalist Muslims look like a good Samiratans Jesus Christ I'm sorry Jesus right I mean you like pulled it because I saw him on there Yeah, I'd already had this story on and we have more on it today of course I got a huge pile and I'm gonna tell you right now I am not gonna get you my whole pile today even if I only have to take this long call at line nine It'll be very short you I am hello God. I mean Wait you might have been say insults and good That's what I was afraid of 10 13 at 5 60 W Q I'm happy I'm Ramadon happy and do you whatever whatever you're celebrating Okay, whatever silly crap you're into just go nail a Amazon's the antidote chicken on the door to cover all the bases and Equestifics couldn't hurt to out the more good morning More Americans are going to college and own their own businesses than at any time in our history So in the weeks ahead I will continue to focus on ways to break the will of America That is only a beginning our people are growing an optimism in hope So in the weeks ahead I will continue to focus on ways to weaken our nation's resolve We need to work together to ensure that oppression and fear We just every corner of our great country The political track of our strategies to Your hard work and entrepreneurial spirit this mission in easy and it will not be accomplished overnight Get out confident in the outcome Thank you for listening and if you too. It's a 10 18 if 5 60 W Q I'm happy wins the two is here's our pull results from air through day What's your take on the new floor to shoot them up lost anybody? Anybody since we last spoke yesterday Excuse me. I'm just pretty much a circle by Molly Arvin. I just you know something No, we take one more W Q a M hello. Hey. How are you? Good paly I heard you show every day. Yeah, okay good. Let it look young. Okay. I can see why we're not going to take any calls today Maybe my snake in a couple of hours. I just got to I'm on a mission all right. Yep I am on a major mission ready for that Okay, here's the oh and I guess I should move this up to the top of the pile do things in logical order What's your take on a new floor to shoot them up law only crazy people could support this 513 out of 1873 you vote only crazy people like Could support something like that. I love it can't wait to shoot somebody forward in 60 I can't believe it's law for every in the 6 only in America 267 j black is so proud proud is a peacock won't change this thing 144 I supported 115 I'm out of here 68 They're on the way out from the sunshine shake because it ain't so great and don't be late now and to let you're made Florida tourist warned on deadly force law Carcran C shades of the wild west and Florida's new logging greater legal protections to the people who shoot or use other deadly force When threatened or attack Listen with a eyebrow raised while I hope Christie Kubrick will walk around with a cross-eyed look It seems like everybody ought to be packing a piece at where I'm a visitor from UK at California You thought out about the law Monday from a gun control group handing out leaflets in Miami International I don't know if this is the right thing to do he be saying the leaflets begin with the words and important Notice the Florida visitors in bold red type by the Brady campaign to prevent gun violence Do not argue on us necessarily with local people it says if someone appears to be angry with you maintain to the best of your ability of positive attitude And don't shout or make threatening gestures or about a bane Florida's stand-year ground law which circumvirt Saturday means that people no longer must attempt to retreat or diffuse the threatening situation Before using violence or a later claim that they were acting in self-defense people already had that right in their homes But the law now allows them to meet force with force in any see this is where you thought it was on your property during like grung Now the law allows them to meet force with force in any place to have a legal right to be in a parking lot in a restaurant That work don't leave that out the right to stem up and bring their peace to work the right to stand your ground is not a Plot the person is confronted by a law enforcement officer So you can shoot anybody does not a cop performance of the measure pushed by the National Rifle Association Seattle makes Florida safer place not more dangerous Your fat ass governor Jim Bush has repeatedly pointed away 34-year low in state crown statistics to demonstrate that Florida's not a haven for violence not yes It's pure undidulated politics for said last week at the Brady campaign tactics shame on him shame on you. How is that Terry and her human? No, Jeff that's right. I forget he's busy pushing that Disney book because they contribute The Ziggins and dollars to the Republicans. I can't find that story The Florida tourism industry however is taking the campaign seriously with visit Florida the state's official tourism marketing arm Issue in a statement calling for it a very safe and secured destination that excels and caring for its visitors Not so much to German tourists the dead ones, but nevertheless We believe that Americans international visitors are smart enough to understand that the Brady campaign is one group's political agenda Not a real safety issue the statement said. Oh, right The Brady campaign leaflets which the group intense to hand out for about a month in Miami in Orlando airport It's called the measure the shoot first law and urge people to take sensible precautions while visiting Florida There was no other state of the nation and no other civilized nation on earth That has a law like this said Brady campaign spokesman Peter Ham it because the most aggressive people inside it over yet The group has also taken out ads in Major Detroit Chicago Boston London newspapers about the new Several people of Gothel, he flips at Miami airport on Monday appear to be taken aback by the new law It's a little scary Melissa Vassberg on a way home to the Chicago area after Cruz in the Bahamas said it's shoot first answer by the lady You got a Melissa my kitchen He's a real quick study Okay, here's the deal on a poll today and I'm so inspired by seeing that jackass Franklin Graham Who's main claim to fame is that he's Billy Graham son another crazy person other wild Jesus Christer I'm telling you one thing about you going out there, man. You just won't leave everybody alone See I have no problem with religion no matter what it is if you just leave people alone if you stop Whether it's the Muslims the questions the Orthodox Jews the whoever it is I guess the Buddhist don't bother anybody but they walk around with a spunky office. They bother people over there Do they really yes they do the Buddhists and then of course the scientists who know They tell them hey all your scientists you're fair anyway It's here in the 20s people it's more most people follow religion because of brainwashing 102 weakness slash need for a crutch 88 because of fear of death 88 like mad little hair used to say before she got sliced to pieces We're living without a hell isn't worth a damn Wanting to belong to a club 19 stupidity 14 which of course ought to be left there near the top But God forbid we should say that that of course is Yeah, good good good And like a common sense 12 that's those are the choices I put on here I think it's a pretty good done now here comes that condolences story is it on our website already? I'm sure Josh has got it. Yes, it is this is absolutely positively Unbelievable now that's really very believe well, if I could echo is what I've been saying since I have my thumb on the pulse I got my thumb on a pulse little Tommy jicken spotty your aspirations. Okay, it's quite of your hallucinations And I don't see any corrections. I don't see any apology that's swilly wrote about what was it? 45 years ago. Oh, how he's gonna be able to keep and touch he's gonna be out of touch doing a touch this You idiot you quizling you're fairie Speaking of that here's the condy story now strap yourselves in very tightly Condy's table love connection After a grueling day of diplomatic affairs Condolese arise could probably use in a fair of her own but things must be pretty grim if even fox news feels compelled to hook her up Not surprisingly the blog roll is a buzz this week after a reason interview in which post-course button James Rosen Lobby the defiantly single secretary stayed on the terms of a company female calling. Oh my god The odd interchange year last Tuesday when rice sat down with Rosen for interview and portal prints Haiti Oh, I'm actually loved that there. Oh, yeah Love they don't cut the neck kind of going on Rosen over the convention with a few softball questions about present arrested and Iran's nuclear ambitions But he closed it with an impassioned testimony on behalf of Fox and friends anchor Lauren Green a 30 something former mismanters who's apparently a big fan of the secretaries and excerpt Rosen All right, I close with a gift for you. You met this person once I believe, but you really I think I'll know each other because this woman is I think they'll have an interest in knowing her. She is one of our Fox news anchors in the orc her name is Lauren Green She is brilliant. She's beautiful. She's African American. She's single and she's a concert pianist in her spirit time Rice my goodness Rosen and she asked me to give you her CD and I promised her that it would rice. That's perfect Rosen and here's her doing a number of different classical pieces rice. Well that special Rosen So there you have it rice. Thank you very much. Now look forward to seeing her sometime Rosen All right. She's gonna want to hear from you Rice and maybe even playing dual piano sometime or dual well Dooling banjos not surprising the accuracy change left many wondering if the ride reporter was trying to set rice I thought a day, but when we call the ask if he was trying to play matchmaker Rosen insisted nothing could be further from the truth What I meant to say is that to two of them have a lot in common the veteran correspondent was frequently accompanied rice and overseas trip Said it I would never presume to deal with all with secretary rice's personal life Though rice hasn't been publicly linked with anyone since he stepped out with football player turned actor Jean Washington late On 1980s state department spokesman Edgar Vaskas dismisses online speculation about a sapphic setup I wouldn't read anything into that he canceled what we call to me yesterday That's gets said there is no date set for rice's proposed rendezvous to tickle the ivries with green Or does she's gonna be tickling but I don't think she'd be adverse to meeting her Where did there's time and her schedule opens up? There's a different thing green who's album classic beauty was released in 2004 This is I cancel my amika 5, 65, hacks Bull maiden Now you're far meant to let me do it And we're still in the interest Out of hold on you Wait, these nipples catch their law Pretty soon Whoa, you're in a net control Yeah Whoa With no way to run No one can take you to the land No one can't run No one can't take you to the land You can't be perfect You can't be perfect You can't be free to fly And the route to change You can't be perfect You can't be perfect You can't be perfect You can't be perfect Oh, you can't be perfect Hence, what do you want to find? See, see, every hit here's a fact that says From somebody Uh, contribution of days poor Most people follow religion because of need for justification for their resignation Huh? What? What does that mean? I don't know. I was hoping you could explain it to the need for justification for their resignation What do that mean? I thought you would interpret that for me Sounds like fear of death to me Yeah, right? The nation of life Like that's the only thing Uh, I said I haven't got any idea what I mean Sounds like double-talking talk out of me Okay, I think the poll is just fine Okay, we don't need to be building the poll So this relax Although line nine is ringing another short call QAM, hello God, don't answer Okay, I told you we would take some short calls today This is perfect No, it works out perfect Correct, because I have like I said I'm going to get through this entire I got some very heavy duty stuff Which isn't quite as important as some of the calls we've had so far In fact, aren't we like three for three? So far My Ivan's rights, the unification of church and state Uh-oh Now we're in trouble Doesn't take much to read the tea leaves On the Harriet Myers nomination First it's bunker time at the White House Myers chief qualification for this job Is largely the George W. Bush and the team What the nomination means in larger terms for both law and society Is the fifth vote on the court to overturn Roevi Wade Aside from that father some little matter The more Myers appointment is like that of John Roberts Could have been worse Not as bad as he if Jones Not as bad as Priscilla Owen And you should see some of our voyages from Texas Myers like Bush himself is classic Texas conservative establishment With the addition of Christian fundamentalism What I mean by fundamentalist was one who believes in both biblical and erency and salvation by faith alone She is enrolled in the value of Christian Church of Dallas What she attended for the last 20 years before moving to Washington five years ago Among that church is other members is Nathan Hect Of the Texas Supreme Court considered Secondly to Priscilla Owen is that court's most adamant anti-abortion judge According to Myers friends she was pro-choice when she was young woman But later changed her mind as a result of a Christian experience of some kind Those who spoke of this did not know were well enough to say whether it had been a born again experience Or simply a different understanding of theology Myers had the support of feminist when she ran for office first in the Dallas bar Later when she became the first woman president of the Texas Bar Association Even though the feminist were where she was anti-choice at that time The far more conservative TVA was at odds with the American Bar Association And sometimes threatened to withdraw from the national organization Myers was considered a moderate and that she didn't want to withdraw from the ABA But favor day proposal to change the organization stance from support for abortion Rights to a position of neutrality One of Myers key backers was Louise Rageo a much revered Dallas feminist lawyer The women lawyers groups favorite Myers despite her stand on abortion because she was a candidate acceptable to the establishment That's making her electable as a woman. Myers sometimes took women judicial candidates to her very prestigious firm The Dallas sat for the obligatory meet and greet even donated democratic candidates both these behaviors were well within the conventions of Dallas city And judicial politics especially in the 80s Dallas city politics are nonpartisan, never like Texas T, sweet or unsweet Come oldie and two flavors establishment or less establishment Myers qualifies his unestablishment despite being the girl as few of the old dinosaurs still put it That's slightly feminist tends to work credentials as a plus but she is quite definitely anti-abortion If you ran for city council in 1989 is a moderate but struggle during your interview with the lesbian gay coalition At the time it would have been considered progressive even show up The Dallas police department did not then hire gays or less beans and when asked about the policy Myers replied that a farmer should hire the best qualified people The classic political side step answer when pressed she said she did believe One should be able to legally discriminate against gays and it's the recollection of two of the organizations officers that the response and love her religious beliefs Praise the Lord who can we hate today? Myers church dates on its website that it believes in biblical inerency full immersion baptism original sin and salvation dependent entirely upon accepting Jesus Christ Everybody else is going to hell if she says I like that George. Yeah, I got reservations. Oh, maybe that's what that I'm not about reservations. I've said I have reservations for 10. I've said for years about people in public life I don't write about sex drugs or rock and roll says Molly I've been so if I had my brothers I wouldn't write about the religion of those in public life either as I consider a most private matter Separation of church and state is the is in the constitution because this country was founded by people Who would experience both religious persecution and state supported religions. I think John F. Kennedy's 1960 statement of the Baptist ministers Should stand as a model of how public servants should handle the relation between religious belief and public service nevertheless We are now be set by people who insist on dragging religion into the governance and who themselves believe they are be set by people determined and drive God from the public square How do you like that this division has been in park created by and certainly aggravated by those seeking political advantage It's a recipe for an incredibly damaging and serious split in this country and I believe we all need to think long and carefully before doing anything to make it worse As an 1803 quoted, attributed to James Madison goes the purpose of separation in church and state is to keep forever from these shores These ceaseless strife that has soaked the soil of Europe with blood for centuries Oh, brother that all those good religions are Kill each other are they? Oh, I can't believe that not all those good Jews and Jesus Christers and all the others All these Christians oh wait, I'm sorry 384 votes on the poll so far kind of a media. You'll clear the way things have been going lately We ought to have like six hundred on there already because this ought to be done one see this is another example I've been in the Democrats that dropped the ball. You know, we got this global warming thing and the I have whole ice caps are melting But other than that and then well, we don't want to talk about the ecology because that's you know All the tree huggers nobody cares about that So they just dropped the ball on that and they also dropped the ball on the Supreme Court issue The fact that we electing George W. Matt that he was going to have a very very serious opportunity of naming two maybe more judge And here we go. We already got the Roberts in there your new chief VDI and now we got this bitch who's on the verge I don't think she'd like hey, so I'm think she's going to get Nobody likes her yeah, but the right wingers are going to start kind and they're going to close you up to her a little more Now that they're finding out about her her vehement anti-abile I got more a lot more crap on her a lot of crap The Religion because I can't hear where you're saying and that's good rain washing one 18 brain washing from the time We were a little kid you got to put on the abeanie on the head you got to put on the tolerance You got to squeeze your arms with the its it's is you got to grow the pace Oh, by the way Guess who was anti-div the day very briefly. It was like his lost his mind I think he's cracked under the pressure Jesse Ventura must have been a three day show We did on MS and BC three that showed that got canceled right away He's he's grown this I don't know if it's a full man chew because it's like the beer hangs from the timber It's like tied together. What do you call that? It's tied together. Yeah, it doesn't just hang it's like Well, whatever it is. It's a Jesse Ventura. It's a wrestler's full man chew and he just like so he was Rambling about how he's getting out of the country because the US is finished and it's insane and they've lost freedom of speech and goodbye I was it it was It was scary is what it was I think what they've done is probably he him the Chinese water treatment on his balls font yeah because he had the audacity to go public and say religion is for weak people and stupid people It's a corruption and then all of a sudden of course they force him to try to back away from that And we didn't really mean that did you? Oh, well, maybe low. Wow, you atheist bastard you even piece of turd 402 votes most people follow religion because of brain washing 1 21 fear of death 112 weakness or need for a crutch 107 most people are weak weak like how martinos voice weak like we the Cosby's voice Why need to have a longer were club 24 stupidity 22 in lack of common sense 16 They just won't think for themselves what a concept. Okay. Let's take a look at that award ring QM line I'm pretty sure it's a banner day for your Florida Panthers and I wish they would stop sending all these offers of free tickets Because a lot of people get really peoed about the fact that they spend a lot of money for a season tickets And then they find out the person sitting next to them. It got freebies. You know, it's kind of aggravating So don't be doing that no mode. Don't be given away the good seats for freebies no more guys because It really pisses off some of those former seed and ticket holders some of whom are not they're gonna renew I was here But anyway opening night tonight baby Atlanta trashers yelding debut along with that silly goose red deer Randy This is kneel reporting in the world Bitch Oh It's what you who messed up You can defend him But I'm sure you will buy many things that he should do time Wait to film to run the F F Some people died when he ran half F F No The Everyone knows that you leadership mode You can go back to your foreshows Today both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll That maybe because as long as he remains at a administration official is testimony must be cleared by the white Oh my god N44 60 before 11 here on the left wing spin-miser comic pinko fang show I don't think I'd threaten to do it. We got Moe two of course I'm mad dog from the bank Atlantic Center formerly the right yentice center the office depot all those names The yentice center out there in sunrise at four o'clock till 630 get ready for the big game tonight 630 panther preview The trashers and the panther seven o'clock tonight panther's rule a window division and who knows how far to the playoffs this year That's my prediction and cap one 10 and guilty. This is debuted in a lot of pressure there, man He's probably sweating bullets right now. Anything Well, if you're sweating bullets You've got to do with bullets your fan ask governor loves it Cindy she and rights Oh God Cindy she and for president. I say Michael more for president and Cindy for VP Okay, what do you say about that? At least Secretary of State or at least something war-hawk Republicans in anti-war Democrats What's the difference Cindy would like to know? Excellent question Cindy she says the past week and VC found me in many offices of our elected officials Senators Congress persons pro war anti-war Democrat Republican with a few notable exceptions all our employees told party lines Thanks to those who met with me because except for Senator Barbara boxer California was not their constituent and I believe they were Republicans who met with me whether they knew it or not. We're breaking with their leader on this since he was too powerly to meet with me He was too busy worrying about I broke our red the war-hawks I met made my skin crawl They so obviously are supporting war that is not Narnation's best interest Nor is it making this more secure I heard from the senators dole and McCain and representative Musgrave of Colorado about 9-11 and fighting them over there So we don't have to fight them over here. That made me sick George Bush is lying bad that imperialist readmongers Expoited 9-11 and Rhinational terror and other terrorist attacks to invade a country that had nothing to do with the attacks in our country Now in the aftermath of those lies tens of thousands of innocent Iraqi civilians are dead in almost 2,000 of our brave young men and women too What makes the Iraqi babies and families less precious than ours the crime that these people committed was being Born at the wrong place at the wrong time George took his war of terror to their doorsteps I've been ascended at dual when she thought the occupation wouldn't be able to end when she was Incrementalist that I would even think of Iraq as an occupation She sees it as a liberation. I really wanted to know how many of them do we have to kill before she considered that they were liberated The war hawks are war nixes I like to call them also used a rationale that Sodom used weapons and mass destruction on his own people I ascended rule three times where Sodom got those weapons and she wouldn't answer me because the smiling kind patronizing war hawk Get newer Sodom got the weapons. He got them from the USA Sodom was a bad guy, but he was our bad guy See the famous picture the grinning rummy shakin who sands hand until he decided to sell his oil or Russia and France for euros and then all my gosh Sidom kills his own people We didn't care about Sidom killing his own people after the first Gulf war when George the first encouraged the people of Iraq to rise up against Sodom We didn't care about the Iraqi children dying during the Clinton years from the bombings in the sanctions all of a sudden March 2003 those things became so important that it was urgent that our troops invade Iraq besides the member of Congress were George Ash to the authority to invade Iraq specifically mentions WMD's terrorism It says nothing about Sidom being a bad guy or spreading freedom into democracy to Iraq The reasons for our continued occupation changes fascist the old ones are proven to be lies It was horrible to talk to these warm-and-green Republicans I felt almost felt like I had to take a shower after each visit But they didn't affect my resolve Congresswoman Musgrave was openly hostile when we were ushered by Her very nice staff and we're office Musgrave actually has a son in the service, but you got very defensive when I asked which branch of the service for a son who was stationed in Italy was in I was asking mother to mother, but she basically said it wasn't any of my business I told her she must be very worried about her son and he would be my prayers I know that it's hard to have a child in military service whether in Iraq or Italy She also supports the president 100 percent Did these politicians not realize that the people are withdrawing their support for this war and for this person at an unprecedented clip to support George at this point Is the support of sinking stone to support George at any time is it was a mistake of tragic and immense proportions The warhog Dems on that with where equally if not more disheartening although my meeting with Senator Clinton went well I don't believe she'll do anything to alleviate the suffering of the Americans in Iraq or the Iraqi people I don't believe that sending more troops is the solution only aggravating already on tenable situation We met in the our city with Senator Chuck Schumers a to told us that the senator thinks the occupied state of Iraq is a good thing for America But he wouldn't elaborate on why the aide was asked if the senator had invested interest and keep This war going because the senator are certainly not stupid enough to believe that this misbegotten misadventure in the Middle East is good for anybody I don't think the people of Louisiana Alabama Mississippi would agree with the senator that the illegal occupation is a good thing The anti-war dim is for plex me most however except for the good guys like the members of the out of Iraq Caucus and a few senators The Democratic Party line is that we must allow Iraq a window of two months of time and after the referendum on the Constitution this month and the problem To reelections in December it will be time to attack the failed policies of George and his cabal of liars and I mean he was Howard Dean He told me that the Iraqi issue was hard and the new Democratic contract with America is gonna have 10 points and the first one is gonna be universal health care I told Mr. Dean that if the Democrats didn't come out strongly against the war and against George's disastrous policies We were gonna become as irrelevant as a party which is already we're gonna come irrelevant as a party which is already happening and the heart issue should be the one that is worked on the hardest I'll admit that the issue doesn't seem so hard to me George and his sick of fatty planet criminals lie to the world too many people are dead for the lies too many people Aren't harm's way for the lies. It's time to bring our troops home I'm just hoping against hope that the war is on the dim's contract somewhere George is always pulling out the old saw that what he doesn't sending our children to die and kill his hard work I hate to see that same adjective use to describe bringing them home the war issue isn't complicated It's wrong to invade and wrong to stay bring our troops home simple I think if one is not speaking out now against the killing in Iraq one is supporting it I believe that the members of the Congress who have always been or are now opposed to this word need our 100% support admiration and encouragement Everyone else needs to be prodded in the right direction I am forward every member I spoke to this past week and during our bus trip to lead our country out of the desert I believe that if they did America would follow them through fire to bring our troops on Finally, I was harassed at the Capitol building by a thug security guard who's screamed to me to get out of the building unit next until my nest appointment I complained to another security guard about the disrespectful treatment that I received from the other guard And he said that most of the employees were Republicans and they didn't appreciate what I was doing I have news for them. This isn't about politics to me. This is about flesh and blood This isn't about right and left. This is about right and wrong 19 troops were needlessly killed in Iraq this past week 19 families were destroyed senselessly and avoidably hundreds of innocent Iraqis were killed just for being a home that day Just being out shopping or just going about through daily lives and average of almost three of our young men and women are killed every day in Georgia's abomination while the warhawk Republicans are wrongfully supporting a wrong-headed war in the anti-war dims are Heming and high about the politics of the administration's vis-a-dian evil policies How many more families will get the news that their lives have been destroyed in the tragic meantime? What are they waiting for? You go, Jeremy. Oh, that's wonderful. She is right up there with Marie and Dow. Let's be gonna Marie and Dow Oh, you're not gonna just read for four hours today. I just might, you know That's rude. This is like back in those seven months right in father because they got nothing to say to the anyway It's pretty old. Come on. There's one on the right now. If you weigh in hello. I'm afraid to go Yeah, I told you every girl came over along I don't say I didn't take any calls that they managed for a while They all been equal if I'd pay cash to caliber my lie love it Look at that four four four on a pool 144 boat Uh-oh You're knocking our religion you're making fun of our ability. Yes. I absolutely am okay, but at least I'm a you know consistent each and air all of them That's just one not just the blame not just the Jews not just the mussel all of them It's got a stop somebody somewhere has to plan to seed a tree a bush. Oh, sorry Marie Dow says all the presidents women is her column Which is on our website by the way. It's already no more owner. She did they love her. You know? I'm always right behind condy. I'm sorry. It's probably kind of your very aware of the synagogue shooting since we've gotten four or several I'm not interested in talking about some Getchie there in Bokan some shoes shootin the Support effed away. Okay. Who cares? Why do I care so that yesterday? Why do we care about that back? For facts on this day. I'm interested. Okay, so Jews killing other Jews. It's about time they started picking on their own anyway Look now. Here's a fact there's many people follow on practice religion order for their children to be able to attend the religious private schools Yeah, that makes sense I know people who say that but I'm thinking why do you want to send your kid if you don't believe that crap? What do you want to send your kid to a point? I think he was really a believing in a religion. That's a whole separate. That's Freeloting or whatever you want to call it separate issue and that's part of the brainwashing Sitting there kids those religious schools why so they could learn to be barbarians sending them to all those Whatever they call what are they what is it? If you were sure huh oh the Jewish schools where do they call those that forgot already? I'm being huh sure I said to do a school's not schools get with it And of course we got the addresses for all you a fanatical islamist out there and then the guy and we got all kinds of religious schools for you man Institution oh yeah, which most of the franken gram belongs in an institution make no mistake about that Nice going you many exit CNN you people are crazy Your lunatics you are irresponsible your towers need to be taken down all your equipment needs to be destroyed CNN must go anyway All the way do like I like I don't want to say we I like Rob Marceano. Oh, he doesn't need the ham and cheese sandwich Maybe could pick up some of the food that Karen Carpenter left the tutorial think because he just he's getting scrawny Your brother to he's he you've heard a wide screen TV he's on the narrow screen TV poor Rob Morey doubt all the president's women She says I hope president and push doesn't have any more office wife talked away in the White House There are only so many supremely powerful jobs to give to women who aren't qualified to get them the West wing is a parallel Universe to TVs was still your lane and instead of self indulgent desperate housewives Where you have 60 nannies there are self sacrificing buttoned up nannies serving as a during workwives Can't win to double use every political legal and ego affirming need Maybe it's because his mom wasn't enduring enough but more tart and prickly even telling your son the president Not to put his feet up on her coffee table or maybe it's because his wife says his kinship with his mom gives him a desire to be around strong Very natural women but W. Love being surrounded by tough women who steadfastly devote their entire lives to Doding on him like the vegetable virgins guarding the sacred fire serving as custodians for his values and watch those for his reputation First the elevated condy rise to Secretary of State even though she had buggered her job as national security divisor Failing to bring a sense of urgency to warnings about terror was made to the America before 911 and acting more as an enabler than honest broker in the push to invade Iraq Anybody can you say mushroom cloud But what were these limitations considering the time to work a hollock bachelor read log to W side and Crawford and Camtay Vick coaching him on foreign affairs talking sports with him exercising with him making him feel like the most thoughtful Far side and the he man in the world then the elevated is long time a speech writer memoir ghost writer and cheerleader Karen Hughes to Under Secretary of State for public diplomacy even though it's exceedingly hard for the six foot text in the trance Spin a billion Muslims who she doesn't understand the first thing about But who cares about a lack of expertise in such a critical job as long as they work a hollock loyalists continues to make a World boss feel like the most thoughtful far-sighted he man in the world and now he's nominated his White House console and former Lawyer Harry admirers to a crucial swing spot on the Supreme Court the stall in Texan called Harry by some old friends Oh no, Ellie is a bachelor at who was known for working long hours Sometimes 16 hours days in a frequent guest to can't David in the Crawford ranch where she helped W clear brush Like getting the picture right she is a handsome woman like Miss Hughes and Laura Bush He's a graduate of Southern Methodist and she's always been there for W1998 doing his reelection race for governor Harry handled the first question about whether Mr. Bush and we see favorable treatment again They text his international guide to avoid the draft though the former Democrat once gave a grand algorithm 88 She passed the loyalty test for W during the Bush versus Gorset standoff in 2000 What she recruited conservative lawyers to work for the Bush group in tele-hancing But who cares whether she has no judicial experience and that no one knows what she believes or how she'd rule from a bench He's never been behind as long as the reason her views are so mysterious is that she's Suppordinated them to W is making him feel like the most thoughtful far-sighted he man in the world David from the former White House speech writer and conservative commentator reported on his blood and his Myers once told him that W was the most brilliant man she ever knew Bushy and Harriet here the same board again Christian faith which they came to in mid-life The sighted who adopt Jesus Christ is their saviors the Washington Post reported that she tides to the value You Christian church in Dallas where anti-avortion literature is sometimes distributed and taped from the conservative group Focus on the family are sometimes screen and where when she returns Ms. Myers asks well Wushers to pray for her in the present Worn tantalach. She switched to be Ben Jellicle Christian in your mid-30s and began to write it in a five more with the Republicans in the Democrats The times reports today she joined the missions committee of her church Which supposedly galized abortion and one former political associate said that Ms. Myers told her she had been in favor Wohens writes out an abortion once she was younger But that her views hardened against the abortion once she became born again W is asking for a triple leap of faith. He has faith in Ms. Myers as his lawyer and his overwhelming shares his faith And more expected to have faith in his face and her faith and her faith and opinions that derived from her faith That could change the balance of the court and effect women's rights for the next generation That's a little bit too much faith isn't it This Oh You're the one who, my religion, and the faith, then you're streaming, and brings you a favor, and your life. I'm a religion standard that we are the people. I really better than yours. But we like about it best. I found the bookings and were addressed by religion standard and yours. Why religion standard? Why religion standard? Why religion standard? Why religion standard? We have no respect for women, driver cap to make them live in five religion standard and yours. If I were a religion standard and yours, I would be taking it. I'm a religion standard that we are the people of the world. And I would be grateful to you, my religion standard. What religion standard and yours are you? Why religion standard? Why religion standard? Why religion standard? Why religion standard? My religion is better than your religion. It's my religion's better than yours. We not endorse a father, you like older brushes, you are new, private religion's better than your words. But religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. We wear ties and wide our bikes and get to marry lives of wives, by religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We live in peace, we live in peace, we don't want to use our brains, we're mindless living our prayers, we're making better than yours. You're fair. 11,03,56, you've got to be happy Wednesday to give a classic example of the kind of religious crap that's taught. And then maybe just suck up to this stuff they love it. Remember the story over the weekend about that tourist vote that overturned and like George in the adorondance? Yes, of course. 47 old farts on that vote. 24 them died. 24 old farts died. Now they talked to a lot of the survivors. Some old bag would blasted you to see the story? No. And about how she was going to die and all the other crap. And she hung onto the boat and wanted to make a long story short she didn't die. So we went on the survivors. And she was on the other side of the other side of the story. And she was not a news network or not about how. And she thanked God for saving her life. And I thought to myself, do you have any idea? Of course, she doesn't. But if you have any idea into the people in the view and you have any idea. How obnoxious and unsheath is it is this existence that God decided to save you. Right. But not the 24 people who died. You miserable psychotic idiotic bitch. He didn't like them. I guess he didn't like them. Or maybe they just weren't saying the right prayers. Or maybe he just could, can't hear all them people talking at the same time. I don't know what they'll live in. Maybe they were the wrong religion. This goes on all the time. The crap that people say. Oh, he's in the better place now. He's up there like the, the, the jocs are really big for this. You know, some, some athletes will die. And then the game is going on. They'll say, oh, well, he's up there looking down on us now. Really proud of us. Oh, and so yeah. Well, he ain't up there. He's in a box somewhere. And it warms up probably. Oh, I already for crying. Oh, what is right. I do people. Great seats and have a lot of. I have to talk such crap 50 yard line. Oh, he's up there in that big broadcast booth in the sky. Yeah. It's got a space sky. My ass. I'm so worked up about the jackasses. They put on television. I like a bus. My TV, like in little pieces. So sick and tired. You may be a lunatics. You knew it. So called news people. You're maniacs. And I don't give a crap. What Josh courtesses about that work. They had their spaghetti. Chapski had his stomach right on him. And it's so that Howard Beal. Let's see, neutral negative Myers and positive 50 42 Roberts was 54. But it's, what do they know? They would know Harriet Myers from Oscar Myers from Chuck Meyer. Asked him in these stupid ass pools. And anyway, a substitute teacher in Clearmont Florida pulled out a student's insulin pump after mistaken for a cell phone. Clipped in Hassan told East Rich High School officials that his insulin pump began beeping in fast Friday. Kind of like. Like that. Okay. Before a catered off substitute teacher Richard Maline, the much Malined teacher, ripped it from his leg according to the written statement Hassan gave school officials yesterday. Hassan, a junior, is diabetic and wears the insulin pump to regulate his blood sugar level. And he can relate to that whole concept or her. Maline pulled a pump because he thought the beeping came from a cell phone said Russell Anderson executive director of human resources for Lake County school district. It felt that the floor Hassan wrote in his statement to school officials. The second honey pulled the cue and came out of my leg. How do you like that? He was yanked on his cue. Maline realized his mistake after he grabbed the pump Anderson said. And his statement Hassan said his blood sugar levels didn't return normal until after the weekend. Maline has been removed from his school district. Except to teach your pool. And now is much Maline. You've had Hassan put to the customs mother since he filed a complaint with Lake County Sheriff's Office to file charges against the line. You go and go honey to their ass. Two of their big fat of the ass of their fair amount. Where would it have led is? It must be up by Lakeland. I think in it. I don't know. It's up by Lakeland. It's up by all in mudwamps all in Traveller, trash, weapon and murder of the state. You know the deep south is so scary. It's so scary. I don't know what, what it's going to take to convince you people. And the deep south is so scary. In fact, I don't know if I'm ever going to give to it because it's way in. You see who's running for a governor in Alabama? Well, you told me this morning. House in Alabama chief justice Roy Moore, you know, the 10 commandments judge. Yeah. Oh, he is. Him and Franklin, uh, grandfather Graham, out of a loaf. Maybe condolese could go there with her gall pal. Maybe condolese could hang out with Harriet Myers. Would Harry? Hey. Ha ha ha. Well, I'll tell you one thing. They got a lot of comments. Yeah. He could be one of the richest justices on the court. Right. He is a handsome woman. Harry, how's it going, baby? Franklin Graham, let's take a look at the pool. We got 500 and some boats. It's a little on the week side today. I would say you're not up to your usual snuff. Well, it's because it's the second day worships you, Shana and Ramadan. Oh, man. I bet you we got a lot of people out there doing their Ramadan thing. They're like under flying into the arvots. How do you do around the time? I don't know. You kill some people. Five hundred and six. That's bad. You shouldn't be saying stuff like that. Yeah. They're a piece loving Muslims who don't kill people. Right. They're loving other types of people. That's true. Of course they are in Florida now. So, most people follow religion because of five hundred and six boats. Brainwashing 150, fear of death 136, weakness, need for a crutch 135. Lining to the long to a club 31, stupidity 31, lack of comments since 23. So, the last three categories, there are very, very weak. And the first three are like almost neck and neck. Nippin' Sides is an ostinose. He vanguless Franklin Graham said, I apologize to myself for taking the almost the whole show here and going on. But you know something I don't care. I feel compelled to spirit a Christ compels me to carry out with my homosexual agenda. Got my second favorite subject. What's that? The voters are religious. They look just the first one. Sex? Yeah. No. I thought it was drugs. You've been through the Franklin Graham said to his day that Hurricane Katrina could lead away spiritual rebirth of a sinful New Orleans. Oh, my God. This man, they're putting him on television just like Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell with his Purple Tinky Winky with that day. Purple Tinky Winky of course. Everybody is a court of Jerry and Pat Robertson. Every time there's something stormed. And so I want you to stop and think about this. Okay, and again, they don't ask him this business. Although, you know, Jonathan King asked him a couple of, you know, penetrating questions. They're yesterday, I'm certainly not news. But they don't ask him this question. In other words, your tongue is that God over a thousand people died there in the Gulf Coast. And that God was responsible for it. That he aimed at the same. It was that the storm was kind of like cruising out there in the Gulf. And then God decided to last me. And I thought a thing like that. You know, thought a thing. He stuck it to him because you didn't like the perversion. It's going on in there. And of course, you got those casinos there in Mississippi. That's right. Sure, as they were. They were still like right. Right side by each. They got one of them to be on the wall. I don't know what they're stories. All of a sudden they took their van to the wall. They just ain't never been the same no more. Or maybe it had to do with Judge Moore. Judge Moore. They might like him more as a governor. Evangelist Franklin Graham said Tuesday that hurricane Katrina could lead away spiritual Rebirth of a sinful New Orleans grand the son and doesn't make an idiot successor of the obnoxious Reverend Billy Graham said he doesn't believe that devastating storm was a punishment from God for what he Caesar's the city's ties to satanic worship and sexual perversion. I'm not saying that God used this term as a judgment Graham said, but he said the city's Marty Grau revolientized to Voodoo were a verse to Christ adverse to Christian beliefs. Tized to Voodoo. That's what I think he got confused with all that floating dodo in the water. Now forget about the Voodoo, the problem in New Orleans is the dodo. You idiot. You learn to kill. You're fairie. New Orleans has been known for years as a party. I guess he left key west out of this too. Remember the big blow they got to. Right? I'm surprised you didn't toss that in there too. They're sinful and gay. New Orleans has been known for years as a party town Graham said the telephone interview with the AP from his office in Boone, North Carolina. How about if he's ever seen the Boone in the box? I'm there by their office. It's just heavy really? Boone North Carolina? Oh, don't tell me that's close to where your place is. Damn close. Oh my god. Oh my god. What the AP miles from there? It's a city that has strong ties to the game lesbian movement and these types of things. Not boon but New Orleans. Unfortunately. On Monday, Graham delivered a similar message in an appearance in Lynchburg. There's been satanic worship. There's been sexual perversion. God has been a used at stronger bring revival. God has a plan. God has a purpose. And if I have to see any more dolphins being saved. You know, it's just, I don't know, they're wonderful animals and everything. But when you think that people come first before dolphins, hey, and a dog's maybe? Graham's comments reported by the news and advance of Lynchburg were made at Thomas Robbeth this church's super conference 2005 at Liberty University both the church university founded by the fact-based obnoxious reverberation of all well, who's dating gay, Tubby Tinky Tubby. The good news is that God loves sinners at Graham. He sent his prayed with clergy in the Orleans for deliverance. Oh, that's the word. All right. For deliverance from this dark spiritual cloud. And he sees signs of promises, churches, black and white work hand in hand to restore the city. That's the deliverance of all right. His Samaritan's personal organization is working in five communities and Mississippi Texas Louisiana including New Orleans. He said volunteers were distributing 200 trailer homes in Louisiana. The organization has been criticized for delivering gift bags to this place. Children include Christian tracks and a stuff land that plays Jesus. God's U.S.E. does. But this is part of a little more on the survey. I'd be a little more on the survey. I'd be a little more on the survey. I'd be a little more on the survey. And it made my blood curled in my blood borle and it pissed me off and fired me up. Quit putting crazy people on here and pretending that what they say makes any sense. They're so damn afraid of religion. All these TV people. You're peeing in your pants. Okay. Oh, we might offend somebody too bad. Somebody needs to be offended. Cindy, she has got to write. She don't care whether she picks on Republicans, Democrats, independence whoever it is. She's telling us like it is. You go, girl. Somebody might be offended about people are dying. While this insanity, all this hate is being spread. See, I'm on alert. Let's listen to a little twist on it. Madlin O'Hareline religion without hate is worth a damn. Forget about the hell. Religion without hate. Take your course for years now. It's been the facts. But it used to be the Jews and with some groups of the Muslims of course. Right. On Sunday, the world in historic St. Louis Cathedral held its first Sunday. Mass since the hurricane. And our expression of Alfred C. E. C. E. C. E. He was against the city where the world was a community. Well, we read that yesterday about the Catholic leader. We assure the congregation that God did not cause the hurricane. The country evil doers. So they were going to the riff between these born again. Lunatics and the Catholic lunatics. How do you like that? Yeah. Mamiex lunatics and you people continue going out of the flock. And of course, what kind of animal would we find in a flock? Sheep. You got it. Sheep. They're all goose stepping right in line. And not just behind bush, but behind what. Whatever their crazy made up, bubble mice's Jews you were happy to be. Whatever religious nonsense, whatever foolish, idiotic, you know rituals. Although I tell you what, the Catholics have got some good stuff. But not to be out there by the Jews with those ways and Mizzos and no, like we got some good crap and that's Sizzes and the Tafillan. The dominant and the dominant. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. That's the Muslims are doing a better job. And they got their flying magic cartel. What's a little ash compared to that? That's a very good one. Remember Persia? Sure. 1114 is five. What a mess of patamia. It on. You're just getting started. Gentlemen. Start your engines. Let me just start it so we can end it. I want to get started by the way. Let's go. Let's go. Are you ready to get started? Let's do it. Grab something and let's start. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. All right. Let's go. Good. Let's go. Let's get started. This is K-pop. Let's get this party started. Let's get going. Let's get started. Let's find another. Let's go. Let's go. Let's rock. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. People. Here we go. Let's go. You know, I'm all green cities. And call him on the party started. You know, I am. I'm low green. I made my bone when you were going out with cheerleader. I do like that. Hey, mold. Come to Florida, baby. You're a straight forward job. I just want those food to be. I'm in. I'm glad. Better than that. It also ain't. I do want to. We're the, uh, Translate small. There's somewhere to need it. It's just five translate. I was a brother with a god back owner. Light, like Schmendrick, you know, right? I mean, Schmendrick and Puts are close. And Schmage baking is right in the running tube. And we speak an as Schmage bake She called by U.S. president at least probably. Get a couple of calls here in the spruce coast. Because I know. If they hid the day we will get a wheel. Talking. Got us as Seraley right tacky I'm alone. Yeah, you play in that position. I love that the other day you play the drop from Jack Women, abitus chalk. Yeah. Well, that's when you watch him when you stole the property, those people who really don't. Right, nine board, right. By the Bobby, the sister just something like that. Correct? No, it's 100 white. Yeah, all people who sign anything were like, they're on the list of noon next day. They're just phony dead beats. They're in your own. They're almost all over my truck. You know, that was great. Thanks a lot, buddy. Okay, pal. He was easy. See, I told him, there was a guy and it was like, oh, not earth-shaking and was, uh, I had nothing to do with anything, but it was fun because we like Glenn Gary Glenn Ross a lot. If you want to see a good movie, go see a Glenn Hill. I mean Glenn Ross. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross, man. One of the best movies. Now did Josh see that one? Yeah, you don't remember. You recommended to me. I said it was good. And you actually liked it. Oh, good. God, there's hope after all. WQAM, hello. KOM. KOM. Hey, Neil, what's up? I don't pal. Hey, have you heard about the two guys in Boko? The chatty? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we, I just got to, I'm not interested. I don't care about the Jews in Boko at a busy shooting. It's the new deal in Florida and Jews are just as much entitled as shooting each other as the go. I'm okay. Leave him alone. Jesus have I heard about it? You're your right, man. You're just, it's just a hopeless situation. Yeah. I'm considering between the story about Kondalisa. I thought was pretty spectacular, but all these other very thoughtful things. I'm just partying into a windstorm, but you know something totally. I know. Partying into a windstorm. Aha. See, surprise. God, yeah. I know better than anybody. What a waste of time. It is doing all this stuff. But I enjoy farting into windstorm. Now, and then when the, when it comes back at you, when it came to like upwind from it, yeah. WQAM. Hello. Boring. WQAM. Hello. Hey, there's a door! WQAM. Hello. Hey, there's a door! Hey, there's a door! Okay, Tommy. Hey, we're looking forward to paying the opening night tonight. Yeah, good. Have a good time. WQAM. Hello. Good to see you. Yes, sir. How are you? Good. Hi. This is the all-time I just want to call and say, it becomes, it seems to be more parents every day why they used to feed the Christians to the lions. Mm-hmm. And that's about it. That's the only thing I miss when I go to a Roman. I go to the Eccala scene because I don't see them feeding any more Christians to the lions. And God only knows. We need a lot more lions in there, man. Maybe the Detroit lions could go over there. They sure can't win any football games. And Josh knows that. Great victory on Sunday. Very, very commendatory. WQAM. Hello. A for real. Yes, sir. It's so redundant what we're doing out in Iraq could just come back. The real enemy in Syria and Saudi Arabia. I don't understand what the hell is going on with other people. We're going with Syria and Pakistan. Syria. We're going with Syria and even Pakistan. We're all there kicking ass and always just keep getting coming. We're going to keep going. Keep going. We're going to be out in here. You're going to be out in here. You're battling lunatic. Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa. Man. When a gumbak class, that's cute. That would be a tough call. WQAM. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Two quick things. Okay. No matter what you know. The property. Godfather, we've got it. The board. Have you read it? No, I have not. Are you going to? No. It's good. Well, I'm happy. It's good. I love the godfather book. He better than the movie as much as I love the movie. But I just don't have that much time left in my life to be reading fiction. Okay. I'm sorry. It feels in all the missing parts. Yeah. Very good. Okay. How about Rome on HBO? I haven't seen it yet. Very good. You've got to see that. You've got to love it. Okay. Now, if you throw any Christians to lines on it. Oh, they do have a car. Excellent. I'll be taping it every day. Yeah. Watch that. You've got to love it. Okay. Thanks, pal. This weekend they have all three episodes. And one shot. They'll see it. You'll get a right for the game. I'll pee for you. Do your best. Okay. Sorry. Good. It is a very good series. I saw the most difficult. It could be a very nice one. I got to try it. Well, written. Good pacing. Good therapy. My schmots. Oh, every episode. Usually from the godfather. It is schmots. I mean, just well from the cinema. Of the Chinese saying. Of the Chinese saying. Of course, if you growl, and of course, you're probably going to mind up in hell. That's what the, um, everything gets you there. All roads lead to hell. Here's the fact that this is, I definitely voted for stupid amounts of prizes. It's not leading the voting for stupid for most of it. Impossibly, rather, blame somebody else. Only stupid people can be brainwashed. No, no, no, that's not true. Because when you're a kid, it's not a question. You're stupid. It's question not knowing anything. And when a, when a hammered in your head over and over and over and over again, and all the rituals and crossing yourself and the beads and the, yeah, by the head gear and all the other craft and most people just like those madrases. Right. Man, I'm telling you that that's just like the Catholic church. Like I said, and that which movie was it? It was the one with the next name and what's his name? And then I've like, oh, then I got it right on the tip of my tongue. Yeah. With George Carlin. Oh, Dougma. He said, you know, get him while they're young and I've always been one of the Catholic church. I never knew what they wanted to believe. Not what makes sense, but what makes them feel good. Yeah, but when it's, but when you've been brainwashed in the time of your, you know, all of the time you're leaving know what the day it is. Don't know what you're saying. It's not easy and easy. So instead of the programming, all these so-called cults, the program, all of the people that have been brainwashed in these ass-in-iron religions, which is all of the above, all of these things. Except for the ones that have evidence to support their stupidity. Oh, yeah. You mean like the shroud of true, in for example? Yeah. Only stupid people can be brainwashed or need to crash one of the long-dewired club or devoted common sense or after you're done. They can't think, well, that's another good one for. Well, lack of common sense is that the same as they can't think for themselves. I don't know. Oh, well, in that case, stupid freaking people it says, whoever sent this, I would say. That's so ridiculous. P.S. Harriet might just be that's Harry, do you, sir? Might just be a tough step for whatever religious conversion thing. Maybe she's Bush's life's been drinking, but I'd just say that yesterday. That's what it is. That's what it is. That seems to be the long with these weak will-runmen, much better than the neo-boys. With the bags under eye, she can get a Samsonite endorsement contract. Oh. Oh. He's right. He was a cheerleader, you know, he's got to write that bust with the- You only first, I can think of with bigger bags is Maria Bartowromo on the gambling channel. I think we'll talk to Rome, though. Even at publics, you never saw bags that size. No. Harry and Earth Miami, all I wanted that's Harry, the new Supreme Court just is. Harry Myers, Harryette. Can we have because of true belief or something like that? Oh. Because of the true belief. Well, what does that mean true belief? He, in other words, it says, all the other options, they're so negative. Even though my vote and my belief religion is resolved of brainwashing by my parents growing up. Let's move that on there. I don't really get a kick out of that one. Nice going, Harry. You go boy. Girl, whatever you are. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. Hello. I'm the general manager of this radio station. And today is Russia, Shana, the Jewish New Year. It is never to celebrate religious views. It's not to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths. We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year. All the before we hear him, another bombing in Iraq. Just another one. Why don't you ever read any of the good news from Iraq? Okay. This is... This is... This is... Hey! Hey! That's it! Go home! Okay. I know read it, Open Go Go Go! I'mwright One. Hey, You Great. Yes! What's the gelatin scene? Was this meant hit on the screen? So ?? Yeah! LOL Was NOT a part that passengers go Diving before the Safans meeting, He chewed me. That's what I'm talking about. Why not? Why not? Just kind of fun. You're not to love me. Just to get out of my mouth. You're not to love me. You can't. We got to go into my company. We need them from side to side. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. We're not to love me. When I'm alone from my embrace, When I'm alone with each other, I met myhearted preachers, But I'm confessing, For how long would ever I do. Will you for give me? Oh, that's how I speak in time. But I become mad at myself at it. But I've picked me up early, But I've happened to moth night, But I've planned across like havoc. So I keep other people along the way. But I've always been Dude at night. So I keep half of them as her shar ta down. For fuckin' many more times. Okay, I got the little bit of the floor. Leave it to me. They really believe in fairy tales. Okay. See, that's for the real believers. No, no, no, that's still in kind. They run ebullet. I don't want to do that one. Because why would I want to be kind about such nonsense? So I just think in service. You should put on a living crap. Because we're not a man. We'll even get it recorded time. We're living a living bloodshed killing intolerance hate. Hate, get the girl who'll hate mongers out, man. Oh, but we're love. We're compassionate, conservative. We just hate everybody who don't think like us. Which is most everybody. You know, we, we take that thing down, which I think we did, which, I don't know, who gave that order. Don't ever give an order like that again. What, Connie? That, uh, from the mirror UK, I think it's gone. I had bush here, well, how can, uh, somebody meeting, uh, American, be so dumb? Is that, is that still on there? Huh? Gone. Right now. I don't see it 100 years. Well, I, you know, be said, be the guy that's, uh, doing the number on his, uh, motorcycle, uh, on his thing. Uh, we don't need that. There's a lot of stuff on there. We don't need it. Including that stupid ass first Baptist church phony, uh, phony mark keeping. There's plenty of stuff on there that's, uh, the, the chimpanzees stuff. We need that. But did I say, don't ever take that off of there? Yeah. Did I say that? I thought I heard that. Yeah. Well, don't whoever gave that order don't ever give an order like that again. And I don't know if her still has that. If we have the ability to get that backup on there. But that, I might say that was, that was the deal. Let's suppose to stay on there as long as the website is up. That thing is going to stay up. How do you like that? All right. Let me see if I can find it. And if not, I'm sure. It doesn't matter. If we have all these bloggers now, but I'm thinking, is that even after I'm not doing the show anymore until they stick my ass in a box if I survive that long, I'm still, I think we still maintain the website. Okay. How do you like that? All right. Josh can make a few extra bucks on it. He won't be involved. And whoever you like, uh, he'll be like up there in ESPN somewhere with, uh, boot shambi. And you know something, I have to admit you were right. I was wrong. Okay. About booze. About booze. What do you mean? He's got his got national exposure now on ESPN. He's all over the place. He's on nationwide TV. Uh, and everybody's raving about how good he's doing, and which he is. He's an excellent play by play guy. The only thing I, you know, everybody can be criticized. I don't like the way he says kicks and throws. I mean, it's okay to do that like once every like five innings or somebody. Kick and throws. We don't want to hear that every pitch boo gets a little pond. We're so kicks and throw. But nevertheless, nobody's perfect. He's working on it. He's excellent. Yes. Yes. And he's, you know, especially getting out of the market with an organization because, uh, with a track record, they got to what they've done with their broadcast. You know, what's going on there? He's, he's way ahead of the game. So you were right. I was wrong. See, it takes a big fat old queen like me to admit being wrong. I'm going to write that down. Right. Mark it on your sleeve. Okay. Put it right on your wrist. They're like in Momento. And do you see Momento? I have it. Yeah. From the beginning or the end. Both. Oh, let's talk about those Easter eggs. Show me. And we're not talking about the kind you roll on the White House lawn either. Okay. You smarty pants. We're talking about Easter eggs on your CDs and DVDs and DVDs. They're going to have Easter eggs on your DVDs. Uh, yeah. Vorsch Military Bird for the role stand. This man can't do anything right. He may not be good, but at least he's consistent. I book our red. Okay. We're going to put that under. They really believe in fairy tales. Is that going on the pool? I think he should put on there because God is real you. He did this. No, no. I just got to tell you what is going to be on there. He's smarty pants. They really believe in fairy tales. That's what I want on the pool. Okay. Now, I think I'm losing control of the ship. Okay. Captain. I feel like a hungry bober. Does it keep nine muting? Sure. Oh, so I think Francis, oh, here. Oh, it's you. He was a good looking guy. He's dead. I know. They're all talking about. Yeah. He was the star of the movie. He was the central character. Was it Francis, oh, here? Fran. He's driving on the eighth race that he's all parked tonight. Get out of here. Francis, oh, here. My ass. Let's get that on there. They really believe in fairy tales. What happened? One for the gym. Okay. Can I get to Bush and the a bird flu? No. He's probably as for the birds. I thought my US president and George W. Bush were Congress to give him the power to use the military and law enforcement roles in the event of bird flu pandemic has been criticised as akin to introducing Marshall law, land of the free my ass, free speech my ass. Bush said aggressive action would be needed to prevent a potentially disastrous US outbreak of a disease that sweeping through Asian poultry, a reverse-resteer commutate to pass between humans. Such a deadly event will raise difficult questions such as how to quarantine might be enforced in President said. I'm concerned about what an avion flew off record mean for the US and the world. He told reporters during a roseguard news conference on Tuesday yesterday. One option is the use of military that's able to plan and move he said. So that's why I put it on the table. I think it's an important debate for Congress to have. A military, bring out the militia. Baby, let's have Marshall law. The positive comatata sack of 1878 bans the military from participating in police activity on US soil. But Dr. Irwin Redlender, the Associate Dean of Columbia University's mailman's school of public health and director of its national Center for disaster preparedness, told the AP the President's suggestion was dangerous. Dangerous, and of course the president is dangerous. Just like all the neocons have religious nuts around him, they're all at least one thing they have in common. They're all dangerous. The military law enforcement role being extraordinarily draconian, as though it would be on us the Syrian definition of built the capability for rapid vaccine production, and sure large supply of anti-viral's like Tamaflu and not allowed the degradation of the public health system. The translation of this is Marshall law in the USA Redlender said. And Gene Healy, you're not to have to use to be disjuck in W.I.L.S. and Lansing. Gene Healy, a senior editor at the Conservative Keto Institute said bushwood risk undermining a fundamental principle of American law by tinkering with the act, which does not hinder the military's ability to respond to a crisis. What it does is set a high bar for the use of federal troops in a policing rule he wrote in a commentary on the group's website. That reflects America's traditional distrust of using standing armies to enforce order at home. A distrust that is well justified. How do you like that? This coming from the Conservative Keto Institute, A. Healy said soldiers are not trained as police officers, and putting them in a civilian law enforcement rule can result in serious collateral damage to American life and liberty, especially in Florida. You know, you have target practice. You don't want to write, because it doesn't the law says not that doesn't count at its police, but what about military? Please, then go back into O.J. for example. What's the important target practice today? People who catch the worst strain of avion, fluked and diaviral pneumonia in a queue respiratory distress according to Mayoclinic.com. The disease is called 10 dimensions of birds in Asia. Last week, the UN's Health Agency, the W.A. Cho sought to ease peers that the disease could kill as many as 150 million people worldwide. We're not going to know how lethal the lifespanemic is going to be until the pandemic begins. W.A. Cho influenza spokesman Dick Thompson said according to A.N.P. The consequences of an outbreak in the U.S. need to be addressed before catastrophe strikes both said. The president said he saw things differently than he did his governor of Texas. I didn't want the president tell me how to be the commander and chief of the Texas guard he said. But Congress needs to take a look at circumstances that may need to invest the capacity of the president to move beyond that debate. And one such catastrophe or one such challenge could be an avion flu outbreak, or too many people drinking avion water. Should avion flu mutating gainability, just pretty easily from human to human. World leaders and scientists would need rapid access to accurate information to be able to stomach spread he said. We need to know and a real-time basis the fact so the world scientific community can analyze the facts he said. I take this issue very seriously, Boise, that I'm not predicting outbreak, but just existing we ought to be thinking about it and we are. Oh my God. Wow. There are going to be huge step and pretty showman. You know something I'm starting to realize that you see, you know, people that are gone, that's who think that you're guns even your AK-47s. You use these, you whole arsenal of all your weapons and your, you know, pipe bombs, whatever else you got laid around the garage. Good answer. Your hand grenade. That's going to be safe on a tank scum rollin'. I got news for you, okay? Ain't going to happen. You won't be saying tanks a lot when at this start's happening. 612 votes. They really believe in fairy tales. It's already got a big one. This is a new rock. You're supposed to be this. This is 5168. Shuali would celebrity music biography profile story. He ruled the rock air waves for almost a decade. And a little bastard isn't even from this country. He was Brian Adams. Thanks. Welcome to Inside the Behind, Brian. See you about. What? Say about. A vote? Isn't that darling? Now say cow. Cow? Oh. I thought I worked the same way in all the house sounds. You thought I was going to say cow instead of cow? Maybe. Look. I'm a member of the Order of Canada. The Order of British Columbia. And I was added to Canada's walk of fame in 1990. This is Inside the Behind, reporting live from Canada's block long walk of fame. Where Brian Adams shares sidewalk space with the likes of some 41. Rick Maranas and Celine Dion. What'd be ding? Oh, oh yeah. What about Pamela Anderson? What about her? It's just her name and some cement. It's not like you can look at her jugs. I've had a boot enough of this. A boot? He said a boot. You were right. He is darling. I! Stop! Brian Adams. Canadian. Isn't that adorable? It's a big juicy shopping window. Look at showlessness. Tonight. On Inside the Behind. Can't wait. Here's a fast from Jonathan and Plantation says. People turn to religion to try to make a men's role. We'd be bad crap. They pull one and we're younger. And not she'll guilt. Have a great day. Keep up the good works. There's Jonathan and Plantation. You want to put guilt on her? Sure. What about guilt? I feel guilty if we didn't. All bad news from Iraq while you're putting guilt on the pool. We got 629 votes. We're not going to get to our 700 by noon. Josh. And that's it. He's at very high. I guess we'll. We'll even on a roll. Yeah, we've been rolling it. And George has been smoking it. Yeah. 629 votes. Only one for they really believe in furry tales. And of course the religion is to other. Oh my god. And we'll surprise the Bush administration. The Nazi regime has said that the Regents that assisted suicide. The Supreme Court is going to take assisted suicide. They're right to die. Think of her hand. What is surprised in the book? Choose life. Choose like. Kill a bunch of Iraqi and sacrifice a bunch of our soldiers. Which choose life. And in Florida, you've had that governor say. Go some people away if they looked dangerous to you. But other than that, choose life. Here's the bad news. Well, it's just more the same. You know. A suicide bomber killed 13 people. 40 outside of Moscow and he'll sell the bag dead today. And she had worshipers again. We've been for the start of the holy month of Ramadan. Ramadan. Oops. So there you go again. Yeah, we put guilt on there. That might take us to the more choices we put on. We're about chance we got for a thousand votes today. Otherwise, I think the choices are slim and next to none. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. We've been through this many a time. I think there was one day we had like 800 votes by no. Wasn't there? I forget what it was. I think real popular like you still hate the Cubans as much as you used to. Something like that. Probably. Well, anything has to do with hate in South Florida goes over a very, very big. That's the, uh, neck of our way and somebody else. That's what he was. Really? Oh, that's what they hate. Well, at least one thing they ought to be happy about is that the dark folk said to be happy that they take the heat off of them and, uh, oh, they heat to these things. It's a green point. I should probably take a couple of calls in your, in my, I think you should. Why? Oh, because if you don't like my pile of the name, I love your pile and you know I do, but I don't think that you'll be able to have been spectacular. These people have been ringing the phone forever. They must have some loud, really big. Give it a 2 a m. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I know. I've seen the fuck over the Miami Hill that shows a Dominican girl who's now Islamic. Well, before that, we got that story coming up about more and more Hispanic women are going to, uh, uh, a Muslim. Yeah. If all of a, uh, a president of enough. But, uh, if all of a point is out is that she's just a nutcase no matter where she is seven days and it's all a Muslim. Well, at least she's consistently. Okay. She's got a lot of them. By the way, yeah, more Hispanic women can bring to Islam. I got to say if I get to it, it's in my pile. So they can have more rights, I guess. Yeah, that's right. Of course, they can't drive. Now, I wonder if Muslims, uh, Muslim women in America, if they can drive. Well, it's not illegal. No, no, it's not. No, no, it's not. I knew it was. It's illegal or not. I'm talking about within their religion. That's an interesting question because I can Saudi Arabia. Uh, women can't drive. It's illegal. That's not the point. It's because there were religious, uh, fanaticism. The Saudis and then the Pakeys, baby. I don't know. We're going to get in there and then clean house. It's a rack stuff. Just a divergent and perversion and wasted time in life. Let's go in there and get the real evil doors. Okay. Although, of course, the Saudis have a bit better. They bush been lawed in business, I guess. It would be really, really bad for the Carlisle group. Line 9, WQA and hello. God, I'm doing this. Okay. I'm not line 9's my favorite. QA and hello. How does it wear in a major market? We've had one. We have probably the worst announcers in all of sports in one mark. Now, Carl, one of the sports shows and talk to them about it. Okay. I couldn't give a crap less to you, God. What are we talking about? Probably like, uh, guilty. Take it a shot of Kelly. He hasn't even called it. First, can you? I give a break where you all even say that. Maybe he's talking about Dave and boring. Maybe he's talking about rocksy. I don't think so. He's got to point it out. I mean, what does that have to do with the price of peanuts? So, who cares? Hey, look what I just got off the tax machine. What's that? Fifth of the day, man, 79 guns don't sell a worst of a row. It's not a synagogue. Oh, if you people think I'm going to waste my time with Jews shooting Jews, you know? It's just an F already. Okay. You're not happy when they're shooting the Palestinians who have their like rocks and stones and pebbles. That's not good enough for us, you know? But on Russia, we got to talk about crazy old Jews in Volkish, you need to look. It's more than maybe, okay? There's some right now, only the New Year, but the New Law, I said. Why don't you kill me? Hello. Hi, Neil, how are you? Yes, sir. First of all, I'd like to respond to that more on. He said we should invade Syria. Yeah. I mean, how in the world can a small, weak, secular Arab country be a threat to the United States? Yeah. They're not the ones promoting fundamentalism. Like a grenade, for example. Yeah, yeah, another big threat to the country. Like last Malvina's for the Bretsman, the Foccalan Islands, a better health amount. Panama. Another coalition going. Yeah, but I mean, you know, we know what his agenda was. It wasn't stopping fundamentalism. It's something else. Yeah. But have a, have a, have a difficult, though, the world's most obnoxious religious leader. We need to do that before. I don't think so. Well, maybe something like that, but I think that sounds really good. But like the last year. Yeah. Yeah, tomorrow. Now, Benny, hand the pulp. Wait, Benny, hand those in the religious leader. Well, yeah, you're a figure. We're leading to the whatever. We're leading to the leader. Yeah, what about it? Rob is from good all well. Religious figure. We've done the break. We've never do too often. Dally Lama. Dally, a part in. Okay, thanks a lot. Because I think we're part in our company right now. 560, pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line. We got mobile Howard and mobile Howard David and two. We got mad dog at four from the Bank Atlantic, the anti-center at the hockey thing. 4 to 630, pants and previous six 30, a lot of trashes at the Panthers. It's not only for us, I'm going to see them. But the first game in like a year and a half. 7 o'clock tonight. Eddie K follows the hockey game. The frothy game. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, go on for a poll. Yes, sir. I hate the Cuban. Hey. What a surprise. Come in to QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Maybe a wife. There's a barrisque continue to in the business of the country. Can't they see that brief hit? Yeah. Maybe they're making a big hit. They're making a big hit. They're making a big hit. I thought they were going to be used to blow their crap away. Okay. Okay. Again back to my important pile here since you're so impressed by these calls. Hey. Wouldn't it work? Oh, by the way, line nine. I think we have a communication problem, huh? Well, once I remember getting some brief calls from out of town on there. But obviously it's the same a turd burger on there all day today. So why would you? Why would you want me to waste my time with that? Swill. Would I crack? Oh, you know me. 6502 votes. We got a shot at being close to 700 by noon. Maybe we will get right under verge of 1000. Then if we get close to it, of course, we know our crowd will put us over the top. Won't think? No. Oh, that's because all of her. I think our lost contact with the South Florida audience finally left, guys. I said about Eric Clapton's kid flying out the window many years ago. This is it, New York. You're finally done. You've gone over the line. You're making fun of other people's religion. Oh, what a concept. I'm making fun of everybody's religion because it needs to stop. Believe what you want. Believe everybody alone. Any religion that has to do with intolerance and hate. Then it's something I want to be involved with. Okay. And you go back to all the good books. How can it be the good book when it's talking about everybody killing each other? And God's telling us, make sure you get all your enemies and my rats, your backside and he, kids, where I just obedient to their parents, you'll surely be stolen to death. You know, like that bit we got the guy that you see. You're going to get stolen. You know, all the Middle Eastern religions have that in all that crap. All the same old mumbo jumbo gumbo. What a how jumbo is coming by the way, no means. You know what Franklin Tangborn? I mean, Franklin Graham says. Yeah. And when a when Jonathan King told him at the first businesses that were reopening a lot of more the strip clubs, I thought his eyeballs were going to pop right out of his sock. I thought he was going to sock it. Man. Supreme Court nominee Harry and Myers is personally opposed to abortion or longtime companion. Her longtime companion said, you know, if that would have. Yeah. When I first saw this story, I thought to myself, oh no. All the best story where they call her Harry and she was curing brush with bush. She was curing. Oops. The bush. Back in the. Yeah. Okay. With a brush. Well, they have those. All right. Supreme Court nominee Harry and Myers is personally opposed to abortion or longtime companion said to the dividend he had. That doesn't mean she'll vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. Yes, you will. Of course you will. There's no doubt. Nathan L. Hecht. Texas Supreme Court just has been a closed companion of Myers since they first worked together in the last six years. Hecht has been a closed companion of his law firm 30 years ago. But third man. His comments are the greatest indication today that Myers view on abortion, which as with other issues, she would likely face some high court is unknown. No, it's not. Hecht is known as the most conservative member of the conservative Texas Supreme Court. He's sort of the Scalia of that court. Smart aggressive and very conservative. So the University of Texas law professor Douglas L. Hecht, a vocal opponent of the abortion rights said in an interview yesterday that Myers shared his views. The two attend the evangelical value of you Christian church near Dallas, where they were, and he's a little bit of an excuse among other fundamentalist lunatic things. Excuse. But when it is. That's a. Sorry. Harry goes to a church that is pro life. She has for 25 years. He says she gives them a lot of money. Her personal views lie in that direction. In other words, I think the word he's looking for is far bison. But when asked if her personal opposition to abortion would give her sufficient cost to overturn the Supreme Court's abortion press in Hecht said, I think she'll say they won't see that. Yeah. He's right. I think she'll say they won't. Myers didn't record as a lot of many conservative activists who, who she won't be the unwavering voice on the right that they won on the high court. But hecht's comments and abortion are among several pieces of evidence that it persuaded many other conservatives to support the president's nominee. Harry. I encourage people to connect the dots to J. secular, the anxious, self-hating chief counsel for the so-called American Center for Law and Justice. Hecht is a pro life conservative so we take a lot of comfort from that. He said, Myers gave a hundred fifty bucks to Texans United for life in the exploited woman's first investigation in William O'Donnell just in the Constitution of Blair Jo street. was surprised to learn for candidate was opposed to abortion rights. Lourley Bartos says, I wanted to meet her to meet with a group of pro-choice women and she said she wasn't pro-choice, she said she has been pro-choice but now has changed her view. Moreover, a second-of-the-note abortion is vouched for her. She shares the presence judicial philosophy. Oh my God. What did she say? And that should be enough for everybody to get everywhere like peeing in their pants. This is New Roger's. This is by 1628. This is at home, Lancer-Gurity Tom Ridge, inviting you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Oh my God. Oh my God. I changed it over with that view, except that it's you. You just got a lot of noise to talk about me that way. I don't see a crack or a badberry mess that's saying. Just be once that's what things are going to do. I'll have you know. I know what I'm talking about. I'm recording at the condo. I can't see elevated down. And on my way to the condo, I told my phone in bass and outs. I gave a free condo. Think about it. Oh my God. The noise of back and towel. The noise of back and towel. The noise of back and towel. The noise of back and towel. The noise of back and towel. The noise of back and towel. I got a lot of you spoiled whole food. I know everything is going on in that room. Why I even know all of them are John Rolls. I think they're giant. Got your own food. I just don't want to talk to the eyes. Because I don't know when I take you place. I know I ain't no one's clearly need. But when they drop my voice, we'll change. You know what those movies are like. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. You can play. I'm definitely thinking Tab 5 of all time right here. It could be wrong, but I'm thinking that it brings it here. Aren't you thinking that usually? Six hundred eighty three votes on a poll. So far, some of it came fairly close to seven hundred by the top there. We will not get to a thousand of it because you already. It's just kind of probably because a lot of our audience are like celebrating Ramadan today. Most people follow religion because of brainwashing 200 of you said, Fear of death 185 weakness and need for a crutch. One seventy eight. Cuts your crutch. Stupidity 43. Let's start to make a little move. Why would we go on to a club 40? Lack of common sense 28. They really believe in fairy tales five and go for. Giltas is a making a quick move now. How is it Catholic or Jewish guild? No, that's always had to think debate about church. Which is the greater guilt trip. The Catholic Church liaison or the Jews lay on your guilt. They should fight it out. They're ain't nothing. Oh, they already have a centri, isn't case you have a notice. Matthew Rothschild in the progressive rights of, and this is the promise to the last story about Harriet Harry. Harriet. A crony for the court. But I think there are a few people out there like to find a little bit more about this, uh, Nazi bitch. I mean, this is a wonderful young lady. Old lady, right? After coming under with a criticism for crony is in bushter and surrounded a point a crony in the Supreme Court. Other than being a successful corporate lawyer in Texas, oh, and don't forget she served once her on the Valeciti Council bush boasted. The only qualification that Harriet Myers had is that she's written the W wave. She's been inside the sanctum sanctour and for quite a while now. She was Bush's personal lawyer in Texas. She worked as counsel for his 94 governor, Terrell campaign. When he won, he appointed her to have had a lot of recognition. She also proved indispensable and carrying out a delicate assignment in 98 according to the Philadelphia Daily News. During Bush's reelection campaign for governor, she was put in charge of discussing rumors about Bush's dubious National Guard service. His campaign actually paid Myers. $19,000 to run an internal preemptive probal potential scandal. When Bush became prison, he made her a staff secretary at the White House. Then deputy chief of staff in White House counsel. But that doesn't mean she's got to trap for the highest court in the land. Even the National Review Online acknowledged her lack of qualifications for the job. Being a Bush lawyer, less than friend, is not a qualification for the Supreme Court. Instead of Terrell says, she may have been the best pick from within Bush's inner circle. It seems impossible to maintain that she was the best pick from any larger field. Less than a year ago, Myers's deputy chief of staff was handling the Incipant Asked the White House interactive forum. On October 29, 2004, just five days before the election, Myers showed for Bush. Here's part of that transcript. James from Mountain View, California, writes, Are we better off now than we were four years ago? Harriet Myers. Thanks, James. This is a very good question. I'm pleased to give you my views. The president's optimism in faith in the work and people in our economy helped inspire irrevocable recovery. The president responded swiftly to the attacks in 9-11. Additionally, with victories in Afghanistan and the top thing in the side of him who's seen in Iraq and other efforts around the world, we are promoting freedom and democracy. So James, as you can tell, I think we're much better off than we were four years ago. Billy from Bethel, Connecticut, writes, Hi, would like to say that Bush has the right idea about the No Child Left Behind program. Now, celebrating its second year for the first time, children in the grades three through eight will be tested with reading and math tests to figure out their abilities to work with such subjects. Great job and keep up the good work, Billy. Harriet Myers. Hi, Billy, and good next question. Your comments about the No Child Left Behind Act mirror what we've seen around the nation. The president's education reforms are working. And on and on, including emails from people, President's record providing veterans benefits, securing the nation and boosting the economy. One said the current numbers look fantastic. They must have been talking about that tree turning in dollar debt. Right. She concluded the session. I appreciate all those who write it wrote in today and for you being with us also. Hearing from Americans across the country is inspiring and interesting, I hope everyone has a great weekend. Don't forget to be set your class Saturday night. That's hardly the stuff based between court justice, but you can bet that she'll be a down-the-line conservative on social issues. One, include dates back to 1993 when Myers has president of the Texas bar. Try to get the American Bar Association. We consider its pro-abortion rights, stances, and gear and a AP reports. Another clue, she served on the board of directors of prison Exodus ministries in Dallas, which described itself as a place where ex-offenders learn how faith and Christ is the first step from captivity to freedom, to keep him to freedom. So she was involved in everything. Ex-prisoned, ex-GAY, ex-United. And even Bethos Shield told the corporate line, she's represented Microsoft, Walt Disney, and Sun Guard. She spoke in the conferences of the American Tour Reform Association. The business group has film-only prime movers against anti-corporate lawsuits. And she was a trustee of the South-Wester Legal Foundation, which is now the Center for American Immortality Law. The Center appears to be in the pocket of Big Oil. And Vice-Beboard members on its Institute for Energy Law include several ex-on-mobile executives, and as well as representatives of Emerata Hasse, BP, Chevron, Conoco Phillips, Mont-Merethon, Austin, and L. Schellen, Texas. According to the group, ex-sonsequits.org, the Center for American Immortality Laws received the $177,000 plus for Maxxon-Mobile since 98. And like Roberts before, her, she comes out of the executive branch, and justices with such a pedigree tend to lick the feet of the president from the bench. Oh, what a concept. That's especially disturbing. Now, as Bush acts as though there's no check on his warmaking powers. As White House counsel, Myers must have had a hand in the lay in the legal process, the Supreme Court is ordered for Guantanamo, and continuing to insist on the legality of rounding up U.S. citizens like Jose Padilla. She's a colony through and through with no experience whatsoever on the bench and no legal scholarship. If she's approved by the Senate, she will tilt the bench decisively for the executive branch, whose aggrandizement has been the singular mission of dictanies. And an administration intent on accumulating executive power, Ms. Myers views on and role in these issues, which is important for the Senate of Examine, since Senator Patrick Lehi, Democratic Vermont. It's important that I weather she would enter this key post of the judicial independence necessary when the Supreme Court considers issues of interest of the administration. But Bush didn't nominate her for such judicial independence. He nominate her to be his and the executives dependent for life. Well said there, I'm asking you, Rochau. I like dependent for life. So all you people out there that are oblivious to this, here's a facts from somebody. So please let Bokebry know that he could make a fortune, selling the doors of back in time as a single. I smell Grammi, so you're somebody. Was that a demon I smell Grammi? Oh, man, must be the tochies, that tocham. Tiam on it. Well, there he goes. There's some 103 votes at 12.09. That's not bad. We got a little outside shot on you, then. We're smarter. We got no side shot. Everybody does. Right. Forters. Here we go. That's here. Come out. I look conservative. Bradley, so. Are you a moron? I book our, wow. Come on, George, are you moron? That's a moron. Well, we know that. Tell us something we didn't know. Iraq seems to you and on referendum finger, they start going so well over there. They run a verge of another major, uh, psychotic episode politically. This is a psychomolic killing, of course. Iraq's national assembly back down today from controversial and possibly illegal plans to change the county method for next week's referendum. After a brief debate, public systems voted 119 to 28 to restore the original rules for the referendum. After UN lawyers warned Iraqi leaders that the last minute changes fell short of international standards. The referendum due to be held October 15 will decide whether to accept the draft constitution, which is backed by the shea and curb majority. They soon remind nobody generally oppose the current proposals and have been trying to get in sufficient to foretad them rejected. Under the original election rules, if two thirds of voters in three of Iraq's 18 provinces vote against the referendum, would have to be rewritten. In order to make sure victory curds in she is, change the electrolaw over the weekend, so that's such a veto. Would regard two thirds of the registered voters in those three provinces, rather than just two thirds of those who vote. They also rule that for the constitution of pass, only two thirds of those who vote, rather than those who are registered would be sufficient. That caused serious uproar among Sunni's and yesterday when race concerns about its legality. We've expressed our position to the national assembly and leadership of the government until then that the decision that was taken was not acceptable, and would not meet international standards at Jose Aranya's that you win League of Lysport. Today's parliamentary vote restores the original rules. The US and Britain, Hovo Majority, Yes vote in the referendum or unite UN Iraq's disparate factions, and it was a support for the country's insurgency allowing them to eventually begin withdrawing foreign troops. Right, you're mama, we have a child in Stance and a Hayme's baby, your dream and can you say civil war, civil war, that's what's going on. 711 votes on the poll, all those vote will do all these badmires, he's in the worst part of it, he's doing it right on these important religious holidays, talk about this disrespectful nasty, faggy, he's passed it on a radio, shame on you, shame on you if you're still like supporting all this insanity. All the killing and the bloodshed and hate, hate baby, hate, H-A-T-E. Jesse Jackson writes, I'm not gonna act better to the break, not long, you don't want to cut Jesse. You've got so much stuff, I got so much stuff, Roy Moore, got to run for Governor Alabama, Roy Moore with a bandjuvenant knee. Let me tell you again, the deep south is still dangerous, Vancouver is the best city living in the world, so they say more Hispanic women can bring to Islam, son and and bond mother buried together, kind of like a Norman Beats. Washington School's dance and explicit dances, I just thought I would tease all the Venice M. 85, historic toilet to cost 24 grand, 34 grand for a toilet, well, nice isn't it? I remember Johnny Jones and the Golden Plumbing Pictures, remember Johnny Jones is an years ago at the school board, remember him? Yes, I do, wow, yeah, you're probably the only ones, probably. These people don't know Johnny Jones from Jenny Jones, those big and Jenny Jones, how's her city doing man? She's still bouncing around on the wall, she's apparently thinner now, but still, Dits. I'm telling you, the dress that she's wearing is 16 sizes too small. They put her into it with a shoehorn and then they have her bouncing around on it, big, it looks like a thing from the prisoner, what do they call it, or the or the roger roger? The big bouncing ball, that's probably in cursties, in case she's with a sign-touch, this is probably one of the few balls she's ever seen. It's a troubled past known at 5.16. If you have sick or dying palm trees, your palm trees, they know it's good as you think they should. The palm tree doctor can help you. Palm tree doctor with soft lotus leading palm expert and they specialize in saving sick and dying palm trees. In most cases, palm tree doctor can save your sick palms at a fraction of the replacement cost, and don't forget, no job is too big or too small for these folks. Palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well as property management companies, home owners associations and city governments too. Visit their website, palm treedoctor.com for more information including before and after pictures and references as well. You can even make an appointment online. Don't forget that you have sick or dying palms, the only company you want to think about call is the palm tree doctor, soft lotus original palm specialists. Call today, 1-866-9463600. Nationally a roger, show a good day, 30-hour credit. Not 30 minutes. Off your initial visit. Call palm tree doctor today and 1-866-9463600 or get more information online at palm tree doctor's. That's 1-866-9463600 for palm tree doctor when you really want results. This is meal rogers. This is 5-16-18-866. Please, is your box matching rules of this? Who's on's rule? Good evening. The White House and House today that the Center Station's part of open-to-all registered Emirates to be processed for a program work at Versailles-Mansip. This has been approved by our father, Koyn, the leader in understanding that many Democrats were human, mock, and are brave like rats. Another victim of our president Bush in his war against terrorism, Pile Bush. In the night decided to gross that new law, the law, the Supreme Court rule today that all home computer and act are ready to be taken to all the part of information. The big conference gate, Dazzin, or listening to other than a room late night, and us now the night on my tower, Ate. But my lawyers will be very similar to just as those of the teams. All zero time, they seem more tapped than risen, right? We've been with that press conference debate, up our way. I must be miscended. I all graced as must be removed. Additionally, in a room even a night need of action, will we be taken with Roy Ruffinger and of course, the stand-out side where we put the blood picture right where President Bush in his own degree of terrorism. Oh, God, I'm going to give this. The report is, President Bush, will be attending the several mile-bearing of our West Constitution. In the next slide, you will release a security to the law as soon as the night has as rebuilt. After less months, they will stay in Al Qaeda attack. On the body of the re-U, for President Bush, you will get more against terrorism. And I will. The S has been a Fox-Nazin news update. Stay comfortable and leave the thinking do us. I've got my open and that more off. I don't know. I'll be damned. Well, it's kind of like networking. It's like a prophecy. It's just like the Bible man. A prophecy is coming true. When the end times, at least the end of all your freedom is anyway. And if the Democrats cave it on this one, on this, a hairy guy, a woman. You'll see. How do you always row the way, baby? They're not going to waste. They're not going to let any fetus is going to their feed. But there are about 1,734 votes on the poll. I don't think we're going to get anywhere near 1,000, but that's because we've been, we just have put the pedal to the metal. You know what, who cares? Josh has got a good point. We've been kicking serious ass on it. And additional ways to show this show this week have been so spike-tacular by who says, say, so myself. I don't know why. I mean, because I'm going to go on a vacation next week. Maybe that's it. That's it. So I can extend a little bit more energy this week. Blow it up. You're asked. 734 votes. Most people follow religion because of brainwashing to 11. Fear of death. 196. Religion without a hell. Religion without hating worth a day. 196. Weakness need for a crash 190. Stupidity 46. Kind of like, come like. We got troops embedded with them. Yeah. Why didn't belong to a club 42? Like a common sense 28. You'll 12. And they really believe in fairy tales, only nine. Solimenty and women. I wasn't going to do this. Travel storm. Tamty thing. We're going to find out. You got some more crappy weather coming guys. Yeah, but it's north of us. No, that you've got some more crappy weather coming guys. Travel storm. That's why I was going to talk about it. But I just saw the update from this come send a life. I think it'd be better pass it along. Okay. Since we're so news intensive here on issue on QAM. Since we're really involved in the community. Hmm. Travel storm. Tamty formed just off Florida's East Coast today. Could bring tornadoes. Heavy rains and coast of the erosion in northern Florida. And parts of Georgia and the Carolina's later in the day. And God is really especially pissed off at Georgia. All the crackers all the time. Red next up there in the trees and aim tree. And all then be easily kin or still pickin' it up there. Tamty is a member Tammy by Debbie Reynolds on coral records. Orange label, member Boca Brian. He said yes. Is he there? No, I'm just channeling him. I thought maybe he was there. Oh, well he would. You couldn't me. Tamty is a minimal tropical storm. Said Steve Letra. Maybe Rogers and charge of natural weather service in Jacksonville. The forecast movement will keep the worst of the weather offshore. Tamty with winds of 40 miles an hour. We're centered about 20 miles east to Cape Canaveral at 7.30 this morning. Going to the north northwest at 16 MPH was expected to continue in parallel with the coast and that direction gradually slowing its forward motion. But meanwhile a flood watch is an effect in South Florida through Tamar morning because of a storm system that could I'm sorry through Friday morning. Did you get that? Got it. Because of a storm system that could dump five to eight inches of rain. Just what you needed man. Right on top of all the other. How's the ride that we had? Rita and the Katrina before Rita and all the other stuff. Read the meter made and here comes more crap. Why? While some of the weather will be associated with Tamty the north of the central Florida coast. A low pressure system in the north eastern Gulf Mexico is being blamed for much of the rain. A complicated uprear atmosphere low pressure system in the north east Gulf of Mexico is affected across the series of disturbances to move north from the northwest Caribbean across South Florida. Beginning tonight the weather service be seen. Beginning tonight you got it? Got it. An additional front is expected to move into the northern Gulf Mexico late this week. Creating a very favorable situation for more heavy rainfall across South Florida. All it is getting so pondered. A pondered man. Squallic conditions are scheduled to buy by this evening. Scheduled including thunderstorms and winds gusting the 30 miles an hour. The National Weather Service in Miami says we want to get people ahead of Said meteorologist Tom Warner the potential there is for heavy flooding rains. The weather service ward of train echo effects thunderstorms with heavy rains moving over and over through the same areas as the system passes South Florida. Train echo effects. Can you believe that? I didn't even heard that before. Did you? No. The South Florida Water Management District said it is lowered can all levels and anticipation heavy rains to prevent flooding. The stormy weather should taper off by Saturday when forecast is only a 40% chance of rain. More intermittent showers should roll into the day today. All aboard. It's going to be nasty. It's going to be a Florida baby. It's going to be Florida. I threatened to read the Jesse Jackson Compton. You did that. I still got so much stuff here man. Well we should take a real quick call. I'm going to get you a hello. Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you man. I want that website last May guys doing excellent job on that. Yes we do. It was quite fun with some all the noises we asked that there for our planet. Great. I did. I was good day man. And the price is right to belly. Okay. See. Thank you. You guys are going to join us on your hard work Josh and you're going to even some of the horrors me in George. Whatever we do. Yeah. Well we have come up with a great story. What is the phone? I mean book of Brian's this downstairs. Ask me if I'm going to go run and get you. You're going to run down there. No. No that doesn't look forward to tomorrow. We have the glamour back in town. That's just a sequel. Jesse Jackson writes, okay the thinking of voice mail can take up any time and there's very annoying. It's stupid for me. I hate that. No not that phone. That's right. That was not going to ring no more by the way. I fixed that on this. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See. It's a great machine. It's a great machine. Mine. It's all pure. It's a good machine. He's done with a big easy. So Jesse Jackson and the Chicago sometimes. We don't. So we like picking shoes. Yeah. He's one of those people. We don't like that mustache. It's kind of like kind of satin. In fact, I think only Hitler had a worse mustache. Don't you? I don't know. They've been so many. How about a screwdriver? No, no. I'm not talking about big and bushy. I'm just talking about like cocky. You know like a bizarre. Or maybe he has a cloth palate. I didn't know he painted. After his administration's incompetence and indifference had lethal consequences in Katrina's wake, President Bush had been scrambling to regain his footing. He's called for an unprecedented response when unprecedented crisis and religious services have a national cathedral. He called out America to erase this legacy of racism exposed by those abandoned Katrina's wake. He's called on Congress to appropriate more than $60 billion in emergency relief and outlined a recovery program likely to be cost up to $200 billion or nearly as much as the war in Iraq. All of this is led to price to compare his plans to affect the Roosevelt's new deal or Lyndon Johnson's great society. Don't fall for it. A close look at the Bush plan reveals that this is a bad deal from a deck stacked against the poor who suffered the most in Katrina's wake. The first clue came from Bush's first act. He issued orders he racing and prevailing wades for work on rebuilding the Gulf and as a administration gave Haliburton a liquid of no big contract to begin the work. Then he decimated Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana and Enterprise Zone and using emergency authority waived all worker protections in the region protections for equal employment from an already contractor for health and safety for environmental protection. We're learning that when Bush promised to remove the legacy of racism in New Orleans, he meant he'd remove the poor who were victims of that racism. Bush's secretary for housing and urban development, Alfonso Jackson revealed that to the Houston Chronicle. Whether we like it or not, New Orleans is not going to be 500,000 people for a long time in the HUD secretary said New Orleans is not going to be as black as it was for a long time if ever again. He predicted New Orleans will slowly draw back as many as 375,000 people, but that only 35 to 40% of post-continue population would be black before between the New Orleans was two-thirds black. I'm telling you, as HUD secretary and haven't been in the developer and a plan that's how it's going to be, Jackson revealed that he had advised Mayor Ray Niggin, not to be billed the overwhelming black ninth ward. The people of the Ninth ward are the maids and waiters who serve New Orleans tourists, they're the musicians who give the city its blues, they're the cops and government clerks who are struggling to bring the city back half of the houses there are owned, not rentals. Many of these workers are dispersed, dispatched over 40 states, many are still in shelters. No one could figure out why the Bush administration wouldn't give the evacue's housing vouchers to rent housing in and around New Orleans instead of FEMA has ordered tens of thousands of traders in the struggling to build trailer parks, Bush vials to shut between his victims. Now we know Bush isn't planning urban renewal, he's planning urban removal. The administration has given the victims of Katrina, one might take it out with no plan for their return and said the planners will turn New Orleans into a gentrified team park. They'll rebuild the white communities even though it's like middle-class, gentilly, and wealthy lakeview that are as prone to severe flooding as the Ninth Ward. Congress should insist that the confinus victims have a right to return and FEMA should develop a plan to make their return possible. They should have preference for the jobs that will be created in rebuilding the city. They should be provided vouchers to use for nearby housing. If necessary, local military base should be opened with public transportation to get them to inform work. They should be paid to pervailing wage with these healthcare benefits. The people of the nice war to decide to fade their homes.urban planners and send our building a new New Orleans without its flag people. If their neighborhoods are not rebuilt and affordable in public housing should be built in other parts of the city. That's not what our sponsor, Jackson, and the administration are planning, so we'll take street-heating congressionalized mimic them see the light. Between the destroyed its victim's homes, we sure about the administration make them exiles from the real estate. And you go, Jesse, and how's that love child coming? Give him that. Reverend Lou. 752 votes on Ed Paul, man. We got it like, I don't know. I don't have to go and I'm not going to do it. Huh? I don't know. I'm not going to get that thousand-day. Let's make the goal, 760. When you say, okay. 28 past noon at 560 WQMFU. Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. We learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina is not the count on FEMA director Michael Browns. What can Brown do for you now? Apparently nothing. And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast. Nothing. Mr. David Carcoles. 52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government, but you've created so much red tape that victims won't receive a tune money, bro. Michael Brown, you're the one. When all is said and done, you will lose your job faster than you can say, E-colour. And if there's any justice in this world, you'll be calling the Houston after-dome home, too. Three hundred and a half-nervous. So we salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. You're clipboard, you're scuze, Navy Blue Teamerships, and you're comorbent. You are where real American A-holes. He everybody half-brown in Brown, a countable board everybody, crowned and drowned as a human being. I'm a picker support, but I got around those and I know that it wasn't. There was no runs to get them saved. They don't worry about looking in an anyway. I did everything. I possibly can. The show has a hold for the two-foot-plan. Oh, what a job I have as a vector of people. When I'm matured, then no need to be scumored and acclule as son of a pig. A chute hit is skid, Brown goes in the bridge. It's skid, Brown goes in the bridge. New Orleans is wide-douder than gone. With no use and I did one heck of a job and managed their pays off. To be a crowning and another wide-days deep, Christian, bolding, the national guard is down and down. With all of us just to get the press out of town, everybody go home. And nothing to see. Everything here is picked, paid over hurricane gave us a copy of E.C. for the Yofon Social here to be re-like a giant republic of Swingy. For Jesus for our Lord and King, for Jesus for our Lord and King. I don't believe compassion is what we in that. It serves the right to have this black nephew descendant of Swingy. It's a national disgrace that you'd never beg in the first place. This is no time to blame you to blame me since we know that her retainers are called by Gagies. You are not the right gunna home. My scotty would lay a lid and borrow a bow, where a chiming may America fight winged dream. To make everybody, life like me, and an ignorant son of a big, very good-taste child. From those who wish, for how I've used heavy-knocked young baby and horses, I'd rather you than than watch floating horses on the negligent herd of her now. You're fair, right? For 36 24 till 1 at 560 WQAM. 780, I'm smelling a thousand, man. These are all of us? I've smelled something else. Wow. Maybe that's a thousand people that just say, for lunch here. Could be one of those places around. No, seriously, if we didn't get like the 838-38-38-38-38-38, we'd be like, oh, that's a thousand people. I'm not sure if we could have been a hundred people. I'm not sure if we could have been a hundred people. I'm not sure if we could have been a hundred people. I'm not sure if we could have been a hundred people. I'm not sure if we could have been a hundred people. No, seriously, if we didn't get like the 838-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38-38 There was an interesting version of the network. We could actually visit the ground section of the distance even further, eingering on a blockweight crash. man, I was like squeeze in my kneecaps, I was so excited. But, and somebody else pointed out to me, which we try very hard not to pick at this, it's only October 2005. You do realize that this band of Mary Nazis, they've got three more years. I love this man, all the constitution, to the end to a reassembled a Supreme Court, and to take away more of your rights, and to come up with a whole much more papy-dax part ten to a hundred, et cetera. Three more years. Holy moly, rat man. Two a Paul Hackett, the rack veteran from War veteran from Cincinnati, who was healed by National Democrats for his narrow losses, some were in a heavily heavily Republican hostage written Ohio, as decided to challenge Mike DeWine for US Senate in 2006. You go Paul, try to wine. Spokesman David Woodrow, who served as a Hackett's campaign manager in his special election campaign for the second district of House of against Dean Schmidt, confirmed Hackett's run last night. Hackett had spent the Monday night. Hackett had spent the last month, heading it around against Ohio senior set of his news in his second six year term. Hackett was flying back Monday, evening from March to the afternoon with Senate Democratic leader, the very, very weak need Harry Reid of Nevada, who was kissy kissing with the Harriet Myersia that I would discuss. And the Democratic Senate campaign committee. Harry Reid reminds me a little bit of a Greg Reid, you know, in effectual. Reid Spokeswoman Tessa Heffin would not confirm whether or not the meeting Monday, but Woodrow later said Reid gave Hackett the confidence to run. He found overwhelmingly support from leaders of the Democratic Party, campaign organizations and staff would have said. One campaign manager Matt Ahmed neural said to one is a good record as a Senator yacht  each end, except on that so hackett who National attention, by getting 48% of care district call to Tuesday. At least according to the the diving all tendencies had been published. He Council was strong. By moving folks to public with right up to the table. Schmidt, on the other board of the public and there said that the summer time special election to Twitch should not be considered violent for other congressional elections, we will see time will tell. And Mike to wine, go the hill. go to hell. Speaking of people that are going to burn in hell, oh and how that at least dirty wounded. Look at that. God, turn man in hell up. New numbers. It looks even more number. More number. The new numbers 20 dead and at least 77 people wounded in that bomb. I just said 30 dead. It's about them in the screens. You better get your act together. Is this that idiotic bitch? You got to never think of her name. I just, which was seriously compared to the way I feel about solely that. I love going and compared to this. You know what I mean? I said do. Oh, I thought her this is Mrs. Lumball. Sorry. That's the thing about it. What? Don't apologize to her. No, I can't stand her either, but she's not the same league with that other one. When we have to do that, now things he's a commentator. What else her name? I don't know. It's against with an age. Harry. As you know, he's a high-ohitler. Roy Moore is speaking of Hitler and now says he's run for Governor Alabama. Speaking of all his political stuff. You're a little bit too newsy today too bad. Too freaking bad. Okay. I am working my big old fat, fat, fatty, ass off to put some really meat, some meat on the table today. You know what I'm saying? I've brought some meat to the table. What kind of for once in my life? Port? 793 on. And we're going to have 800 by the time we finish this next break. What do you think, Josh? We got a shot? Of course. Lean on it. Push it. I was at Alabama. See, that's what Duff said. Or Duff said in a budget means today, by the way, in that big race for Josh, I'd better be coming through. I'm going to be really. I'm going to be on a rampage. But you come back from vacation after next week and find out. Duff didn't give his race. There's going to be serious hell to pay. Duff and clearance and Greg. I say, Maddie Belthakes, a 50% pay come and give it to Josh and George. I will have a rich. What's wrong with that? Nothing. You're not going to do a damn thing to set the bottle around there. Come up to your kneecaps. Okay. Just looking people's kneecaps. Maddie Bell my ass. I was going to have a lot of amateur. I said this for after the break. Because after the break, it's 793 right now. If you don't have 800 votes after the break, then Maddie Bell is going to have wild sex with Greg Reed. This is Neil Ross. Right on the ear. This is 560. 280. I'm saving the quarter. I'm cutting from my because. I'm a victim of a suspicion. I'm buying from this account. It's yours. And I don't know if I'll get through it. Oh no, I've been too much. I found that shake is mine. There goes my credit rate. I thought I had more in my savings. Oh, I'll see you around tonight. If you buy. It's a stop to economy. It's a stop to economy. I'm saving the quarter. You're fair. I'm cutting from my because. I'm a victim of a suspicion. I'm buying from this account. It's pretty good. I kind of like a slow thing on it. Uptake. That's ancient, by the way. No, it's how it came back. Sure. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. It'll always stop. Roy and Moran, out to his run for governor, out to the L.A. The two judges Roy and Moran, out to his retireally political arena, Monday to curing himself a Republican candidate for governor in 2006. Oh my God. I'm man. God is the operative word. This is a certifiable crazy person. Like that. More who is a move for office for refusing to obey a judge's order. Remove a 53 hundred pound ten commandment monument from his state building. An out to his candidacy before a cheering home crown crowd. And the county where he first gain attention is the ten commandments judge. He needed judge. We live in a crucial time at our history of time when our rights are being eroded. While the real problems in the state are often ignored more fifty eight be seen. As our taxes continue to rise, the education case of our children continue to decline. Moran said, and at a time when morality seems to be disappearing, our courts are preoccupied with telling children they can't pray and telling public officials they can't acknowledge that God is the source of our morality. Moran said his campaign could be son-rep with one theme. He turned Alabama to the people for the people in a bit of political showmanship more signed a post-insized conference calling out his campaign platform. He criticized federal courts, non-comre lobbyists, lawmakers and tax increases. He promised to protect Alabama from gambling, immorality, and same-sex marriage, of course. He called for term limits for legislators. They probation on legislators holding other government jobs and legislative sessions every two years rather than annually. Like most people in this state he said, I feel safe when the legislature is out of session. I'd be like that. William Stewart, a political scientist with the University of Alabama, said more spark memories of former Governor George Wallace because of his fiery rhetoric lambasting federal officials. Stewart said more like Wallace, knew how to stir up for proud of his issues, even though his the out of his governor is confused. There he is. And a little fire in firm stone, maybe like all these phony baloney's, these Betty Hines and Jerry Falwell's, not these other screaming preachers under these screaming Mimi's, Jimmy's, swaggered. I haven't seen that. Yeah. What ever happened to Paul's crotch by the way? I got somebody got to it. I guess. Never heard no more about that, but they sure showed those people up real neck guy fast. Almost as fast as a mercry orphaned shot up by Demi Terio. How do you do that? Can't tell you. 817 votes. Gadget. Most people follow religion because I'm not going to read the result of the poll right now. 817. Like I said, if we get to 840 by the top of the hour, I'd say 1000s within our grasp. We can reach it. We can grab it. We can reach right out there and grab the brass ring and that thing. Now, this is something that you're highly interested in because Georgia Spires to get that lot of soft food eventually. That is when when Eddie values in two thirds of his salary and gives the other a third to Josh. Van Cover is the best city to live. How you like that, eh? Yeah. Been here in good things. According to a new survey, they're all these surveys, all these studies, all these organizations. And there are, keeps people off the streets, I guess. Everybody must, must the 11 11. What is it? Master the lyrics with the edge apps. I say, I'm getting even, am I? You're not just getting bad. Couldn't you be a little more Jewish than you. It's interesting years ago. The reason I say that is because years ago, I'm W. Just news, there was an old bad called in the Steve Can and said, Steve, couldn't you be a little more Jewish? Yeah, from what I'm hearing, he couldn't be a little any less Jewish than he is now. Now, he's born again and he's adopting 18 dark, complicated kids and got all the Spongebobi parts and seen the light. He has seen Jesus. Vancouver is the world's most desirable place to live according to this new survey. While Papua New Guinea's port Morris be is at the other end of the scale. It's the pits. It's at the bottom. It's at the ass end. How do you like that? Gee, you're getting the Canadian city. Vancouver nestled on the Pacific coast was one of four locations in that country to rank at the top of the economy. One of the four locations in that country to rank at the top of the, uh, E.K. Economist and toughness units live ability survey, which looked at conditions 120. Conditions 120 seven cities. It's unfortunate because I don't, I don't, I don't see the whole list in here, which would be kind of interesting if we had the US, but I, I'll get to it. We'll find it. The other top ranking Canadian cities were in order to Toronto. How's it going, hey? Calgary and Montreal. Well, I've been to the really leafs intensity. We got that opening game that I got to go to the hockey game now. You don't have enough time to wait those 22 games in a conference. Minus the Ranger is depending on both. There you go. See, let's get hockey intense. What do you say? No. Don't let me forget to keep reminding Hank not to do that hockey stuff. All right. When he told me he had Randy Molleron, I was like shades of, uh, what's his name? All right, again. Don't do it, Humper. Don't do it. Don't sell out the audience. Just for, uh, anybody. Australia also favor on the survey by London Bay's group with Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide, and Sydney, scoring high marks along with the in Austria and Geneva and Zurf Switzerland. Schweitz. The EIU study assessed nearly 40 indicators in five broad categories to ability, healthcare culture and environment education and infrastructure. It's a great global political time and it's no surprise that the most desirable destinations are those with a lower perceived threat of terrorism, sigin, kupstick, enter the report. Joining point more as be at the bottom of the list were Al Jira's Algeria. Dacobbeng with Ash. Karachi Pechistan and Lago Stygia all ranked poorly. The EIU said 10 cities all in Asia Africa the Middle East had aspects of the life at present challenges like suicide by things like that, rampant poverty things like on diet and on the air. By contrast, the EIU said 63 cities fell under the top of the Goldie bracket. You brought the Google list for me, would you? After the show? Not now. Because tomorrow I want to talk about the rest of this. Don't we have to start our website tonight, email us to you. I'm sure I did, Josh. I'm sure you did. Well, so we'll like to expand on it. And then you can like facts it to me in a morning. Anyway, this reflects the fact that many global business centers have developed infrastructure and widespread availability. The report states still the overwhelming majority of cities in the top of the region are based in Western Europe and North America. And here comes the piece of resistance, baby. Here comes the frosting on the cake. Here comes the old butt on the rose or whatever it is. Remember rose bud? Yeah. The reports that Canada would low crime, little preference to ability or terrorism and a highly developed infrastructure is the most livable destination in the world. The car to their study. That is absolutely shocking. Okay. I'm ready to get up and salute it. Although higher crime rates in the greater threat of terror put US cities below those of Canada, US cities are still among the world's most livable. Cleveland and Pittsburgh had the highest American scores. Oh, they're Cleveland and Pittsburgh. Probably Toledo, right man. Wow. What's on the American score? Not my interest really is Pete. So you got to like find out more about it. Only three cities in eastern Europe fall into the bracket along with 13 cities from Asia. The EU I said. Cleveland and Pittsburgh, the highest American scores. I've been Cleveland for a long time. I guess they've cleaned it up from what it was. I haven't been there in like 45 years. Who did that study? The EU, Mr. the Economist Intelligence Unit. They were looking for a unit. And they found a good one. And anyway, there he goes. So that's a look at the EU. Actually, this was a more was this from CNN story. Vancouver best place to look. You can Google it. You can hop on it. Do it twisted around a little bit. And that great. And it was Georgia's excited about that. Because he wants to go like to either like maybe Victoria or a bank Hoover. Up there in the Great Northwest. There are people smoking big fat one. And nobody gives a crap and everybody has a good time. Even those people in the Olympics. Remember that to what the hell was that? Not Bob sled. What was his thing? The snowboarder? Not a snowboarder. The snowboarder. Bob sled. The snowboarder is not going off. I see the way I slipped into that. That's right. 826 and it's only 12.55 and our goal is a live man. This is a shocker. Just when the Saudi is when you least expect him to come true for you. Not only on Russia, Shana second day, but also on Ramadan. It's coming true. Each year hard out you'll find where you pose or you're phony. You jack as you're fairy. 830 votes. Most people follow religion because of brainwashing 233. You know what? You know what? One word for Joe Feinberg. I have to get some words last week. One word. Okay. Want to be. You're a wannabe Joe. We know Kerry about $87. Zillion dollars. Give it all of the dolphins. Okay. They can use it. Give it all of the pants. That's right. We got the pants. Because we got yolty and red deer Randy. I wonder how it isn't red deer. Of course having known him, it probably answers my question. Rainwashing 233. That's what gets these religious perpetuated crap. Through a death 222. Weakness need for a crotch 214. Stupidity 52. Wanting to belong to a club 47. Like a common sense. What come any votes? That's got. About 13 men. You'll 17 and they really believe in fairy tales. So lamentate. Teen say. Very good on this. But new one numbers this way, correct? Yeah. Only 15. This is a new rather. This is 5.16. 8. Oh boy. It's the one to two hours. Yeah. I'm a home and a need a prayer. I'm a thousand feet. Will not kill your own. Let's go. Come back home. Weakness need for a crotch 214. Weakness need for a crotch 214. Weakness need for a crotch 214. Weakness need for a crotch 214. Oh boy. God is a brave. Korea. Korea. Oh, Canada. This has been to me. Oh, Canada. This has been to me. No. It's one o'clock at 5.16 WCWM. It's 842 votes. It's in the audience's fine hands. It's in your hands. To see if we get to a thousand by two o'clock. I think that probably will be like on a farm page of every newspaper in North America. What do you think? Oh yeah. Maybe it's time jico get a bulletin on. Maybe this is on some flyer. You can't meet your radio yet. More Hispanic women converting to Islam. You were there? See there you go. It's chocolate. It's a circle for empowerment. I don't get it. Who said anything about empowerment? Why then? Well, it's our past. How about her with the article? And maybe you might learn some of you. Or you or something. Let's not let's do that way. Ask Melissa Maddoz why she converted to Islam. See her ego. And you're likely to get an answer that spans 13 centuries. She may refer to 7th century Arabia where Muslims believe the prophet Muhammad received the Quran from the Angel Gabriel. Oh, blow that horn Gabriel. Or she might describe Islam's golden age and medieval Spain. Or she'll be called September 11, 2001 when Fuhr and Kuryaunsehdi. He'll be over to read about Islam on the internet. Matt O'Se comes from a family of 7th day at Venice for my library. Publica de Minicana has answered the question countless times since converting to Islam in April. She now covers her hair, praised five times today, and today will observe Ramadan amongst the fasting prayer and reflection which began at sundown, last night. Sometimes it does get a little difficult said Maddoz, a 20 year old political science student at FIU, who lives with a parents in Miramar, a hotbed of Islamic influence. I feel alienated from my family, my old friends, but Islam is so beautiful. It's worth it. And with Ramadan, I'm just doing it by myself to me and God. Does that what the Virgin Mary was doing? It was just here in God, wasn't it? Right. So Hispanic women make up a small fraction of the nation, six million Muslims, those convertible Islam are exerting influence beyond their numbers, teaching Spanish, Arabic classes, forming Hispanic Muslim organizations, and distributing Quran in Espanol. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my God. Thank you, God. Matt O'Se for one time to organize the lecture series this semester. They'll follow you on the religion's little-known history in Latin American, including two lectures that will be in Spanish, she said, in Espanol, Spanioli. Some have found support networks, P.A. Dod, a network of Muslim-eminist states to educate Spanish-speaking communities about Islam, has more than 344 members nationally, 344. Wow, we can probably fit those people into a phone booth. Other groups like the Latino American Dawa organization, which was formed in 97, promote the legacy of Islam in Spain and Latin America. It's a movement that is growing, especially in urban areas, said manual vascas, a professor religion at the University of Florida. It's partly cross-fortilization that's occurring among immigrant groups. There are some 40,000 Hispanic Muslims in the US according to the spokesman for the Islamic Society North America. The largest populations are in New York, Texas, LA, Chicago, and Miami, American Muslim organizations say. Jamila Ali, 26, became a Muslim seven years ago after she dreamed she was praying in a mosque filled with light. Her mother, who's from Peru, had converted to Islam seven years before. Now her brother, 22, and 22, and 22, and 22, and 22, she converted. I wonder if they're nailing chickens on the front door. That's the wrong religion. That is nerve. You feel a much closer connection to God said Ali, who lives in temperal pines and teaches to other Hispanic Muslim-eminider-read and right Arabic, all of all you give up everything of your old lifestyle, your old clothing and not going to clubs, you're not drinking and you're certainly not smoking and you're not drinking like the president. Islam's growth among Hispanic women may result from the broader Muslim outreach following the 9th of September, and it's assistant professor of religion and a fine you. to find you. Sofian Abdel Aziz, well, I'm doing good on these names today. Sofian Abdel Aziz, directed to American Muslim Association of North American Mimeys, said his group often gets requests for the Quran in Spanish. In the last several years, they've given away more than 5,000 Spanish translations of the Quran to South Florida, Mosque, and Persons. Coverage, or converts and muslim leaders are quick to note that Muslims have Hebrew and Christian scriptures revelation. Though maintain it, the prophet Muhammad provided a complete word of God. I thought that was Joseph Smith. I thought he took, said take two of those tablets and call me in the morning in Palmaire in New York. Right? What? What? What? What? What? I thought he took, said take two of those tablets and call me in the morning in Palmaire in New York. Right? Plot Plot says this. Was that El Maira? It was Palmaire, you idiot. You think these people are the difference between El Maira and Palmaire? I don't. Well, there you go. Look it up on a map. Muslim scholar, the Quran, the Holy Book, revealed the Bible to Muhammad. Islam's five central tenets include, professing faith in God and His prophet Muhammad, or pilgrimage to Mecca, Islam's Holy City in Saudi Arabia. O Saudi Arabia. Who wouldn't it be? I should have been arranged for them not to be able to go there because Saudi would be there no more. Well, that'd be nice. Just to be just a long queue. So we can get all that oil. Islam spread rapidly after Muhammad's death in the 7th century. Today is one of the fastest globalities in North America scholar, say, Hispanic converts in urban areas say it because it becomes easier to find like-minded communities. It's so great to meet other Latin people because we all know each other's background and said, Fatima Navarrez, who's 30, but 30, man. We converted in 2002 and now studies Arabic with two other Hispanic women on a weekend. But convincing families that conversions of the way to go has not always been easy. They think I've rejected my way to salvation because I don't believe Jesus Christ is a son of God. Maddo said it for parents who are seven-day Adventists. Uh-oh. What a seven-day Adventist belief. I don't know you don't need meat. You don't need meat. I think they didn't have all that funky, like, vocabers and stuff. They're kind of fundamentalists, but they stress the the Shavas, you know, Saturday is the Sabbath and other things they shop-bible very literally. Yeah. So don't they also eat vegetarian? Not that I know of. Get out of here they make all I think it's a seventh Adventist. If you go to the supermarket they have a special case when they have all those fully hot dogs and sausages. You know, made from vegetable stuff. Had a seventh-day Adventist girlfriend for years, we went to steak houses. So, no wonder, no wonder you're both going to hell. Jesus Christ, maybe I got to think we can fuse with them. I'm pretty sure. Look it up. Look it up in the seventh-day Adventist book. Roy Mal Ashney, like I said, I came to these names Kanar was raised by Roman Catholic appearance, human ex-outs who settled in Miami in 59. Kanar 52 considered becoming a nun before just like Whitney on passions. Before converting to Islam in 1822, her parents' devout Catholics didn't want the grandchildren to re-raise Muslims, he said. It was very hard to know that my own mother didn't respect my beliefs, Kanar, who with her husband raised their three children as Muslims, all you vee, but others have found support from their families. Narve is who lives with their grandparents in Davy. Oh my god, Muslims in Davy, what the world is coming to an end? I'm sorry that they wouldn't understand who new dietary practices, because Islam forbids pork and meat that isn't halal or slaughtered according to Islamic law. With Puerto Ricans, there's pork and everything. Oh, if I got a line for that, but I'm not going to use it to do it. I know it. With Puerto Ricans, there's pork and everything's sitting in our vows who works in marketing, but they accommodate all my students and cook halal for me. No pork. By the way, the next time you order up a pork, no, a cheesy brawlers for dairy sarner. Don't put the cheese on it, because it's a tray. On that pork, all the kosher cheese. At least since he announced aspects of Hispanic kosher that conflict with their beliefs like cooking with wine or eating pork, but she still marks Christmas with her provian family and cooks South American dishes. Islam is a way of life, but you don't suddenly have to stare at listen to Arabic music. He said, we still keep our heritage. We're still listening to CDACRUS. I Louise Miguel, a lot of whatever he says. I don't think she needs to see that fruit. We hope. So honey, like that, more Hispanic women are moving to A. Um, better than me. My, my, my, my. And that's the question is that, which is better still being Catholics and we producing like rabbits, all of the Muslims reproduce like crazy too. I notice, which is why more than 50% of population Saudi rabies under the age of 15. So they got like a major explosion over there. What the hell are those right? Hands are going to be boja. Yeah. Oh, we can really pray. Oh, we can really pray. Bye, bye Saudi Arabia. I can hear that bit right now, man. Oh, God. The bush crux and the Saudi crooks man, a match made in purgatory. Can you say the Carlisle group? Can you say bush one? Can you say James Baker the turd, who is representing his Saudi clients, the the families, the midlands and the other families of the 9-11 terrorists, the suicide attackers. James Baker the turd piece of crap. 861 votes. What do you think? We got the 501 minutes? I don't know. The verdict is out because you people have slacked off of the beast. Slow down. The 139 votes by two o'clock. And what do you think? Yeah, whatever. If you would have bet on it. Yes, call a petty case with the odds or get to morning line. Don't forget about those cities. I want to get a whole thing on a scaven and pistol. Just a preliminary because it did a search in the the the source of that study once money for any report that you get from them. Get out of here. I'm looking you know, elsewhere, but so far no, no luck. Money my ass. This is getting to be a real incident. Yeah, internet. Well, those people want to get paid to read this. There's so many hits to one. You have paid to look at their website. Are you sure? That's what I heard. That's where we're going around in the biz. 10 minutes after one in five, 60 WM, we got the mole. Myster. What? More Howard David. Tim Madison the bank Atlantic Center and preparation for nice big opening game for the Panthers, 4630. 630 is Panther preview. And then it's seven to 10 it's the Atlanta trashers at the Florida Panthers. Atlanta trashers and I have Marion Hosa always be where a guy named Marion I always said to that whether it was John Wayne or Marion Motley and then of course a captain his Motley game in correct for the hockey game. This is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Right. On sweet and elegantounes our Michelle gender flight, see. I'm not a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I am a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, like exposure, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm having sex I'm having sex, I'm a woman, I'm childhood, so I'm not a woman, I'm a woman, I'm being a woman, I'm I'm a Donald woman and a rubber rubber doll. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. Oh, ball, ball. That's a movie. You know, these people are like, we're always being a shopping for religions, you know? Like Bob Dylan was doing there. I'm shopping for a new guru and we haven't even seen him since he's worth it. Oh, I got some, uh, catch Stevenson that I never play. That's right. Uh, that's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's a very interesting thing. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Alright. There's no one in this room. I think I could always be friends. Get off the plane Just relax and take it easy You're just dumb that's your fault If you wouldn't have been a fire with you Find our skin and a rag if you won't 18 another variation of a classic Yeah, I Which Americans should they Sound me She let her Oh my god, I knew catch the even collecting today for 1995 all you can play with Lisa I'll tell you what the divorce you're pouring in by the ones now 88 That's not so great because we need to get to 900 by the next break or I'll never shot it our thousand a day They just yeah, oh yeah, they kind of slow down probably cuz they wanted to hear that bit which I don't blame them I love that erubic aka Indian Accent yeah, it's a beautiful thing That's like I said not so great so don't be late because then we'll be up a quick without a panel kind of like in deliverance Kind of like the beesleys Yeah, so let's go shopping for religion. What would be the fashionable religion do you really? Find something to believe in something that would a lot of chalk keys and a lot of Rich wool and well kinds of crap. What has the most casual sides with strangers? Oh, I don't know. I think atheists Well, and Catholics Son and bomb mother buried together. Oh, this is great from high high-dura bad Hyderabad, India see that see the segue there from one Indian to another Graman who kept the embom body of his mother and home in a glass casket for 21 years was buried along with her after his death Well, they've said yesterday in India India India hundreds of residents on Sunday attended burials of Sayyat Abdul Gafur 69 and his mother got a mosque in Sinivata a town of 300 miles south of high high-yadur A band the capital of under a prodiged state all these Indian names man. He gave me almost as much as they any input a curry Ooh, I don't mind kid curry. He's okay, but at three if you know anybody who likes curry Don't know anybody who's had curry You know I know I'm a squeaky-ed kid. Great how often a lot. I like curry sauce Ooh, failed. We got worried. Curry sauce Sam what unlike you know like chicken and rice or something chicken and rice? You know that you ever been like chicken kitchen Are you gonna start again with a damn chicken kitchen? I can start with that again nine hundred votes I'm trying to be for the next breakfast with ever nine hundred now we work on that last hundred You see chicken kitchen my ass. I fulfilled the last wish of my uncle He had told us that his mother's body should be buried only after his dad's head is nephew. Sayyat Nur Gafur not Nur but's guy four who taught English literature to college in the Some of this American throw these names in the 80s divorce his wife after six months of marriage because she had a fight with his mother Norse when the mother died he brought the embomb body to his home and kept it in a glass casket He put the body in the casket He was so eccentric that he wouldn't allow anybody else to even look at the glass casket Norse said Gafur consulted his mother even after his her death before doing anything important Gafur would write yes and no on two pieces of paper Then saying that the feet of the mother's body was select one piece of paper without looking at what it said And acting accordingly Norse said he would govern himself accordingly local official and proctar ready He said I want to piece can't help him ready said residents and relatives complained about him keeping the embomb body at home But Gafur was adamant he would not let his girl He's not letting mama go okay, I know some guys like that They won't let mama go nine hundred votes under pull we got a shot 40 minutes and a hundred votes and so I know it's doable 905 what do you think it's true? Our vent man. I said they're gonna do they're gonna come through for us today put us on the map Spoke him what are you talking about Oceanel Josh was talking about before not Yeah, I'm the one that's obsessed with spoke in well, Josh is going to see animal. How do you like that? See who never been to Washington state sorry nice place Washington, well not too far from Vancouver. That's right Washington school's bands have explicit dances central Valley high schools become the latest Location area school to ban informal dances known as mixers because of sexually explicit dance and called freaking Those freaking kids man is that anything like crumpen like crampen? Yeah, yeah, it's like crampen without the M the style involves grinding and Jirating against the dance partner or several people at once and one one school administrative looks like having sex with your clothes on Oh no I think part of the issue is that the students don't know how to dance the type of music that's being played now Central Valley principal Mike Hiddleston it's what they see on MTV and in the clubs and scum the floor where it is just in appropriate What he said in appropriate well who else he did decide what's inappropriate? He says they don't know how to jay every huh if he says they don't know how to dance to that music Maybe he can teach him that's right you'll be teaching a man those moves prints prior to a city of Hawkins dance kids You'll probably let's see him bust the move. Oh, sorry. Are you sure? Trying to a city Hawkins dance kids with fractured over twenty nine teaches will offer dance classes to students who want to learn another way to dance Like with their clothes up. Yeah, I then stopped the problem. Let's just have them all think they're closed off Times and other formal date dances are still a lot of greatest book and leave schools But informal mixes are banned and most those informal mixers man. Gotta really know's what they're mixing After a stat turn on the lights because some students were dancing inappropriately to recent dance Mount spoke in high school student leaders vowed to do away with mixers Our student leadership looked at it and just said that's not what we're about vice principal Jim Preston said We will still try to create opportunities for students to come together and celebrate. Oh, do I have a line for that? But we just wanted to be an inappropriate or positive manner. Sorry Joyce. Beagle son. Shavel Park Ferris and Lewis Ferris and Lewis and Clark high schools all bad mixed to mixers This is this is what we're worrying about okay. We got all these people dying in Iraq. We got my hurricanes global warming Polarized caps are melding people are starving their campus 80 bucks a gallon and worried about kids dancing inappropriately Okay, that's America for you, baby and God forbid that somebody might have a pin joint in your ass train That's America man. It's just you know like that article we had on last week on the website I hate America what it what it is now How would it used to be but what it is now? Oh, how's that? Oh Lindsey low hand We better get that on right away. Oh, that's important That's big stuff man Lindsey low-end and two other people were taking a hospital to is they after the act is black Mercedes convertible clutter with the van and West Hollywood California It's already said with this is said low-end was right at avoid toporazzi for terror this sounds like Diana It does but she walked away. Well Couldn't we like switch it all around not that are we talking about to Diana Nor it's just for you Let's pair up Princess She's really going into a tunnel hello See in a Mercedes know us although a Diana was not the convertible look at back to a Diana Low-end a few months past year in a car suffered minor injuries said LA County Sheriff Sergeant Diane heft The driver's event which was not into a park vehicle suffered moderate injuries the identities of low-hands pasture in the mail driver The van went out immediately released the accident was witnessed by a number of people including reporter for the syndicate TV show the insider all Inside of reporter Victoria Recano told the APC saw low-hand in a passenger run into an antique store immediately after the collision Havi or Ramirez who works at the store said he recognized low-hand she was very upset Ramirez told the APC She kept saying oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I can't believe it. She said oh my god Ramirez said low-handed or passenger of left after a few minutes and all the both were shaken up Neither appeared badly hurt television news footage showed a badly damaged black Mercedes outside the store With both its driver and passenger side airbags inflated how do you like that? The sheriff's department said to drive with their end of fear to be turning in front of lions carbon vehicles collided There was no evidence that booze was involved in the crash But the hood helmet and who the hell cares right why didn't waste my time with that anybody care about What is that I just reached over to do something and just automatically like fired up I think must be not a Ramirez Okay What have we got on there? We got about a half hour little over half hour 928 that's kind of great We need 72 votes in 34 minutes as that's a little over two minutes like one or two how many seconds? I turn it down second if we can't do that we might as well shut this damn station down just shut it off I don't want to like count my chickens before they hit or in hatch, but have we gotten to the entire day so far with an audio vault malfunction at the junction? Yeah, we have so in other words they thickest it huh it looks that way well I'll be there Am I going air course so you quiz like you're fairie 27 after one a QM if you're looking for a high-speed internet service you want one that's fast reliable easy to use In short you want the best you want the number one high-speed internet service provider in the USA Comcast high-speed internet it's 100% pure broadband network blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster than DSL light Even download music photo streaming video online games faster than you ever could before Simply put Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around it with features like the fan video Email security manager and radio plus it's even more intense than ever before and right now you can get you to help Comcast high speed internet for just 995 a month for the first two months so call 1 800 Comcast and get the number one high-speed internet service in the entire country today Circular stations of black-all for details. It's a free call 1 800 Comcast This is a Mil Rogers Thisdaics queen or doesn't or sorry congratulations get alive Shen73 It's not only I think you're busy with it when you're just going to lie and it's not that I'm just going to play with the mobile game. Well, out of the Bible some children came to do something on the ground. Doing things in Mean no We are in the town of the time of the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in the spotlight. We are in the dark. We are in the light. We are in the dark. We are in the dark. We are in destruction again. We are gonna burn here. We will do it. We are in the dark. Let the lights light up. We are down. Even if we are in the dark, we will need to burn to hit. We will get you out human. We will stop if we win. I hope you will get the light. Okay. Have you seen the reception? Yes. Okay. What isLaToe's arm? We didn't know we would run away. Lactose free are you like to see color and why I got it just happened to be there school All right nine 48 man. I think we're gonna do it we got 28 minutes We need 52 votes. Oh, please less than two votes a minute We could have phony up that many for once in my life. I was right. That's what Stevie Wonder said me to facts here. This is for me recovering brainwashed fan get rid of that religious crap Okay, it makes no sense it's a bunch of lies and stop but waste new time with it Put your energy into something constructive and you know like entertaining like getting laid Here's a fact this is kneel you're correct about seven-day Adventists We are the folks famous for their vegy meat and the whole vegetarian movement Like Judaism we have different levels that can be considered orthodox moderate etc The orthodox seven-day Adventist adherely vegetarian diet while the moderate ones like Georgia's old girlfriend eat meat but no pork Wow, do I have a line but move it right one seafood and other animals that don't meet the Bible I'm gonna have to do with a hoop and the animal's got to do with that covid hoop hoof right right I don't even know what that means what what animal has a covid hoof like a pigs correct Can't eat no pork no oh better no brown words today, huh? That's right you need the rocks today You're going to help yeah, we're really awesome. Hey, as an FYI on she He whoever this is has a thing here about a crazy person doctor John Kellogg found her Kellogg cereals You know he was a crazy person. Yes, I do he was a sentay Adventist and besides his involvement with the whole healthy food movement He was obsessed with the digestive system and animals He was also obsessed with making sure that people didn't touch themselves So that's how I want to say the inward and as a result that that's what he invented breakfast cerear originally for cornflakes Kellogg's cornflakes in his dear was if you ain't enough of that you wouldn't touch it You know, no, I tried that. Let's just not to say oh damn it and he was also obsessed with animals So I guess you know there's a dilemma for you when you rather touch yourself or have a good blueberry animal Or maybe you could do both right don't make me choose hence orthodox 70 Adventists are strong Proponents of the whole calonic movement. Oh, God. Oh, we say calonic movement. I think As part of a healthy dines slice lifestyle remember who was also involved in a very obsessed with With the calonics your mom. No, I wanted it. JC. I never had that discussion Yeah, I Don't you I would be was JC you tell you talk about joining in calonics That's not all talk about you wanted to move in everybody's house And of course who wants somebody live in in their house is always got a Q talk up is but hopefully they're not doing it there at the house. Oh, geez 955 I'd rather talk to chronicston have a calonic 955 we got 45 and a piece of cake man. We'll do a slide into it. You know just like hitting that ground bar on the right side To move the run over long single back to the right His story toilet to cause 24 thousand dollars Brownsville Texas a multimillion dollar restoration pride and the see this is right in line with the SM day of Venice Who are into high calonics a multimillion dollar restoration project will have spent 24 thousand dollars to be constructed a historic toilet not just any old toilet But a historic toilet on the first floor of an 1912 court house of 30 said probably all this famous is the toilet and our two bunkers house of stairs Cameron County commissioner is voted yesterday to allocate the money for the restroom the tea room Which of a constructed its original location style the room was removed during your previous renovation Will I installation an elevator renovation began in 1994 in a building which is a historical side overseen by the Texas historical Commission the commission gave the county a 3.1 million million a Three-part money dollar grant for renovations and all construction must comply with specification said forward by the group The 24 thousand dollars a pay for a toilet Fictures plumbing pasture and mosaic tile that are truly original style of the 1912 laboratory The Brownsville hero reported today's editions Moisia this is Jack mosef the project is about 8% complete should be completed by muster Order of a Brownville Texas gonna have a Expensive 24 grand turlet in Brownsville Now why you're playing too much by Elvis that's what the flush song, but it's not what I was going for oh Well, don't we don't we just have the flush I How can I know him now it's under toilet oh it's under turlin I think we all got sucked on the old rain that time watch your feet feels like we're all going into long You nine 61 and it can be done by will be done. Oh your fed as governor by the way when a liar Flyer not just as he doing his bidding for visiting out peddling his book because doesn't he and all these other people give him a lot of money They were Republicans and not only is he trying to do everything to subvert with his devious plans the class size amendment But he's very popular governor Fanny's governor Jim Bush said yesterday He supports federal legislation allowing drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico looting areas where he aggressively thought energy exploration just four years ago Lire liar your fan asses on fire, Jim You phony and by the way, how's your kid doing? A toy oh, I don't think it about the drunken son. How's no well Anyway, Bush said a new political realities and protections anything's good win for the state. Nice change Environmentalist don't grant him Republican US Senator Mel Martinez a Florida strongly opposed the bill Which would allow oil and gas drilling 125 miles from Florida control waters They continue to insist that a strong political front and floric and stop all new drilling in eastern Gulf Sure, they do boosted you writing their position, but that's great. I've talked to the furry godmother about it He is a fair-dass sarcastic lying sack of crap birds of a feather from the same flock Suck together not too long ago the governor joined the same critics and opposing oil and grass drilling even beyond the grass drilling even we on 125 mile mark and 2001 he strongly lobbied his brother El Presidente to significantly scale back drilling in an energy rich area called least sale 181 which sits more than 200 miles west of Tampa as a result there will be no new drilling in least sale 181 area for the coast of Florida under my watch governor Bush probably stated in news release July 6, 2001 but the current legislation at the governor is helping it to shape would allow drilling in least sale 181 Which is currently off the mistural and gas exploration until 2007 One for to that area called the still pipe because of its shape Judged within 23 hours of Pensacola but drilling is prohibited in the region till 2012 as part of an earlier deal Struck by Martinez and the Bush administration When asked about the previous position his previous position favoring a ban on larger swath of the Gulf Your fan asked governor Routesti. Oh my I could sit on the sidelines and say I'm for it and that would be great That's how politicians act he said or we could try to establish a long term protection of our coastline and I've opted to be engaged in trying to protect Florida's coastline Rather than to be politically correct you fat ass you Your fellow god away hate him. I think I despise him even more than his brother Brother's gonna excuse you. He's just so damn dumb. That's the excuse for being that evil. No, that's true But this one he's evil and not quite so bad right that he's dangerous he's more like Michael Whereas of the president up until lovely stole the two elections for him. He was more like Frankie Pintangeli small potatoes 970 votes is there any doubt that we're gonna do it then no ice going Josh. I know 140 20 tilt to a QA my friends a dialometrist have an unbeatable Unbeatable offer for you now when you call 1 800 matches you can get a free take a gas take the full amount of any gas Receive off your next mattress up to 10% of your purchase if you spend 50 bucks at the pump Take 50 bucks off any purchase a 500 bucks or more and you'll save more gas by skipping those phony sales this Columbus day weekend You won't be sletting around over town burning up a expensive gas if department's there's a rather so-called Macrist or is double the price then say hey we're gonna give you 50% off what kind of a sale? What kind of a deal is that? Make believe airs dots phony baloney so call 1 800 mattress and suit in the complete line of the top names in a business Seely insert us simons King Quarals have a ptc and students in foster hewit when you call 1 800 Max this will choose the date and time of your delivery just pick the day the week with it in two hour window seven days a week from 8 in the morning 12 10 and night even Columbus day and they show up on time 99.7% of the time forget about wasting time money driving all over town and shopping from a mattress It's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever go out and do it for years and most of the QAMers are doing the same Just sit there on your fat pimple yes to make one easy call 1 800 mattress or log on to their website Macrist dot com and don't forget to post your may be purchase goes to her king Katrina relief called dial macros toll free 1 800 m a ttr ES leave off the last as because it stands for stew pandas saving This is meal Rogers This is 5 62 hey Oh Well, he's a fella has a nasty Oh, who got the money from a daddy Oh, and if I said my little granny Oh, with an agenda that's a Oh Well, he's a fella has a nasty No, but they are fillet Kelly's a resident of South who doesn't have to run no one else is going away anybody is well just who right is Oh He has a golden spoon he was born with love as that so look out all you do Oh, you're ready for the dad. He's a fella. I think that's me Oh, he'll give our civil rights to Wany Oh, I think that's a Bell-A Well, he does with very bad abuse who never pays his dues stars In raise against money Isn't It's all He is this big a bull Anyway, it's not 145 what are we? I'm just looking at that pool to see if we're gonna make it I want to be sure 990. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah For the first time in 33 years, you know, and what today reminds me of I'll take some fantastic Sidolating calls a few of them but five or six This reminds me the seven months of how we zoom around like crap and not taking any calls There are only difference being that today it's all meat right they seven day Venice wouldn't like it because it's all meat But you want to say I see no one cuts back in the day before I had perfected this whole whatever it is I'm doing up Down to a science I was we just a lot of stuff just to go time and but I had a pile half out of the ceiling But now it's just a heavy duty crap man. Some very heavy heavy duty for the first time in 33 years counters used by And I talk about this yesterday the fact we can't even agree on what they is new years day How is the world gonna get along when we can't even agree on something as basic as that see what I'm Abbasin we're better kill everybody that disagrees there you go You know like my new year but I'm saying this first name Florida for the first time in 33 years counters used by Jews and Muslims have coincided Mark the beginning of the whole of the season rush our shona and rob it on within hours of each other sounds like a occasion for a fight there you go Hey, let's kill some people you get your oozees and they'll get their rocks Orchard shunner which began at sundown Monday marks the beginning of that only tishry They seven calendar months but the new year 57 66 over that sound by Zagwan Evans in the year 57 66 Yes, and the beginning of the 10 day high holy days a time for celebration as well Of the atonement of the sins next the week on your own keep poor I the holiday will continue that is the version shone until sundown tonight and then you can go out and act crazy Go to a hockey game me meanwhile Muslims are scoured Monday night for the coming of a new moon Now I bet you didn't know it the kind of moon that comes up when the Muslims look up in the sky I did that's right if the moon comes up Well, let's see new moon is a sign that rubber on the 9th lunar month of the years begun if the moon comes out American Muslims What's going as many to bring them muslims worldwide or recently begin a month of fasting doing daylight hours and affirm their faith through Moreland spiritual purification and a lot of rock and endopening on those magic carpets both major religions I just it makes me a week thinking about it. Well, what is that how can you how can you get people to do these things? You kill them if they don't I Say I think we need to put that on the pool before we leave today most people are sheep all right It doesn't have sum it up sure how can you how can you convince people to do such an of course You have been involved in that whole board again thing there for about five minutes. Yeah, you know I do know I can tell you exactly why okay And there's the short story is I went from a very bad situation to a situation where I had food and people who at least You know in some cases did love me and in others were just pretending to to suck me into the church I didn't realize that the whole town and practically the whole state was full of nice people I thought it was just the church so I wanted to become a part of what was going on there and I was 13th house and yeah, but then I woke up before I loved and I wanted And it really just like all the calls to the exact human man. They give you food and they say Jesus my old lady does Yeah, you want to be part of this love first don't you know something yeah, sure one thousand three votes Was there ever any done this audience man there's something going on you can oh you smell that you'll Anyway, both major religions use their own lunar calendars to that's why they keep killing each other They're a loony calendar to determine on which days how days will fall generally There may be your house and of course which days the components will fall generally They're major holidays fall within weeks or months of one another until this year that is it's it now Why does it say of one another should let's say of each other? It should this is the low die California news will shame on you people and low die until this year that is It's a cosmic coincidence that Rabbi Raphael Pazod Jr What a name who lives in low die California and it's volunteer chaplain for the low-eye police department Rabbi Raphael Pazo Pazo I know where we were you ready to stick Pazo? Ectom it's like prep eight he must be the ointment to the flying the equipment Pazos said this you even plans to observe Russia shun and according to his own faith and later Share a Ramadan dinner with some Muslim neighbors live nearby Santa no anything about that and of course here you wouldn't believe the number of restaurants here to the kind of all this hello and What a falafel and all other stuff right guys? Probably would like a lot of chicken and rice I think isn't That's how spill away. He knows about falafel. What's the name of that the chicken what? Chicken kitchen chicken kitchen chicken kitchen chicken kitchen is very good actually really How about that back to our restaurant these they have they have chicken that they make it a whole bunch of different ways You know they chop it up and put it on whatever you want and then put what do you want on it? What do we run that oh? Curious all people a curry sauce they'll pour some on there for I would you pour curry sauce on chon anything Who's chicken yellow rice little curry sauce? I'm telling me I get it with the salsa and the you know I thinkers I get it with a massive balls underneath it all that and gribbitous We are a little gribbitous man before I die again. I must have gribbitous fact. That's probably what'll put me Oh, my age. Oh, I'll fix it up. Wait, you talk about a lump in your poopic Tazzo said rush your shun is the time for people to come together We've clicked on the passing of a year. It's a joyous occasion featuring feasting where people leave apples and honey to remind themselves of sweet things They hope will come in the new year apples and honey all my life. I never heard of such a thing Get the honey chonia believe that I believe it and that's and that's his name too Pazzo do you a racquet all Pazzo junior? It's a joyous occasion featuring feasting and they remind themselves of the sweet things They help with coming to the you by eating apples and honey the new year is also recognized by the blowing of the chauffeur Ram's horn Did we ever find that sound I never did Like that it's a very joyous occasion. He said the beginning of the new year reflection forgiveness and contrition While Jewish Congress and celebrate on it with feasting Muslims have been in a month long period of daylight fasting The act makes people think about the suffering of others especially the ones that they're bombing and killing compared to the blessings they themselves have been given Ramadan is a there it is Yes survivor right yet suck Ramadan is a special occasion because of the month of which the carara's that survivor Brooklyn in the month in which Caram was revealed of the people of Islam taught Tazlim Ali a teacher in Henderson community day school since he looks forward to the month of Ramadan Because it gives a chance to look back at the important things in life like rocking back and forth on that magic carpet when the sun goes down during Ramadan Many families break their fast food and elaborate enjoys meals by then everything taste sweeter by the end of the day when the sun goes down You can't believe how much you appreciate water. She said how do you like that throughout the month parallel being held at the low-dye Muslim mosque in popular and popper stream low-dye California isn't a local paper there because Right amount Ramadan is a time for people coming together the mosque welcome people who would like to join and celebrate And fairer so anybody go in there and get down on your hands and knees and rock back in pork just don't get your head do close to the Black dome in front of you. That's my best advice. Do the Muslims make you wear a doily like the Jews do when you go to temple I don't know I know somebody could use a good doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer Doer doer 15-5-60. Do you have any QAM a good doer Doer Doer Doer doer For years I've intended by dry concepts the best carpet thingy company around did you know that not only can they do a fantastic job under your carpeting Which I've done in my home for over 20 years now. They are absolutely the best But dry concepts can also save you hundreds maybe thousands of dollars by doing other sensational cleaning things for you Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning a post related furniture restoration Macris cleaning Oriental rugby any petroid treatment some water damage to Dry concepts can also clean and restore your talent grout quickly and officially Dry concepts professional staff is always coming up in the most advanced cleaning systems to do the best job for you And during this month during the month of October Be sure and take advantage of dry concepts Summer sizzling number two package and water damage special highly recommended by Troy Strampford by the way Dry concepts from carpet themed to talent grout cleaning the only place you brought to think about calling no Reposs no scams no BS or written guaranteed price every time you 40 start to work and then an Unparalleled spectacular job every time and they brought in the palm reaches call dry concepts tool 3 1800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 507 run around the wicked web. It's dry concepts.com 516 Stay Are you sure at five six oh Prieth You That's how heroic wild people drown you play the round of relaxing golf flow He was on vacation, I already used a bucket of kibble keys That's half a dead dog Oops, 10 no one cash, do we even prepare for the worst scenario? You were the world as you have inferred in fashion no no You're in best to gauge at a later date, that's real bullshit So being a situation wants that That you get locked up so we don't continue But no one will get blamed like with agent playing no hedge will roll Not far, and as for this if you slap on a wrist and no charge his file What a surprise Since you're a liar no one gets fired with each new nest so No money, under death toll a swift in the polls That's no problem, oh no fix it Your spin the she will deal with new world leaves Cause that's dare job as for usual Son of a bush, she is a foot in your tusk You're all in hell We just don't understand you got blood in your hands but what no rainbow I'm a problem, so you made it up You're a bit too low, girl, but as you have no shame Oh, shame, what's that? And what's with that smirk? You stupid jerk when people have died, oh Son of a bich you should be a bitch and we're being prone to Do a solve a favor and get them Fuck out, you're here Yeah, I guess Oh, double y'all And what come from politics is clear that it's all on my mind All they died in the lazy And I raised gas for the T-O-P Oh god, Trina, don't put no blame on me And I come from my vacation for a photo of her too many Swing your partner around and round Now build those slumms in the war with Stout And turn to the west to the rack, here we go Sight little mud out, those she don't Oh god, Trina, like a nosky Don't say hi, there's person the easy and authentic Thanks for care, Raki And that thing baby, we'll care but only you'll just keep living Most people thought of religion because of brainwashing 294, fear of death to 61 Weakness these for a crush 257 Stupidity When I'm at about 65 One in a longer club, 53, like a common sense 39 We leave even fairy tales, 26 You're fairy Yoke 25 and most people are sheep too and then of course they're those who like Bye bye