Right now we go to Neil. How can you go on Friday morning when the first game of Tuesday night? Well we won't be covering that one. Well why not? That's the only important one. I don't think it is. That's some pretty good games this week and actually. My opinion the important one is Thursday night. I could be wrong about that. Hope one in the England. And by the way, how do you rehearse to answer it? I'm not going to say it's the one. Well really well actually she didn't break. She didn't get out of the gate. She rushed up and took the lead. Yeah. She was ahead by a couple of lanes but she ran that first quarter in twenty one and changed. Oh twenty one. How long was it? Five or six for long. Oh two fast two and what was she rushed up because she was left in the gate. But she showed speed. So you know the whole document used to go twenty one and four at Calder. She'll run again in two weeks. Low the Dutchman. Yeah. And Cherry Pop. Where's Bob Sabbid? You used to say Cherry Cat. He's a guy Bob Sabbid. He's well, that's by the way, and speaking of dead-brained dead people. Gazing you're on two AM. You don't have any national guards in them because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. That's the National Guard. Not the National Guard. So National Guard in Iraq? There's no National Guard at no. Actually there were 5,000 members of the U.S. Yan and National Guard alone in Iraq. 30% of the National Guard is in Iraq. And this man, this mole wrong, goes on the year. And then he proceeded on Thursday. I was just sitting here doing, you know, my stories for the website. And I kept the audio one and I couldn't believe it. I just couldn't believe it. Anyone who were right about the rest of the world is want to help us and work. We're always helping out everybody else. Castro has sixteen hundred doctors and twenty four tons of food that he wanted to send. A ran off for a decenemy. Even the unlikelyest places in the world. Sixty countries in all have offered a send. And of course the government was assessing. Condoleezza Thursday, who came back from a vacation. Tuesday night she was busy yucking up in New York at the money Python play. Seeing the laughing and yucking up. And then Thursday she finally makes a grand appearance and says, well, we haven't decided yet we're still evaluating these offers. And it means time while people are dying and drowning. Condoleezza you sell out you bitch. But nevertheless, the world is time-spick a young, which is public. I have their editor-up, by the way, right here. Yeah, fire or get, get rid of everybody at FEMA. Yeah. Well, there is no more FEMA. And of course the bottom line, I don't care what anybody says. The bottom line is George Bush does okay about black people. Yeah, that's not his base. That's not his constituency. It doesn't give a crap. And he's people on the media. I'm going to tell you, Lou Dobbs needs to be a tarden feather. He's needs to be run out of Atlanta on a rail. He's a Nazi. He's path you can and drag is what he is. Do you ever watch Lou Dobbs? No. Don't. I don't like them. And of course this business about well, you know, the idea of people politicizing this, I got an article here, why in house and act of plan to ease the political damage, you know what really frosted me more than anything else? Yeah, more concerned about their own damage control. That's right. That's exactly right. Well, piss me off. So bad is he finally shows his ass up on air when's the or Thursday? You know, he goes to Mississippi and he's got his fat-faced buddy haily barber there, good old boy. And then, you know, he does his fly over. He did the fly over over Lou's in it. You know, dare touch down anywhere except a small corner of the airport where they'd be safe. And then he finally goes in Mississippi to talk in Velocce. I guess that was the second trip. And now it's a photo off. Exactly. He's out. He's in Ellis. He is Mike. This is a thing. It would be one thing if we just saw the visuals of him. They're comforting the people and putting on his phony act. But he is Mike for the event. Why didn't they just hold him a big sign this is hey, if you had any doubts, it's just a photo off don't worry. He doesn't really mean it. You know, and he's hugging these young black kids and these other people. Oh, you so sorry. You look, you know, with a microphone like we have to hear it. Like, gee, we want to make sure everybody understands how compassionate his Nazi is. Man, did that piss me off. I've never less. I think he was really good. Jack Cafferty was great on CNN. He was going a fschmit man. He went nuts. And even Anderson Cooper, who ordinarily sends me straight to the pooper, Anderson Cooper pushed up. It was pretty good. It's screaming in the young. They were great. How about, uh, how about Robert Pat Robertson? Yeah, with his, uh, his whole deal about which others? No. He wants to have the, uh, his Christian network or whatever it is now. Brown is a good idea. They all drown. That's an thing. He's got some fun raise of thing where, uh, after all the things he said earlier now, oh, yeah, they want to make the big contract. Wait, you know, the diamond mines in Liberia didn't work out too well. And all the other deals he had there in Africa didn't work out too well financially for him. So maybe he's a little bit strapped right now. So I'll send him some money. Not. I thought it's just amazing. There was another, there was a few months ago we put it on our website, the Power of Nightmares documentary of BBC documentary that aired here on a CBC. So last that I'm channel surfing and I was lucky enough to discover 10 o'clock. There was, uh, there was a first part to that power nightmares that goes back to the whole history of Erwin, of Crystal and Wolf Woods and Richard Perl and Reagan and, and Crazy Bill Casey was that rectum the CIA who was crazy and then a bed bug. And how they made up all of this crap about the Soviet Union and about all these weapons that they were supposedly, uh, devising which didn't exist at all. And about how the whole neocon movement took as foot soldiers, all these religious thoughts and how they like join forces together. Now, of course, they're running the country. It's so talking about, you know, Islamic extremist religious fanatics in the meantime, which wrong with America, is, uh, other religious fanatics, crazy people. People are used to be considered on the fringes of St. Society and on the outer fringes, now they're running the country. This is, uh, this is the strajist for the war of war of war of war of war of war. I'm like, I'm like, fire of a bush that more on opening up her mouth this morning saying, Oh, well, these people in Houston at the astrid home, this is going to be a step up for many of the many of these poor people. This is going to be a step up, like boy, aren't they lucky? Didn't they hit the jackpot and win the lot of people? That's all. Living up for the astrid home. Right. Exactly. This is a step up. What a shot that is that miserable light here, bitch, Martha Washington and Drag. You nasty bitch. You slut. But nevertheless, you were saying, I wasn't. Well, doesn't take much to give me work up these days. I'll tell you just I'm so pissed off about this crap. So this is graceful. It's just, uh, and Anna's there still is that 43 to 46% of the country, you know, my Bush could come to their house and take a dump right under dining room table in the middle of dinner and they'd say, man, that's the best mill and crap I ever smelt in my life. And there's just no way to get through to these people. He's the dumb president for the dumb half of America. And boy, he's got them, uh, is he got them horns waggled? No passion in the man whatsoever. None. Or several passions. That's why I'd have whole fully this compassionate conservative my ass. You know, Hitler would be proud. Just unbelievable. Meanwhile, that's city. I mean, you read the things that, well, the deputy police chief said, we had no city. We have no jobs. Right. I mean, you talk about hopelessness. Right. It's just just the worst. I mean, it is then Michael Scherdoff, who is far as I'm concerned, he ought to be hung from my history. They can find he comes on a year on Thursday afternoon and he's amazed that there are all these people with the convention center. This is the first he heard about it. And I'm thinking of myself, anybody over there at Homeland Security got a TV set. You jacked ass, you invested, you lunatic. First thing to about all those starving people with the convention center, who were, uh, had no food and water for four days. The vice president has also been on vacation. Oh, yeah, he's on permanent vacation. George Bush, two days before he left his vacation home. I want you to think about this. I was just saying to George, think about this carefully. You remember back when our fat ass governor was stirring up all the crap with, with Terry Shivo and then her, uh, to roll that. Yes, of course. In almost instantly, Congress came rushing back from recess. They all convened the past that would turn out to be illegal Terry Bill, what have been hell that was. And then Bush came rushing back from corporate Texas to Washington, the side of the very next day. Remember that? Yep. Now Congress says, well, uh, early in the week last week, they're saying, well, maybe we can get back at a time by Friday, which at that time was four days later. Maybe we can get back by Friday. And of course, like you said, Bush, you know, and in fact, on Tuesday, he wasn't back yet. He was busy doing a political speech in San Diego on Tuesday. Yeah, I mean, this is, I mean, if ever there was a crisis, right, and where is everybody? Yeah. And she's at Maddie Python, Broadway, Life and Arasov, kind of leaves a toothy night while her people into World War II are drowning. 10,000 dead. No, that's what they, they have got to clue it could. That's what that's what that's 10,000. That's what they're estimating. Could be more, have any idea. Could be more. Could, it's going to, it's going to make the number of dead from 9, 11 pale and one significance. They're saying there's over a thousand dead in Beluxi, alone. They got about 200 official count that they said based on, you know, the people along, along the griddle and recost. And since you and I discussed this last week, the thing about those floating casinos, the, wasn't that brilliant that Haley Barber now, that fat ass, the fat-faced idiot, says, well, I guess I'll be sure to sign it. Now, we're going to pass the law so that they don't have to put the casinos out there floating on the, you know, in the water, they're taking him on land, Jason to the hotels. All those casinos that, you know, picked up by the wind and just, uh, recall kinds of damage there in Beluxi. That's only just, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No jobs. If it's just a mean, you know, water made any sense to have to have those underwater in the first place. And I'll see everything in America now, including in Florida, has to be geared to the right wing religious crazy people. You know, let him take South Carolina and sign, they can take North and South Dakota and Wyoming for my part and they can form their own stinking country. All these diseases, Christ, your man, all these crazy people. You know, a lot of people and, you know, you wonder how you don't forget George Busch doesn't care about black people. Right. And you wonder how our cities are going to absorb, you know, the people who are basically refugees right now. Oh, don't say that. I can't say that, huh? evacuees. I know. I can't wait to know what it's going to be. Right. Well, no, the media's been calling them refugees. refugee is somebody from another country that we take, not even over the shot. Refugees, if they're seeking refuge, what are they? evacuees. Oh. You better get with it, Mr. I know. I got a call from a friend of mine who's, uh, you're going to have some more time off pretty soon. Who's a big time Democrat. I just says, oh, you can't call him refugees. It's, uh, and, and, uh, what are they? They're evacuees. They're evacuees. They're evacueating. And believe me, there was a lot of it. Oh, and then that's another thing. Well, then that worst please. I know that we have a CNN bureau in Miami. Would you please take some more distant shots if you have to show the, the water being funneled out of the city, you know, they're draining the water. That's fine. It's nice to see that big pipe there. The water is going into a lake, Pontia, train, that's great. But we don't need to see it. We'll close up in person. We don't say it's getting a little browner and browner by the minute. I don't think we need to see that. God, they sick that the people in the media men are just the grave robbers. They're lunatics. Exploiders are the worst kind. On the other hand, thank God we're not a part of it. That's a sure. We're working QAM. I'm just trying to figure out how to, they're going to fix the microphone in here, which has been broken now for a year. Well, George was telling me about his excitement yesterday, working on Labor Day that the audio vault cracked out. Yeah, complaining spots. Then they went in the control when I when cracked that. It just got so few minor technical problems. We're missing today is a cough button that works and the microphone that keeps falling down. And by the way, who is that? Who is the guy that does the color on you? Yes, P.N. with boob. Yes, they do you see in the Marlon game? So, a book Martinez is that the guy I didn't watch the Marlon game on you. This man, he never took up a breath. He never took up breath. I'm sure hope boob isn't getting paid by the word because he couldn't set 100 words. I only watched an inning or two, but this guy thought, thought, thought, he never took a breath. This is part of the scoop of flying of America man. What's happening to sports casting is it used to be the color guy would interject a few words when there was a pause in the action. Now the color guy in too many cases, he just never shuts up. Thought, thought, thought, you know, I'd like to need spotpan on a pantergames. It's just pathetic. I think it's book Martinez. I know his name is Buck. It wasn't Buck's shoulder. Was it? No, Buck's shoulder is managing. Okay. So, it's Buck Martinez, man. I'm going to tell you something. If I had a couple of bucks, I'd like to break his neck. In fact, Boog ought to be, I mean, he just ought to be, yeah, I'm not saying going to say he's just a kid. He's just getting his feet wet. They're on ESPN, but I mean, he didn't have a chance to say anything. I'm glad you both didn't see it. Georgia, but didn't see it either. Georgia was watching a game yesterday. It's a spiral for it. Oh, I got a great article here. It's going to really piss on my stupid football fans off about the fact that the game on last night's game, which from what I see, it might as well have been called off about the people about how they had to evacuate the hotels from Tallahassee, kick out the this storm evacuees from the hotel so they can make way for the football fans. That's really good. I thought they said they weren't going to do that. And I guess what they did. Wow. And when you went online, because it was actually in your favorite newspaper in the world, because they went online and it said that the rooms available. And nobody were calling the guess what? No such rooms. No room at the end. Because that's face it. What's more important? Saving people who are desperate and homeless and they just came from almost drowning or some stupid as college football game. Yeah, well, you got to make money when you can't of course. Yeah, that's right. There you go. Yeah. See, American FM way, man. I had seen a story last week that said that they were going to instruct the hotels not to do that. Yeah. And apparently it they'll do it. They can't get a bus, you know. Yeah. All right. Because let's face it when you're going to your evacuees, you probably don't have an awful lot of cash. See, people don't realize, I mean, you know, it's not like these people who go to an ATM and give money. Or they can't give money. Even if they had a credit card, there's no ATM's working. There's no electricity. There's no nothing. How long do you think it's going to take before that city functions again? At all. How many years? Yeah. About 30 minutes. Long time. Yeah. Long long time. Because I would say about half of those people probably won't go back. You remember after Andrew South Day, how many people just led? They'd moved up to Broward or Palm Beach or just left to stay. They did, then they never came back. That's for sure. And why couldn't they got 364 city buses in New Orleans. Okay. Friday when they saw category five coming, which at that time, they thought was going to go right toward downtown New Orleans. It finally went off to the east a little bit. But they're first the initial tracking. Look like it was going to take it erected. The last place you'd put people would be in the super dome because that would be in the direct path of the herd. The eye of the storm number one. And number two, 360-4 city buses and they had a mandatory evacuation order. Okay. Why not take those buses into every part of the city and take those people out and they didn't have to take them to Houston because all I had to do was take them to where was going to be dry land because the storm surge didn't go to flooding didn't go even on the other side of the downtown, on the other side of the lake. It's dry as a bone. You know, even the freight going to put them anywhere, or they could have been say, apparently the flooding in the French quarter wasn't as bad as it was in the rest of the city. Correct. I mean, what kind of evacuation planning was there, huh? That's our government at work. Yeah. That's your government and action man. The Congress, the President's FEMA, which basically doesn't exist, Michael Scherdoff, he ought to be on death row right now, man, and blow, but I'd be glad to pull this switch. Well, your horse will be okay next time. Have a good day, Neil. And maybe a surprise. Don't calm down. You're at your best. See you on Thursday. And next week, it's back to five days for me. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm going to go in the training. See you Thursday. Enjoy. Bye. Joy's Bus doesn't care about black people. No. New Orleans thought it had been fair of the worst. And then two major levies row can slowly the city filled with water. The city that fiscal low sea level is now under the official that to make it 80% of New Orleans is now underwater. The governor's been asking for everybody to stay as prayer. I think we could probably do that for our friends. And I love one of that. I'm sorry, but don't you know me. I'm a native star. I'm a train. I'm a city of New Orleans. I've begun by my own name. Last night we began this broadcast saying Katrina was bad. Very bad. Last night we didn't know the half of it. We are still learning just how bad. What I saw today is a equivalent to what I saw flying over the tsunami in Malaysia. There are places that are no longer there. Nice job. I'm the everything is flooded. Everything all is there right there is people being evacuated. We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending aids to one another. Public conference and rescue teams lifting people one by one hundreds and all for rooftop. We're hearing lots of stories like that. People insisting one another. Just prayer for them and for not just so many other people about that. You know we're picking up the pieces. The night I asked for your prayers for all those you breathe. Hurricane Katrina has brought out some of mankind's very best. I asked the American people to join me in saying a prayer for the victims in their families. God bless. I'm dying out of here. This is new runners. This is by 62 days. But doesn't care about black people. Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvys and my for news. And the Johnson from Chicago, Illinois went to Spain to attend a bullfight. Afterwards, he went to a nearby restaurant in order to specialty of the day. The waiter brought him two balls on a huge plate, which the tourist ate with relish. The next day, Andy goes to the same restaurant. Once again, orders the specialty of the day and his brought two large balls on a huge plate. And it tastes grumscious. The third day Andy goes to the same restaurant and the fourth to say, but on the fifth day Andy goes to the restaurant and orders the specialty of the day and they bring him two very small balls on a giant plate. Andy says, well, what gifts are the waiter says in your deep bullfighter? Does it always win? Paul Harvys. Good day. 20 after 10 at 5, 16, WQA and happy Tuesday to us in September 6. Are we happy or what? All of us protect it. Rain and again in South Florida, they got their big disturbance. They're off the coast. Just mention that in passing. Sunny here, man. It is beautiful. There's not a cloud in sky. Like about 73 or 40 days. I just don't want you to feel bad. Thurgus, pull yesterday. How would you rate the federal reaction to a hurricane Katrina? I would have my own choice said put on here and I certainly couldn't use any of the words on the air. No. Primarily negligent. That's how I voted. Yeah. That's the understanding of the century. Absolutely, totally unacceptable. And un- Relatable. In Buries suddenly saw 125, pitiful 93, racially complacent 41, excellent 14. Excellent 14. A appropriate 14, who cares 12 is good as any nation 8. So there's like let's see 500 or some point. About 9% right there, people need to be rounded up and put in camp. Okay, well, sending a camp. Well, every now and much, you have an ice shower. It will be a good Yeah, well, no, that's still good. Plus we don't want to. Those people have already had enough grief. The ones that are there. We don't want to put these people there with them. What? We need to step up. Come on, you forget. Well, that's right. I forgot. But Bands' voice said, it's just step up for a lot of these people. They ought to be pleased with Ponds. They get ponds. Something I'd like to see her as drowning there into warlings would just that white hair floating above the top of the water. You know? That's freight wiggers. Nasty, hateful, a lettuce man, the whole bush family, a bunch of snobbs. I don't know what can go through it. I can't see it. Right? We should go see it. No. Here's our food today because of the pathetic hurricane. I had a fact this there more than once. I wonder why we're at the top of that one more time. One more time. You know, that's more like it. No, no, no, no, no. I just, I just got to play out one more time. Gazing you're on QM. I don't have any national cards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard in Iraq. That doesn't national guard. No, of course not. Yeah, sticks to your ball games. Okay, moment. Stick to something you might know something about again, I underline might. More on. Because of the pathetic hurricane response, who needs most urgently to resign or be fires? Are there a pool question today? To me, it's a miracle. Nobody's gotten fired yet. And all this business about all to be plenty of time for finger pointing. Why? What is the appropriate time? You know, they're going to get metal. What is the, yeah, just like what's his name Paul Brimmer? No, that great time. We didn't Iraq. He'll be hit a FEMA, Michael Brown. Oh, that I'm sorry. It's bush said when he was there in the hangar, you know, and they were all like sucking up, you know, a haily marbur. Mickey Brown, Mickey Brown, doing a fine job. Mickey Brown. Seriously, when I see bush, I just want a vomit. I just I do my blood starts curing them. They had a FEMA, Michael Brown. Mickey, no question. You ought to be fired, but I hear it. Head of Homeland Security, Michael Chirtoff, who only discovered Thursday that all those thousands of best would unfed the starving and the parks people at the convention center were there. Oh, he didn't know not about it. He didn't know not. Michael Chirtoff, he ought to be executed on national television. Okay, just to make sure it doesn't happen again. Homeland Security, my ass. Almost makes you wish for a whole time, where did you know it? Almost. George W. Bush, well, he's leading, of course. Should have been impeached long ago, long before this disaster. In fact, if a word for that other disaster, that Iraq attack, we probably would have had enough guardsmen and enough troops to be able to handle this thing, pronto, if they cared. What are you talking about? They're not a mayor of New Orleans, Ray Nagan. Well, you know, he's got his own issues like I said about the buses and many other things, boats. Right. Yeah, I want to tell him, he's serious flooded like that. Now how many boats? How many thousand boats? How many, 30,000 boats there in New Orleans? It's a coastal town. Everybody in there brothers got more than 50, said, got a boat. Plus they have a coast guard, got a, everybody's got rescue boats. You would think, wouldn't you? Yeah. They have those amphibious vehicles. They got shrimp boats. Shimp boats, is it coming? Thank God, they found fat stomoro by the way. Nice, got fat, a family, the LSU quarterback. Ray Nagan, Governor Louisiana, Kathleen Blanco, who was doing her best. She was biting her tongue so hard yesterday. I thought the blood was going to come as for it. Now then she finally lost it this morning. Not totally, but a little bit, when, uh, soly dead, uh, with it, with at the bun, she's got now at actually military captain. I was soly that I got a hand it to her. I'll be fair. She's been done pretty good last few days. She started to butcher up again like a real reporter like a real journalist. I didn't notice. Wolf Blitz here in which, and Lou Dobbs, I'm going to tell you right now if Lou Dobbs would die right now it would be the happiest moment of my life. If somebody would come with a gigantic spear, and just spear him to where his heart is supposed to be, he is happy with cannon without a heart. He's just, he's a Nazi man. Lou Dobbs. You people are seeing it in a hangier heads in shame. Oh, nobody, they all did fine or all of you above now, Pronto's subito. How do you say that in the espamule? I guess Pronto. Right. Subito, Italiano. So we got something there for everybody. 284 hosts already. That's pretty dang good, you know? We got a shout of 300. Because of the pathetic work here, we sponsor these to be most urgently resigned or be fired, George W. Bush 86. All of the above. Now Pronto, subito 78. Head of FEMA, Vicky Brown, 65. Vicky Brown. Wait, when he said that, I just, I can't describe my feelings. I just, I'm just feeling a revulsion and disgust. Does that downtown, Mickey Brown? Downtown, Mickey Brown. Head of Homeland Security, Michael Churdoff, who I have is head Churdoff, 21. We're just chopped off. Mayor of New Orleans, 15. Governor Louisiana, 12. Poor Kathleen. Nobody, they all did fine, seven. That's got to be a joke in it. Wasn't a, do we have to pray that that's just a joke, don't we? Nobody. They all did just fine. Yeah, it was a great joke. Lou Dobs and we'll split. We don't have any yet, but they should. They should. Just an absolute American disgrace. I got about 7,000 article. I'm sure we're going to call her to here today, but we'll get to them or not. I got my own agenda, you know what I'm saying? Good, my homosexual agenda. Yes. 26 after 10, don't forget, you can leave a sense of money. The American Red Cross or Pat Robertson, maybe who used the money for an assassination squad on Hugo Chavez. When you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit is what it's all about. And do what I always do get over to Brandy soon for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes. Brandy's curious a humongous election just about every major brand, rock ports, floor shine, echo, mafisto, SES, new balance, all the other top names in his shoe business. And Brandy's professionals who fit, as I'll make sure you've got a customized video favorite comfort shoe. Just ask for Arnie, he'll make sure you get the perfect fit every time at the right price. And a brandy's chances are you're never going to hear, no, sorry, we don't have that style in your size because whatever style you like, right on a shelf, they got a ready for you to slap on your feet. The pros and brandy's understand fit and comfort and ready specializes in wide widths too. Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere. So take care of those two things for comfort style, fit, value and selection. It's brandy's shoes 12 90 North Federal Highway, Pompano Beach open daily till 9 Sundays till 5 in this week. It's Brandy's Red Tag sale by one red tag item. Get a second red tag item. A vehicle for Luzzer Radio at a half price that's red tag say it again. Come into the store this week for sure if a red tag say or do your shoe shopping on our website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is New Roger's. This is 5.62. Porn 2 am. I don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a rack right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. No national guard in the rack. That's not the national guard at now. We didn't see our guard. He's one of those hard criminals. That's right. Shude, Tussie might be incoherent. It's smoking all those big fat ones. 10 32 at 5 60 WM. What's that schedule I'll talk to you. Well we got the mole man at the to the mole on it too. It's so out of touch with what's happening in the world. Well I guess when you live in Bokus easy. Mad Dog at 4 60 got your Marlins on deck. Marlins had watched and played the Nats after a bad start to that series yesterday 7.05. Any kid 10. Bokus hobby should he should do the same thing to Bok Martinez that most people like to do to Michael Churdo. You know what I'm saying? What are our and feathers a good start? Transport and other logistics problems are holding off some of the massive humanitarian aid that European countries have offered to the big. That was another thing what was waiting about is that the rest of the world doesn't want to help us. Nobody's helping. Right. We've only had like 7,000 countries trying this way to send help. Although we got a lot of red tape in bureaucracy holding those to the top. Including all those. Let's see. Well we get to the cancer of story. Just amazing. Most by the way the same doctors that was okay to send them to Southeast Asia after the tsunami then it was finally the tremendous job there. The same first he started with 1100 doctors then he up to 1580 some of and now but it would be pretty much a lot. We're still evaluating and contemplating. Well people are dying of course. They got to. He says we're considering what's politically up in the end. There are a period to be some transportation problems. Barbara Healtherwite a spokesman for the European Union's executive commission told news briefing. She said a Swedish plane laden with aid was waiting to take off and hadn't gotten US approval to enter the USA. High speed pumps offered by Germany had arrived but health effects on specified coordination problems in the USA prevented them from being deployed so far. A. She said EU authorities had suggested the US that aid could be flown in more easily by US Army air bases in Europe such as that in ramged the Germany. She didn't say if they received a reply. Ramged that. That's where they take all the soldiers who are dying and have no body parts that we never hear about. Duff. 23 European countries have offered it help the US ranging from financial assistance. This is just in Europe. From financial assistance to ready to eat meals, blankets, tents and disinfectants, supplies. Healtherwite said the US had not agreed to take it all and Britain which currently holds the presidency of the EU was negotiating with the US authorities on much of the level. Well, we're contemplating what they could about it. The EU were NATO said on Sunday they'd received off official request on the US to provide emergency assistance for victims of Katrina. Days after ramged US cities, they only got the request on Sunday. Follow that? No. Almost a week after. The Commission said at the time that the request to it came after several days of discussions and insisted that the EU which calls itself the world's biggest aid donor could have acted sooner if asked. Oh, emphasis, mine of course. Could have acted sooner or fast. Would they ask? Oh, did they act sooner? No. It is so criminal. And of course we've got these people in the media. Oh, let's not make this into a political thing. Let's not point fingers. And of course they got bubble. Who many is alone when he's out of the shadow of Papa Bush. He actually says, well, we let the people down. It was really. And then when soon as Papa Bush comes in, he'd given that evil eye and right away, well, now's not the time. Later, you know, everybody knows not the time. When will be the time? How many thousand people? How many thousand bodies do we have to find before we find the time that something of our wrong? Not turning thousand. The times, Tiki, you newspaper of New Orleans, printed this at a tour of the Sunday edition, criticized in the federal government's response to the hurricane Katrina and calling on every female official to be fired at it. And they are absolutely absolutely correct. Here it is. And now did we actually put the Michael Moore letter, why not? Because I know I sent it to you, Josh, or maybe you didn't put it on the idea. Oh, because people are fasting and it was on Arizona, our website. We're on top of the man. We got our thumb on it. Anyway, the time's picking on open letter of the president, the commissioner president. We heard you loud and clear Friday when you visited our devastated city in the Gulf Coast and said, what is not working? We're going to make it right. Please forgive us if we wait to see proof of your promise before believing you, but we have good reason for our skepticism. The envil built New Orleans where he built it for one main reason. It's accessible. The city between the Mississippi River and Lake Ponte, Katrina was easy to reach in 1718. How much easier is the access in 2005 not that there are interstates and bridges, airports and helipads, cruise ships, barges, buses, diesel powered trucks? Despite the city's multiple points of interior nations bureaucrats spend days after last week's hurricane ringing their hands, lamenting the fact that they could need the rescue the city's stranded victims to bring them food water and medical supplies. Anybody ever hear of air drop? You know, by the way, just interject us. Two days after the tsunami, we were air dropping food and water into victims over there. Two days did you see six minutes? No, they're showing how locally with the hours they had rescue crews in there. They had the, you know, the billboards for the missing people with an hours after the tsunami and they didn't expect that at all. Right. Well, that's because my churroff, you know, I end the Mickey Brown, and then what was going on? Meanwhile, the article says that we're journalists including some who work for the Times Pickey, and going in another city via the Crescent City Connection. On Thursday morning, that cruisaw Caravan of 13 Wal-Mart tractor trailers hit into town to bring food water and supply to the dying city. Tellers and reporters were doing live reports from downtown New Orleans streets, Harry Connick Jr. brought in some aid through the, and his efforts with the focus of aid to the issue of story Friday morning. Yet, the people trained to protect our nation, the people whose job is to quickly bring aid in were absent. Those who should have been deploying troops were singing a sad song about how our city was impossible to reach. We're angry Mr. President, we'll be angry long after our beloved city and surrounding purses have been pumped dry. Our people deserved rescuing. Many who could have been were not, and that's the government shame. Where Mayor Array Nagan did the right thing Sunday, when he allowed those with no other alternative to seek shelter from the storm inside the Superdom. We still don't know what the death toll is, but one thing is certain had the Superdom not been open. The cities that told would have been much higher, until maybe even the next financially higher. It was clear to us by late Monday morning that many people inside the Superdom would not be returning home. It should have been clear to our government, Mr. President, so why weren't they evacuated out of the city immediately? We learned seven years ago when Hurricane George's threat method dome isn't suitable as a long-term shelter. So what did state and national officials think would happen to tens of thousands of people trapped inside with no air conditioning, overflowing toilets, and wind liggamons of food water and other essentials. State representative Karen Carter was right Friday, when she said the city didn't have but two urgent needs, buses and gas. Every official at FEMA should be fired, director Mickey Brown especially. And I actually tell him I interviewed Thursday 90, said his agency hadn't known until that day that thousands of storm victims were stranded at the Ernest and Memorial Convention Center. He gave another naturally tell him I did interview the next morning and said, we provided food to the people at the Convention Center so that they've gotten at least one of not two meals every single day. Lies don't get more bulk-faced in that, Mr. President. Yet when you met with Mr. Brown Friday morning to told him, you're doing a heck of a job, Mickey Brown. That's un-feelable. Failure. There were thousands of people at the Convention Center because the Riverfront is high ground. The fact that so many people that reached their own food is proof that rescue vehicles could have gotten there too. We who are from New Orleans are no us American to those who live in the Great Plains or along the Atlantic Sea board. We're no less important to know some of the Pacific Northwest or Appalachia. Our people deserve to be rescued. No expensive and spare, no excuses should have been voiced, especially now on its preposterous as the climate in New Orleans couldn't be reached. Mr. President, we sincerely hope you fulfill your promise to make our beloved communities work right once again. When you do, we'll be the first to applaud. Total off, baby. Total off. She's got the microphone, go on. He's got the Carl Roe there right in his hands to make sure he's got all the right talking points. All right, story lines. Give me a break, okay. And half of this country can't see through this crap. What have you got blinders out? Are you like more runs? Are you in the cells? Is that what it is? Oh. Here's a fat one. Get all whipped up to a frenzy man. But I've been holding it in. To late Rick says, I can't believe this Cuba, Iran, Venezuela, that's why Cuba Chavez offered it. Canada, country you think would celebrate our misfortune or offering help. In the form that they can, Mr. Bush, this is not the time for pride. Unfortunately, do your fiscal responsibility. We need to help and need it. Now take whatever precautions you need to and accept the offer being the helping offered. If Venezuela can help us with oil and gasoline, why not accept it? If they have engineers that can help bring our refineries back online or running at 100% quicker, what's the harm? All of them would wouldn't have to pay four dollars a gallon for gas, which believe me, that's coming very soon to a gas station near you. Six bucks in Atlanta already. Thank you Mr. President, by the way, for those great low bargain basement gas prices. Fixing cuts, bruises and broken bones and giving a shorter to cry on, doesn't take a US train doctor. Iran has we find it with engineers to also help bring in our railroad refineries and our platforms back online. By the way, those engineers were trying the US universities. Mr. Bush, I plead in big you not to let pride get in the way of that. Have the help we desperately need, it says here Rick. I used to like the Bishop T. Day TD Jakes. But when I saw him being used as the token black man by the Bush administration for photo op purposes only, it really pissed me off. I made Christian full of not watching me again. How do you like that? Even the Goyam are getting to you. Come down Rick. What do you say about that? Yeah, Mickey Brown. Down town, Mickey Brown. That's a good name. I like that. Down town. That's what we got to send him down town. Especially where the water is at the highest level there, you know? Don't drown Mickey Brown, but if you happen to, no loss. 19 before 11, if you've got a hair loss. Hair about black people. Good morning. We must begin by recognizing an essential fact. The poverty is one of the great moral achievements of American government. If we in government take our responsibility seriously, the shortfalls will grow larger with each passing year. And we must tap into the problems and pass them on the future presidents and future generations. The American people voted for reform in 2004 and now they expect just to work towards bankruptcy down the road. I came to Washington to the slow economic growth. I look forward to working with members of Congress on this important issue. Together we will make certain that American needs is deepening long-term problem. And most Americans are bankrupt. Thank you for listening. He's working on it. Okay, because we're not part of his base. You understand that. And these people have been drowning and dying in the run and run and stension. They're not part of his base either. So what can I say? All those people that were on the highways, you know, going to high ground, they were on the expressways, waiting and waiting and waiting. All those people, the convention center in the super domain of festering heat and humidity when mosquitoes and big is bowling balls. Oh, I help us on the way. Help us on the way. And I understand your plan. And I see and I understand that I'm there coming. They're coming. Yeah, you know what? So is new years. So as next morning, so this is coming. Okay? I think that's an October. Probably so this is coming faster than the relief. And now they're talking about all the great heroism. Fine. That's great. Postcard to give him the, what they had. They didn't have a job. But I still say it would have been nice to see and they held a lot more boats picking people up out of those houses than those guys risking their lives dropping out of the choppers, you know, right? Maybe go call me crazy. Wait, there's water. Huh? You're crazy. Okay. Well, you ask, wouldn't be the first time. How many QAAM? Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. Hey, quick one. You know, talking about my mother-in-law yesterday and she says, you know, if you see all those, the divers flowed around over in New Orleans and I said, what do you mean the divers? Okay, great. That's humorous. I don't get it. When the groundwater starts coming out of that big tube, think about it. Okay. He's, he's funny. Don't understand. He's a typical softboard. I'm more than man. He's a simple dude. So you're right. I am crazy. That's why it's what they call. You're right. Come any QAAM? Hello. You're right. WQAM? Hello. This is not perfect. This is what we got. This is what we got. After all these days, I'm thinking since Thursday, but when I get back on to these people are going to let out a flood of anger when hustling and the MP owed and with up to a frenzy and it's just exactly what you get. Not actually now, I'm inclined to take more of these now. Now, I'm kind of like a muse. 560, 056, the land of indifference in fact, look at that nobody ought to be fired. They all did fine. We got 11 votes on that. That is the best. They all did just great. WQAM? Hello. Oh, they don't. Hey, you. Thank you. You're a judge of which things that that phrase was. This part of the world, he doesn't say was a matter. He was saying people are hurting a good thought of the world. How dumb can you be, man? Well, I'll take a look at him and then you figure out the answer. WQAM? Hello. Good morning, are you? Okay. I'm sorry. I was a little long when he turned that down. He gave me a window. I was so amazed last week to hear it shirt off the homeless security director telling people that he had no ideas. There were people in the super domental Thursday. No, I'm in a convention center. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm in the comments. They're right. Meanwhile, that was what they announced on Sunday. So, in other words, what you're saying is that no one in FEMA or the government in a television set. No, put any attention. No, they can't care less. No. They can't care less. They can't care less. Lies. Just like the times picking and said a ball face freaking lie. It's once it's one thing to not put the fact of merit, they don't care. And unfortunately, you and I walk know that there was people dancing a J. on set. I left Friday. He can't speak J. In a world with people getting rescued. Keep in mind that all this online security will craft was supposedly to protect us from a terrorist attack. This shows as clearly as could be that if we ever really had a major chemical or biological or heaven forbid nuclear attack, then this shows you what your government's cable of doing was is basically nothing. How about the wonderful, how about the wonderful new revelation that now we're going to make our new Supreme Court nominee the chief? Yeah. There's no experience at all that let's make him chief. Yeah, our V. I. The board again chief man who makes Scalia look like a liberal. So let's say what the public wanted me. I told them. I listen. I know you don't like to turn the show into political, but right now we all need to spend as much time as we can on fighting Roberts getting put in his chief. No, anything else? You all to even. Sir, listen to me. You've got two chances that happening none and less than none of us stop in America. Oh, stopping him. No. No, no, no, tell me. He's in. It's a done deal. 70 votes. Neil, my heart is that sounded as my heart break. See you at the board of mailing. Take care. Oh, there's Arlin, chief inspector. Senator first not live. No, it's him. It's a center for there's another one for you man. I built this, Dr. Fist. You see him a couple of times with a stethoscope around his neck while I was sure impressed. No. W to Q a m. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, there's one person that knows more about relief and and healthy my words. It's the jepster. And he's sitting three hours away for New Orleans. A sitin on his stand-ass with a pack-o daughter and his jewelry's fog and mouth out of you the wife. Okay, but he's still trying to stick that you back in the tear. You know, together. He's the one that should be shot. Well, let's see. Let's see if this thing works. Oh, I don't understand. That's great. Oh, God, it was good. Yeah, Tony, to take it off of them and take about 40,000. You get one that's really a little tickle your fancy. Speaking of passions, but fancy what? New York Times Bob Herbert writes a figure of leadership. Bush to New Orleans, dropped dead. These are the death of the chief justice, no, the phyranic efforts of panic to white hospitalitial advisors can can conceal the magnitude of the president's failure of leadership last week. The catastrophe in New Orleans billed up like howling winds of hell and was carried live and in color on television screens around the U.S. and around the world. The big easy, it turned into the big hurt and the colossal failure of George W. Bush to intervene powerfully and immediately to rescue tens of thousands of American citizens who were suffering horribly and dying in agony was there for all the world to see. Hospitals with definitely ill patients were left without power with ventilators that didn't work with flood water is rising on the lower floors and with corpses rotting in the corridors and stairwells. People are made to breathe on their own or with cancer or heart disease or kidney failure slipped into coma's and sank into their final sleep and front of helpless doctors and relatives. These were Americans in desperate trouble. The president didn't seem to notice. That and the stink of decay were all over the city. Corpse's were propped up in wheelchairs and on lawn furniture or left of decompose on sun-baked sidewalks. Some floated by and water fouled by human feces. These generates wrong the city shooting at rescue workers beating and robbing distraught residents and tourists, raping women and girls. The president of the richest, most powerful country in the history of the world didn't seem to notice. Viewers could watch diabetics going to insulin shock on national television and you could see babies with a pale vacant look of hunger that were more used to sing in dispenses from the third world. You could see their mothers dirty and hungry themselves weeping. Old critically old people were left to soil themselves and in some cases die like stray animals on the floor of an airport triage center. For days the president of the United States didn't seem to notice. He would have noticed if the majority of these strict confosers had been white and prosperous but they weren't. Most were black and poor and thus to George W. Bush administration still invisible. After days of winter and criticism from white and black Americans from conservatives as well as liberals from Republicans and Democrats, the president finally felt compelled to black however feebly. The course of criticism from nearly all quarters demanding that the president do something tells me that the nation as a whole is so much better than the administration. Mr. Bush finally flew south on a Friday and proved as if more profanated than he didn't get it. Instead of urgently focusing on the people who were stranded hungry sick and dying, he engaged in small talk reminiscing at one point about the days when he used to party in New Orleans and mentioning that Trent Laude had lost one of his houses but that would be replaced with a fantastic house and I'm looking forward to sitting on the porch. Mr. Bush's performance last week or rank is one of the worst ever by a president during a Darren National Emergency. What we witnessed is clearly as the overwhelming agony of the city of New Orleans was the dangerous incompetence and the staggering indifference to human suffering of the present and as a administration. And it is this incompetence and indifference to suffering, yes the carnage continues to mount an Iraq that makes it so hard to be optimistic about the prospects for the US over the next few years. At a time when effective innovative leadership is desperately needed to cope with matters of war and peace, terrorism and domestic security, the economic imperatives of globalization and the rising competition for oil, the US is being led by a man who seems oblivious to the reality of his awesome responsibilities. Like a boy being prepared for a second crack at a field exam, Mr. Bush has been meeting with his handlers to see what steps can be taken to minimize the political fallout from his latest demonstration of his aneptitude. But this isn't about politics, it's about confidence and when a president is so obviously cool as about matters so obviously important it means that the rest of us like the people that are smetted in New Orleans are in deep deep trouble and Bob Herbert you are. Absolutely correct. For in deep craft they be just like those people in the water they're in New Orleans man. We're up to crap up to our armpits. They stole out one but two elections and the public and the media sit back but if it's a bit of a bit of a part of times the ball game on. This is New Orleans. This is 562A. This is the New Orleans show. New Orleans thought it had been spared the worst and then two major levies broken slowly the city filled with water. The city that's just below sea level is now under sea. Officials have to make that 80% of New Orleans is now underwater. New governor has been asking for everybody to stay a prayer. I think we could probably do that for our friends. I love ones out there. Last night we began this broadcast saying Katrina was bad. Very bad. Last night we didn't know the half of it. We are still learning just how bad. What I saw it today is a equivalent. So what I saw flying over is the Naomi and Indonesia. There are places that are no longer there. That's a long city of New Orleans. Everything is just flooded. Everything. All of it is there right there. Some people being evacuated. We're hearing lots of stories of folks learning aid to one another. They're telecomters and rescue teams. Lifting people one by one hundreds and hundreds and all from rooftop. So we're hearing lots of stories like that. People insisting one another. Just pray for them and for not just them all the people down there. You know we're picking up the pieces. Good ball in the fair. This don't you know me. I'm your big star. I'm your train. They call me your new life. I'll be gone by a long time when the day is done. Tonight I ask for your prayers. All those who breathe. Turkey and Katrina has brought out some of the mankind's various best players. People join being a family for the victims and their families. God bless. George Bush doesn't care about black people. And she came on NBC in a peacock by the way. The peacock is molding that they edited that line out of the show. The middle of the list goes really ballsy man. You people that let's manage the news. And of course the problem was that he went off script. Everything has to be scripted and has to be approved by the third wife. The first wife. By the way, could you play that clean so that I can have it for tomorrow? Yes I can. How clean? Anytime. It's kind of a dirty show. 405 votes already. We got a shot at the thousand-gash court. Josh has looked up to a frenzy. That's right. Not. No. Well why not? Now do you meet your move down? Are you like doing a story? Yeah, how long did it go? I got it. Okay. But that's good. Oh yeah. Now is that like an ace inducer a trace? 405 votes on the pool because of the pathetic hurricane response. Who most urgently needs to be re- to resign or be fired? All of the above. Now, Pronto Sube to 120. This moment instantly. George W. Bush 115 is grace and embarrassment. A bozo, a dumb dangerous knit width. He makes Alfredi Newman look like Albert Einstein. The head of FEMA, Mickey Brown, downtown Mickey Brown, excuse me 92. Head of hand, a whole line security. Mickey turned off. He's got 30 minutes. I have a lot more than that. I'll tell you that. Homeland security, my ass. Mayor of New Orleans, poor Ray Nagan, 21. Governor Louisiana, Kathleen Blanco, 1816. Well, I'll tell you when Bush showed up there at the air. Of course they didn't tell her they were coming yesterday. That was yesterday Sunday yesterday morning. And so, uh, words filtered back to her orifice. So she was the first one when he got off air force one. She was the first one there. And I bet you, I bet you his eyeballs were rolling up like pinball machine. And then finally after they both sort of went through a separate ways and when they were going, go and wear it and how they were going. He gave her, he gave her a little pick on the cheek and boy they ran in different directions. Nobody, they all did fine. 11. Nobody should take any plan. They did a great job man. Lou Basin was the screen of none. I don't know. First four of them 10 goes. We got a chat of 1000 and we got to have like 10,000. Get out of here, Mo. Go we look with the al-micos. Get out of my face. You more on the door. Don't forget, Mo will be on the two such as it is. I'm going to read the Michael Moore. It wasn't our website on Saturday. Okay, I just told. I'm sure if Josh as it was on there was on there. I remember putting it up. On Saturday, but a lot of people are read the stuff on a weekend. It doesn't get as many reeds as ordinarily. Plus it was a big holiday weekend. I'm sure a lot of people are out there playing golf and you know, go on fishing. Right. And the right. Hey, listen, playing golf and the rain is a good idea. People are out of getting the money about their busy playing a lot of golf. Vacation is over. I hope a letter from Michael Moore to George W. Bush. And this keep in mind, this was written Friday, this past Friday, September 2. Dear Mr. Bush, any idea where all our helicopters are? It's day five of a hurricane Katrina and thousands of remain stranded in New Orleans and need to be airlifted. We're on Earth. Could you have missed place all our military choppers? You need help find even? I once lost my current a serious parking lot. Man was that a drag. Also, any idea where all our national guard soldiers are? We could really use them right now for the type of thing. They signed up to do like helping with national disasters. How come they weren't there to begin with? Last Thursday, I was in South Florida and set outside while the eye of hurricane Katrina passed over my head. Hey, you must have been right by your house George. Yes, it was. It was only a category one, but pretty nasty. 11 people died and as it's there was still homes without power. That night the weatherman said this girl was on a sweet and early. That was Thursday. Did anybody tell you? I know you didn't want to interrupt your vacation. I know you don't like to get bad news. Plus you had fun raises to go to and mothers of dead soldiers to ignore and smear. You sure showed her. I like especially how the day after the hurricane instead of flying below Louisiana, you flew to San Diego to party with all your business peeps. Don't let people criticize you for this. After all, the hurricane was over and what that could you do? Put your finger in the dark? To Guy, Jan, or Reno, and still he is turning in general. You know what? Oh, but somebody else. And don't listen to those who in the coming days will feel how you spin. All I think, uh, I think probably a kind of Lisa could have filled the breach. And don't listen to those who in the coming days will or feel how you specifically be do the Army Corps of Engineers budget for no rulings this summer for the third year in a row. You just tell them that even if you hadn't cut the money that fixed those levies, they weren't going to be any Army Engineers there to fix them anyway because you had much more important construction jobs for them, building democracy in Iraq. On day three, when you finally left your vacation, home I have to say I was moved by how you had Air Force one pilot descent from the clouds. As you flew over New Orleans so you could catch a quick look at the disaster. Hey, I know you couldn't stop and grab a bullhorn stand in some rubble and I collected Commander and Chief been there done that. There'll be those who will try to politicize this tragedy and try to use it against you. Just have your people keep pointing that out. Respond to nothing. Even those pesky sciences who predicted this would happen because the water in the Gulf of Mexico is getting hotter and hotter, making this storm like this inevitable. Ignore them in all their global warming chicken lights, little chicken little. There is nothing unusual about a hurricane that was so wide it would be like having one F4 tornado that stretched from New York to Cleveland. Now, Mr. Bush, you just did the course. It's not your fault that 30% of New Orleans is in poverty or that tens of thousands had no transportation to get out of town. Come on, they're black. I mean, it's not like this happened in Kenny Bunkport. Can you imagine leaving white people on the roof for five days? Don't make me laugh. Race has nothing. Nothing to do with this. You hang in there, Mr. Bush. Just try to find a few of our army helicopters and send them there. Pretend that people of New Orleans in the Gulf Coast are near to Crete. P.S. That annoying mother Cindy Sheen is no longer with your ranch. Sheen doesn't have other relatives of the Iraqi war did or not driving across the country. Stopping in many cities along the way. Maybe you can catch up with them before they get to DC on September 23. Michael Moore. Now, speaking of Barbara Bush, I know I find the article on this and here it is no less of who wrote this. K.C. in the New York Post of all places. In Rupert Murdoch's right wing New York Post. First mom, Barbara Bush yesterday, walked past rows of poor nailing refugees at the Houston Astridomanen said, so many of the people here were underprivileged anyway. So this is working very well for them. What I'm hearing is they all want to stay in Texas. Everyone is so overwhelmed by the hospitality gust of white hair and other President Bush. Almost everyone I've talked to says, we're going to move to Houston. The former First Lady's comments were part of a broadcast on national public radio, the spokesman for her and her husband Tom Forschett said he did not have an immediate comment on the interview. Later on CNN Flurik King Live, Barbara Bush appeared upbeat about the strict in evacuees prospects while sitting alongside her husband, or Hubby former President George Herbert Walker Bush. It's only been a week since Katrina cut a deadly swath through the sounds he said and look what's happened. Hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated in our in-cuff-to-bull shelters. She should know. Yeah. She still she acknowledged it's going to take a while for families to get together. Inside the astrid home hang hundreds of heart wrenching homemade flyers from families desperately seeking word on loved ones from whom they were separated during the Friday evacuations they creature everybody from toddlers to elderly grandmothers. Barbara Bush adamantly defended her son's handling of the government's responsibility disaster. This missing critics who charge that he would have been more speedy in prodding rescue efforts is so many the victims have been poor blacks. People came up to me all day long and said, God bless your son all racially said. Meanwhile her husband who also met with refugees while announcing a fundraiser and effort with ex president Clinton said he could understand the criticism of the government's handling of the crisis. I'm certainly not satisfied with the way things were handled a former president said. The first parents comments came as president Bush called America's response to hurricane Katrina amazing but didn't offer the same praise for the government as he made a second visit to the disaster area. There was a big chill in the air as Bush and Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco turned the Baton Rouge Louisiana Relief Center at time when federal and state officials blame each other for the government's slow response and eating the region. At a baton Rouge prayer center some refugees asked Bush for an autograph but refugee mildered brown said, I need answers I'm not interested in the hand shaking I'm not interested in the photo office this is going to take a lot of money. You go milder it's exactly we're not refugees you these right yeah these are the few these you do understand that notice I thought they broke out I'm getting hooked up about it now since we have people like the Lou Dobbs that Nazi unseen and figure pointing and getting his fat face right in the camera and let's not politicize this right. See anytime you criticize anything that the Nazi regime does then you're politicizing and you're making it political you're not supporting the troops in Iraq you're not supporting your country you're anti-American you you come a pink olfag and the same thing here if you dare to criticize then you're going to politicize that's just a that's just an excuse to try to shut up all the critics okay to just it's just fascism is what it is just silence the critics just only say what we want you to say and now is not the time we'll let you know what it is time to court that time never comes of course that under the command of President Bush's two senior political advisors the White House ruled out a plan this week and to contain the political damage from the administration's response to hurricane Katrina not that they're concerned about politics you understand only that Democrats do that it orchestrated visits by cabinet members to the region leading up to an extraordinary return visit by Mr. Bush yesterday directed the administration officials not to respond to attacks from Democrats on the relief efforts and sought to move the blame for the slow response to Louisiana State officials according to Republicans from media with a White House plan see nothing that they do is by accident it's all orchestrated that's why car car a car a road was one of the first ones to get off that plane and kind of like a catch delay at the land the effort is being directed by Mr. Bush's chief political advisor car rev and his communications director Dan Bartlett it began late last week after congressional Republicans called White House officials to register a alarm about what they saw as a feeble response by Mr. Bush to the hurricane according to Republican congressional age a feeble response as a result Americans watching television coverage of the disaster this weekend began to see amid the destruction suffering some of the most prominent members of the administration which would be my or ceremony joint use of staff Donald Herrmann hearing Rumsfield secretary defense and kind of leaves a rise back from vacation in the money python show the secretary state true in strong damage communities all for damage control not property damage or damage control but political damage control home and rared as the Chinese ones are said that all the time at the same time 11 past 11 at five sixty w q a m if you're looking for a high speed internet service you want one that's fast reliable easy to use in short you want the best one you want the number one high speed internet service provider in America Comcast high speed internet it's a hundred percent your brother network blows away the competition with speed up to fifteen times faster than the SL light you can download music photo streaming video online games faster than ever before simply put Tom cast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around and with features like the fan video email security manager in radio plus it's even more intense than ever before and right now you can get Comcast high speed internet for just nine ninety five month for the first two months call white hundred Comcast and get yourself the number one high speed internet service in the country today certain restrictions apply call for details to offer you it's one eight hundred Comcast this is Neil Rogers box solid is five sixty q a bow the allowner he drinks a lot and then he comes he comes he comes the partyack s The lady chapter in the book's delight for God's decay, To place one early morning world driving in at ballet. The cup's body is being able to burning in so many youth. They either had a drunk driver or something, a certain let's do. And then delight. Give the night a drunk and rise. Be precise to hide. But you couldn't wait me to convince him to mind a jail. He's not so fond he's just playing on the business of idle mail. It's hard to feel that for the guy we see this all before. He cries in as per ten minutes and then he comes back from arms. Perhaps the time the public shouldn't give the wine a pass. Maybe what he needs most is a good split ticket they have. It's 11 16 at five, 16, every few hours. I'll play that bit again next hour. Okay. And I'll give you a heads up and a heads down. I'll go on an uno-dosen of trace right on the floor. Jimmy Braslan writes in News Day, While Bush Fiddles New Orleans dies. This is a review of the performance of George W. Bush in tight times in this nation. It might explain the single solitary, most catastrophic collapse of American government all of our times. Mark E. Well. This was the week when we turned a major American city into Haiti, and racism put its hand out and started a choke in the nation. And it may not let go. With the water coming from the sky and the bottom of the sea, driving with such ferocity that a major American city in New Orleans followed its face into the water, George W. Bush was at North Island in Coronado, California, speaking to a blindly white audience of 9,000 sailors in uniform. At the hour, blacks were drowning in New Orleans, blacks pushed to water that was up to their chest and was sick with the rawst sewage of a major city. Blacks were on the rooftop's begging to live. Wherever Camus swept, the only thing that was white was a towel being waved by a black woman begging for help, while the tiny legs of a baby dangled from her shoulder. She was in white color, but Bush was in white coronado to speak to a military audience on the anniversary of V.J. Day, get those sailors in their whites clapping. He barely seemed to understand there was a hurricane for the first three days. He was in Coronado outside San Diego, and in a speech he managed to mention New Orleans by saying that people should not return their homes until rescue crews do their work. Nobody had to be told not to return their homes because they don't have any homes to return to and no bus to go anywhere. The event told Americans to send donations to the Red Cross and the Salvation Army. How marvelous! His administration sends billions and billions of tax dollars to his personal war and Iraq to shoot up for Lugia for the third or fourth time since he started the war with his lies, and now he wants everybody to go out on the street and get $40 to hurricane charity. Bush's style is to be nowhere if things that carry a bit of fear happen. During Vietnam he kept all dental appointments. For the world trades at a attack he first froze in a classroom in Florida, then he flew off in his plane for long hours. Three days later he got to New York where a flunky place to be charged firefighter Bob Beck was from Long Island alongside him a top of truck, then pushed called out a football dressing room speech over a bullhorn. Last week he spoke in Coronado with a carrier Ronald Reagan parked in the background. This was his sixth visit to San Diego's president. In May 2003 Bush landed on a carrier Abraham Lincoln in the waters off San Diego. He wore a green flight suit with a helmet under his arm. Why shouldn't he look like this? He was an American warrior. He changed into a business suit and spoke in front of a banner proclaiming mission accomplished. There have been over 1,800 bodies in boxes returned from Iraq since then. Friday showing up on the fifth day of an national tragedy, Bush made a little humorous aside about the times he was in New Orleans celebrating a bit too much. Beautiful. If he tried to walk 50 yards, he could have tripped over 70s dead black grandmother under a blanket. How do you like it? How do you like having a person who would have time like this? Reminisces about getting truck into New Orleans. White boy would daddy's money running in Mardi Gras on a town black for the rest of the year. If white's were in trouble in New Orleans, trust that his government would have been early and aid would have been massive. This races in which is the bottom of everything in America makes it only natural for Bushness people to talk about returning to Rudy Giuliani to save New Orleans as he supposedly saved New York after the World Trade Center attack. In New York, Giuliani did nothing but go on television. That's all he did in Al-He ever can do beautiful. There are television cameras in New Orleans and just like Bush, Giuliani doesn't want many black's near him. If more than two black's under city, Holly called for snipers, Giuliani doesn't even have a show black, a show up black like Huntley's a rice who bought shoes in Ferragamo and Manhattan this week. Bush got found out this week and he's his own rescue, a sure Giuliani that he could run for prison if he does the job. As New York found, he can do nothing good about anything. That doesn't matter. Without somebody in front, Bush stands there uncovered without an American flag draped around him as the most incompetent president we've ever had. Jimmy Brezelan. That's so really correct. Amen. As you might know, you noticed that gun sales in Houston's figure racist America. Gun sales have reached record levels since they started asking us on the Astridoma. Huh? What would you do? What would I do? Move. Oh, okay. It's okay. Move to Canada. Let's see how many votes we got. You think we got a shot of a thousand of eight guys? I doubt it. These people just got whipped up the way they ought to be. Man, they ought to be whipped. Not whipped up. Just whipped. Maybe they're feeling kind of whipped after all these days. Me, they just looking for a little chuckle here today. Well, you know what? I ain't no chuckle in mood. Are you? Well, you kind of look funny, buddy. Yeah, well. How can you tell? Good memory. How we got? We got no, you don't know mine. Real short here do. For over in the 67 votes because if a threat of correct can response, who needs most urgently to resign to be fired? Did it, huh? Look at that. Lou Dobbs don't have any. I personally would like to just pee on his desk with an order. I'd like to have wild diarrhea right on his copy in the middle of his news case. And the 6 to 7 hour and see it in, okay? He just makes me want to scream. I'm just going to say something else. All of the above now, Pronto, Subit 241, George W. Bush 136, that is a scrazed area. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, when is head down? Look at the body language there, huh? Got his head on like he's in praying. We haven't got a prayer all you religious nuts. We haven't got a prayer. What is bozo? The head of FEMA, Mickey Brown, downtown Mickey Brown, 102, say, fire is as right now. The head of Homeland Security, Michael Shirtoff, 32. I'm pretty cheesed off about Shirtoff. Mirror of New Orleans, Ray Nagan 23. And by the way, watch your language, Ray, you're going to get that station find in it. Gaveter, Louisiana, plenty, poor Kathleen. Nobody, they all did just fine. It doesn't real comedians up. But doesn't clowns. Well, Flitz Creek, one in Lou Dobbs has got the big. Oh, is that what he is? He's a big. He's zero, though. You fat face turt. You, uh, egotistical arrogant lunatic man. My chief of school, I'm here and put your arm up there at a 45-degree angle and scream and see the high, for the whole hour there on CNN every night. Okay? And show us all the money you've got. I don't know why he just doesn't resign. I'd rather become a chairman of the RNC, Republican National Committee. Probably don't pay well enough. Marine Dowd, right? So you can always depend on Marine. United States of shame. Stop happens, Marine says. If it sounds like a Marine law in articles today too bad. Good. I mean, I like him. Well, I don't care what he like it or not. I know you like it. This radio show isn't designed just for you and you. And it's designed for the masses because the masses are asses. Okay? And they can't afford to buy that gases. Thank you. And I want to say it right while he's on my TV screen. Thank you, Mr. President for those low gas prices. They're looking at his smurking. This smurking shim theory is right there. Important to know the people. He's smurking. Make a standing there making jokes. I saw that clip. I saw that saw that saw that live when he was doing that. They were in the, it was in the, it was in the, The Luxee talking about his days in the New Orleans and about how he Appartied and how it parted. Maybe too much. The, the, the, the people are drowning. People are starving. They, people have no water. People are waiting around and feces up to their armpits. And here's their present. Yuck it up about his good old times when he was a good old party boy. Five years ago. Or maybe five minutes ago. He's praying. Yuck. May dry drunk, wet drunk, whatever. Anyway, more in-down rights. Might get a little bit too exercise here. They're just right. Good. Stop happens, you say, And when you combine limited government with incompetent government, lethal stuff happens. America is once more plunged into a snag pit of energy, death, looting, raping, morrowding thugs, suffering innocence, a shattered infrastructure, a gutted police force insufficient true levels, and criminally negligent government planning. But this time it's happening in America. W.D. drove his budget cutting, Chevy to the living, and it wasn't dry. Five by American lives. I don't think anyone anticipated the breach of the levees who told by an employer. Or is a Tim Russell called him on Sunday morning meet the press once he called him the Leaves. He had the, the Leaves in the beginning of a Jew thing. The Leaves. Shirts leaves rolled up. W. Finally landed in a hell yesterday. He was so worried about his wild boosing days in the great city of Nalines. He was fairly moved. You know, I'm going to fly out of here in the min of the set on the runway at New Orleans International Airport, but I want you to know I'm not going to forget what I've seen. Out of a camera's range, and avoided by W.D. was a kind of way of thousands of sick and dying people. Some sprawled on the floor or dumped on baggage carousels that makes you have massated inside the terminal. Why does this self-style can do prison always laps in this such lame, who could have known excuses? Who on earth could have known that a son of a lot of money would take us by flying planes into buildings? Any official to bother to read the trellis of free 911 intelligence briefs? Who on earth could have known that an American invasion of Iraq was born a brutal insurgency, terrorist recruiting boom and possible civil war? Any official to bother to read the CISP war reports? Who on earth could have known that a New Orleans sinking Leaves where risk from a strong hurricane? Anybody who bothered to read the endless warnings over the years about the big easy uneasy fishbowl? In June 2004, Walter Mastry emergency management chief for Jefferson Perris, printed that the times piqued in New Orleans, it appears that the money has been moved in the presence budget to handle homeland security in the war in Iraq, and I suppose that's the price we pay. Nobody locally is happy that the Leaves can't be finished, and we're doing everything we can to make the case that this is a security issue for us. Not only was the money depleted by the bush falling in Iraq, 30% of the national garden about half its equipment are in Iraq. Ron Furnier of the AP reported that the Army Corps of Engineers asked for $105 million for Hurricane and flood programs in New Orleans last year the White House carved it to about 40 million. A President Bush in Congress agreed to a 286-point-for-a-billion-dollar pork-fill highway bill would 6,000 pet projects including a $231 million for a small uninhabited Laskan island. Just last year, FEMA officials practiced how they would respond to a fake hurricane that caused floods and spread in New Orleans residents to imagine the feeble FEMA response to Katrina if they hadn't prepared. Michael Brown, as downtown Mickey Brown, knew, the blithering idiot in charge of FEMA, a job he trained for by running something called the International Arabian Horses Association. Admitted he didn't know until Thursday that there were 15,000 desperate dehydrated hungry angry dying victims of Katrina in the New Orleans Convention Center. Was he sack instantly? No, our toned-up president hailed him in Mobile, Alabama saying Brownie, you're doing a heck of a jaw. I think it was Mickey Brown. It would be one thing in President Bush and his inner circle, Dick Tandy was vacationing in Wyoming. Conny Rice was a shoe shopping, it furer gommels on fifth avenue intended spam a lot before bloggers chased her back to Washington, and Andy Carter was often mean, like empathy but could get the job done. But if he's chewing like empathy, combined with a stunning lack of efficiency, that could make this administration implode. When the President and Vice President are rashly sure-cough our allies and our respective international law to pursue a war built on lies, when they sanction torture, they shift the faith of the world in American ideals. When they were deafers or long to be horrific misery and crash for help of the victims in New Orleans, most of them foreign black, like those stuck at the back of the evacuation line yesterday, while 700 guests in employees of the Hyatt Hotel were bust out first, they shift the faith of Americans in American ideals and made us ashamed. Who are we if we can't take care of our own? This, facing the ill Rogers. This is 5.62. Facing your on QAM. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard in Iraq. Not the national guard at law. You're free. I'm dying out of the hands. I am. The Dalton's still the worst. But, thought he was too good there every gambler sight there, every poor piece dreams. They can't score and touch down, not even one field goal. And when you say I am and you're so fucking foil at all, there's a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many teams have to leave? Very true. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. But Dolphins can't beat anyone. Can't even beat the spread. I wish that this one party could come back from the dead. They'd say they'd make some practice while he wears it stupid. I'd tell them the white they're less than coach that loser. They once met and there's a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many teams have to leave? 32 Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. I'm a stunt you a how about you. A dude. Some dolphins are in trouble. With lots of legal strikes. They're tied in likes, so we're got by beating up this white. Half the team are criminals. The other half sun drugs. And this is what will happen when you draft a bunch of fugs. And there's a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. 2017. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. They really are a mommy crew. But dolphins have no blocking. They've got no passing games. I've got just one suggestion. They ought to change their names. Two of them. Miami tampons. And why do such a thing? They're good for just one period. And have no second history. And there's a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. Come on. You can't believe it. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Fuckin' the fancy gandip. Oh, you suck. But dolphins have no ball except all ones they're playing with. I just can't wait to see how Ricky was. It doesn't matter if he never has another trophy. It seems that this piece playoff dreams have all gone up this open. There's a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. Come on. I'll be there. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Now there's room. I'm signin' out the head. I'm 35, 25, so Luna is 5, 60, WQAM. Now what's this thing you just sent me here? I'm gonna go to the room. It's the first page of a timeline. Across the timeline. Is there a basketball game? Right. Then we put it up. Maybe most of it is a basketball game. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe most of it is a basketball game. I don't know. I think the ball games in the middle case. It sticks to somebody you might know about. I can send the rest if you want it. No. Well, I mean, is it interesting? It's a kind of thing. There's a lot of stuff. We already know, but it's just very, it's a point by point where everybody was. Well, it was. It was a point that, you know, you know, it. Great hand and amcrack stops service in New Orleans, late Saturday night. That's, I mean, the thing with the buses is just a long cautionable. There should have been bus loads pouring out of that. So, it'd be for the storm. Not once, uh, nevertheless. Here's a fact that says last night during the Keynes, Noals Football, telecast. Jeff Bush was interviewed by Brent Mouseberger. Yeah. Do you come? Why? Yeah, it was. Well, then you can correct me if this is a correct, this fact. It was chronic fact, sure, if it's wrong. Jeff commented that he deposited $20 in a red cross relief collection bucket. Thank you, Mr. Governor. Did he say that? Yeah. He's doing the big time help. $20. I give a hundred. I gave a lot more than that. I'm sure. Well, I can afford it. I can't. But I guess the fat ass governor, you know, all that money for the crack we have, he probably, hey, Governor. Call me, sure, Steve. Come on. That was $200 more than I can afford. That's fat ass governor by the way to you. Also, due to the standard work of our federal government, we hereby welcome Alibab and Mississippi and Louisiana, the blue states commences bring on 2008. That's only a follow-up like folks move back. Because they're all in the red states column. You can be the am sure that all these black people that are at the end of the world, they didn't vote for this regime, which is why they don't care about them. Don't you understand any more than they really cared about New York City? And if you're wondering the difference between well, too, look how fast they reacted. There was a federal emergency management there. There was a FEMA back then. Very. But then of course after 9.11, man, we had the Bush mice to come in here and invent this so-called Department of Homeland Security to fight the global war on terror, which there is no global war on tier. There's only an invasion into a country named Iraq. That's all there is. While the terrorists are multiplying like flies, thanks to us. That business about it. I mean, it's just amazing to me, astonishing. Well, we're, I don't know if you saw that press conference that Condoleezza had when she finally came back from shoe shopping and Ferragamos. She came back on Thursday afternoon late and held an impropodemuse conference in the Redwell. Is it true that you turned on the age from Russia? Is that true? Well, we've seen applications where we're 30 countries that want to help, but we're considering we haven't turned any of them. What she neglected to say is they also hadn't accepted any of them either. Just take your sweet time and think about and analyze it and organize it. Yeah, this is emergency response. The federal emergency management administration, emergency my S. God, when she has diarrhea, it's probably a bigger emergency in her house than this thing was. Good idea. Good idea. So I'll be calm. What is it? No argument here. Yeah. World community offers US assistance in an accelerating drive. More than 50 countries, of course, this on the heels of also your good boyfriend, you have to know what you're doing. What is the rest of the world? We're always hoping everybody read a newspaper. Read a newspaper. Read a section other than the sports section you bozo. You're fairie. Over 50 countries have pledged money or assistance to help. And this is from Saturday. By the way, says probably more, I think it's like 60 now. Cuba and Venezuela have offered to help despite differences with Washington. Oil's Ryan Saudi Arabia and small countries like Sri Lankan, Dominica, are among the nations making pledges. Those damn Saudis, man while they're raping you people at the pump. They damn well ought to be there to be sending billions of dollars over here. Those rag hits. Those bastards. Those criminals. Those outlaws. Those terrorist trainers. I hope that we'll remind Americans that we're all part of the same community. Secretary, say, kind of Lisa Rice said yesterday, meaning a Friday is offers kept pouring in. None has been turned down right set of news conferences. Feeling a report from Moscow that a Westonoper had been rejected. Now, who do you believe? Do you believe the Ruskese or do you believe kind of Lisa? I believe those Ruskese quite frankly. I wouldn't bear to say. For instance, as far as I can show them. Yeah. However, she said some offers were being taken up immediately. Others somewhat later, depending on the needs on the ground. But Cuban President Malagat, the article on Castro. In her news conference, Rice singled out Sri Lankan for praise from American contribution. Even as it struggles to recover from these tsunami, in earthquake disaster December. Aastridian answer to the donation of $8 million in American Red Cross. The U.S. has so often had to forefired of international aid efforts to up-less fortunate nations for a minister Alexander Downer said, the whole thing was kind of a downer. So it's only fitting that Australia should contribute to the daunting test of helping the thousands of American citizens of the Saudi-Audiati. France determined to show its solidarity with the U.S. offered it because they don't want us to invade the next. Offered a range of aircraft and two ships with helicopters and planes capable of airlifting tons of supplies of disaster units with 20 soldiers. They civil defense defenseman 35 people and airborne emergency kit and a partnership in a pair of three. I'd like that. While Canada loaded three warships and a coast guard vessel and Halifax with emergency supplies and food and dispatched them today to Louisiana. As many as a thousand divers engineers and reconstruction experts will be aboard, Denmark team, parliamentary secretary, the former minister Pierre Pettigru said, remember all the firefighters and Canada that went to New York after 9-11. I just mentioned that in passing. Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin is announced of the release of 30,000 barrels. Not Germany. And gasoline oil for U.S. use. And he was flipping the bush to the bird as he did it. The Japan Senate would contribute $200,000 to the American Red Cross for its relief operations. Upon request, your panis prepared to provide as much as $300,000 worth of 10st-like its power generators, portable water tanks, other equipment and Japanese embassy be seen. By the weekend, offers him to receive from our MENIOS Australia, Austria as a by-John, the Bahamas, Belgium, Britain, Canada, China, Colombia, Cuba, Dominican, the Dominican Republic of Dominican Republic of Dominican, Ecuador, El Salvador, France, Germany, Greece, Georgia, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, I wonder what the Jamaicans are saying. Maybe some good weed, man. They could use Jordan, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, where the Philippines, Portugal, Russia, Saudi, where the Singapore Slowback, where public, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Venezuela, and the United Arab Emirates, Mahatahid. This is New Rogers. This is by 1628. This doesn't care about black people. That's New Mexico. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Don't like all the heartburn. Don't go, don't go, every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That's where the people are, they can't win. Don't go, don't go, don't go. The whole world, the peace, President of the world, Red public and muslim, and an idea, I don't know why. They are willing to never know each other, For a son of a poor youth, with President of the world. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, now I'm You got a man by the front door You got a Christian Oh, but that's a new and violent home Don't be here We've got a great leader With friends that end up You're in a fair Person and other people You can't help it If you're doing okay, not just coming in today Now yesterday, today the sister's September At any rate You kind of said, you know, to come back to town and find The nobody there waiting for at the airport But nevertheless, he can walk 12 minutes till noon at 5 am 60 WQAM Cuban president Fidel Castro told more than 1,500 doctors on the night The American officials had made absolutely no response To his offer to send them to the West Gulf Coast El victims of working Katrina But we don't want to piss off those old green suits in Miami, you know Right Castro, a long time adversary of the USA Initially offered to send 1100 doctors at least 26 times as a surprise in equipment But the commonest lady went on Sunday during a televised speech That he had increased the number of physicians to 1586 Each doctor would carry about 27 pounds of medicine You could all be there right now lending your services But 48 hours of pass since we made this offer We received absolutely no response cash Or sent it to a vanist policy to the revolution And of course, they sure didn't need doctors in medicine there today No, what for? We continue to wait patiently for a response And the meantime, all of you will be taking intensive courses in immunology And also something that I should be doing And intensive brush up course in English Fiddell said the bearded bastard Besides Cuba, several other countries in the international agency Zoppered money and supplies to hurricane victims And the past Cuba's refused US offers a bay The most recent following hurricane Dennis That's from Kilmore than 10 people in the curabane Ouralination July At that time Castro said he wouldn't accept help from Washington Because of the West Trade embargo against his country Castro had named the Cuban rescue team the Henry Wee Bay Brigade and honor of American Republic Cuba's rebel forces During the Cuban War of Independence against Spain in 1895 The doctors who have been mobilized went to South Asia after the December tsunami And it worked with other disasters So not going up for George Bush and Tom Belisa Maybe at certain that not going up or down town Mickey Brown, over there at FEMA You know where he hangs out Mickey Brown? I give up downtown. Oh, you just said that Man, absolutely un- Okay, let's take some calls there. I should be good for a few last. Oh, yeah 560560 pound 560 the Verizon and singular wireless lines WQAM Hello On Cornel Yes sir Are you doing okay? Yeah, I was listening to my, I was just sort of like me You know kind of listen to a little bit of an afternoon And I heard that call You know Yeah, I can help anybody who's got like an IQ larger than my thumbnail Be so unaware what's going on around him in the world It's a perfect example of what's wrong with the whole country It's a Mo A neo Yes sir You still have sorry my puns, sir Yeah, I mean like I was trying to get through to You know, I know a lot of people were trying to call and to tell him he was wrong Okay, well that's an instant history WQAM Hello Hey neo how are you doing? Okay, neo two George neo neo two George how are you doing? You know Come out, look, everything these guys These don't want any fingerpoint because they know exactly where the finger is going to point Yeah, that's right And if this was the Gora administration, they'd be forming it the mouth right And Lou does keep talking about even though he doesn't want any fingerpoint He's talking about the local and state officials and this plenty of time to go around He has no problem planning his the middle finger with those people But God forbid anybody should point the finger in the direction of Washington, and down town Mickey Brown You know who else has been writing some good stuff is your friend William Rivers Pitt So I just got on the internet he had a couple great pieces lately But I want to know where is the opposition? Where are the Democrats? You know something neo I was thinking during his last break Besides I'm worried about Ken Helper in that limo I was worried about Barack Obama And I wouldn't have been the perfect spokesman for the Democrats in this private disaster What I wouldn't have been with where has he been? Where's he hiding? I guess they don't want to rock the boat Well, that's a bad mistake That's a bad as usual a sit back I see that Julie Berman and Susan Collins are conferred A congressional committee to investigate what all the crap they went on But where is the outreach? But let's not hold our breath And also before I go when he was speaking in South San Diego He's comparing himself to FDR and Iraq War in World War Two And the country just sits there and the country just took a fence It's there and says oh what a great man we have And the media and did you see any of the bits of last couple of days where they're talking about oh He does this so well relating with people when he was doing those photo ops there in Voloxy He does this so well and he or comforts people Yeah, I'm just so sorry to you people in the middle you suck up. You make me want to bark I think I hate to say yes. I was listening to air America But someone called a man report that the German a German news never supporting that he was appearing at a phony Eight station that was set up for a photo op and then dismantle the soon as he left Yeah, maybe right I'm a plastic turkey like he brought to Iraq. I don't know Neil heaven help us Good luck to you. I'm going to date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon and singular wireless lines Just a bunch of suckups, man. It's pathetic And this morning what the ally I told you her name before the one that's on really young CNN Yeah, forget oh geez. I can't figure her name now. She's on like before seven o'clock And she's I forget who she was talking to or interviewing and there's no longer news readers Okay, these are reporters were talking about Characters who I can't figure her name out of it But anyway, she's going about while you know the president cares about black people and you know You know, she's not anymore news reader now she's giving your opinions and now she's defending and now she's you know Just stick to reading a script okay, you're nothing more than a glorified news reader With a lot of makeup to cover up those wrinkles honey Carol a castell. That's her name Oh, I ordinarily I like through she's okay. She's a bubble head. She's you know, she looks good But started well who the hell is she to be starting to give editorial opinion now everybody's an editorial commentator on there Everybody's got an opinion because opinions are just like yeah, yeah, but everybody's got one How about you weigh in hello? No, yes, man. I'm going to make people a brain doubt that hate to do it Barack Obama is running around with Oprah at the shelters. Oh, no, I swear God and they got doctor Phyllis the Astridome now to like give some phony counseling all as poor people in the Astridome. Yeah, they're probably blow their brains out Yeah, I'm so disappointed in him because I love him, but he's running around with Oprah doing what you know Glad-handing, you know ass-lap and smile and taking pictures. Oh, bro. I know sorry No, well there cause you right after the show I'm gonna put it done right in my mouth Thanks a lot See you I'm putting a big one right in my 567.0560 Wanna forget an email from Ken I mean, that's a little off off the subject, but you know it's one of those Important stuff. What that's important. It is important stuff. Okay It's just can't believe it then I there's no email message on air. Okay, but he's just gonna shine me. I guess we'll fight out I just hope I needed today. Tell me the QAM hello Okay, I like listen One thing that people to I don't know why he didn't criticize him more after I even laughed it That now was hit a lesson 24 hours of his fast brother right that's correct doing everything and it's just ridiculous I don't understand why no one says nothing and they give people up to be this great leaders And that last one call it just took my thumb to write away that That's not I forgot Yeah, we need to get away. Oh, yeah, but then the crash. Oh, we know what the Republican stamp or whatever Democrat But where is there was the wire the only one representing and carrying the water for the half of the structure Our comedians like John Stewart billmark our frankings that the people don't even like you know I know a lot, but Yeah, I who now knows I don't know maybe the catch got their time maybe they're analyzing it Maybe they're playing it for who to how knows there are much as finalist powers and there is much to blame as anybody else In fact that Al Gore sent back it allowed them to steal election in the first place in 2000 The fact that they were so spymeless then that should tell you a lot and then of course Kerry comes up and does the same thing in a while four years later If they are alive, but got some Q and a cone here Every time or do you would be of micers micers thousand what's going to happen here? Very early to all here Okay, whatever he said you know what he's just said Maybe you're Okay, say it loud. Oh, it was doctors to come. I think he said hello doctor something like that. What have we got on that pool now? We're gonna make her a thousand a year What I doubt it? 567. Yeah, start to slow down. I see they get whipped up a little bit for a minute or two and it's like, ah, and that's raining We don't care about this stuff. Although George W. Bush has moved to the top of 171 because of the pathetic hurricane response who needs most urgently to resign or be fired and as in impeached That word impeached sounds peachy to me This is Neil Roger This is five 16 Two F**k This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q eight Okay, see you wanted me to play this proceed, please. You ready ready New Orleans thought it had been fair of the worst and then two major levies broken slowly the city filled with water The city that fiscal low sea level is now under seat official estimate that 80% of New Orleans is now underwater The governor's been asking for everybody to stay in prayer. I think we could probably do that for our friends And that love was a happy All in a very nice This don't you know me I'm a man I'm a train that all the day of New Orleans How we gone five on the night when the day is done last night we began this broadcasting Katrina was bad very bad last night We didn't know the half of it. We are still learning just how bad what I saw today is equivalent to what I saw flying over the tsunami in Indonesia There are places that are no longer there I mean everything is flooded everything. The whole city there right there are people being evacuated We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending aid to one another Collect conference and rescue teams lifting people one by one hundreds and hundreds and all from rooftop So we're hearing lots of stories like that of people insisting one another Just prayer for them and for not just them all the people down there You know they're picking up the pieces And I asked for your prayers for those who breathe Tonight I asked for your prayers for those who breathe Turkey and Katrina has brought out some of mankind's very best I asked the people to join the Indian Sangha program for the victims in their families God bless Here you go, sir. Pristine and I'll add some wonderful Well that's a little dead air at the end there folks. There's George wanted a clean cut Oh, don't cut I didn't know you were going to get cut About 2 at 560 WQM the mole mice your man the guy who don't know Mo he'll be on it too Here's a fact this is give me a break you think Connie Rice has any idea who mighty python is and what's Familiar is all about or did you have somebody explain it to her maybe she had somebody Spainted but she was laughing ourself as the report she was upped it up while people were drowning Says the body isn't even cool that the bush mice were dominating the replacement for the old man I just did why didn't the world is going to quick response like that actually on question Because they already had this cooked up ahead of time you can be damn sure that In fact they probably poisoned the old man's tea And haven't you haven't mentioned Celine Dion her act yeah it was unfortunate enough on Saturday Larry had that thing on I talked to George about it before this show and I should have mentioned that that I mean what can you even say you know Here we show business everything is a show Three hour how you can help yaddy adi adi adi and so the only a performer I saw in there was unlucky enough to catch Celine Dion And she was crying and raining and raining and she was pretty good actually surprisingly But then she's like right in the middle of this the tears are rolling down her cheeks and where is all the health and now all of a sudden Larry says well Celine If you've got a song you can sing How the way you feel right now So again then somebody told me that everybody who was on Thursday had a singer song They all had a singer song I'm gonna cry yeah, well she was but it hurt I mean come on Larry would you get with it start somebody snap those suspenders and wait that many I got already with it please Jesus No in yad from Ken Halper and yet from Nation Limers I'm sure that you're right on a way to what you send me an email can take care of it I hope Well federal and state emergency planners scramble to get more military relief to go across community Sticking by hurricane Katrina a massive naval goodwill state has been cruising offshore underused and waiting for a larger role in the effort The US has the tan and 844 for chip design this batch marines and amphibious assaults as helicopters Doctors hospital beds food water all these things It can also make its own water up to 100,000 gallons a day and it just happened to be in the Gulf of Mexico when Katrina came roaring ashore The batan wrote out the storm and then followed towards shore waiting really for it is helicopter pilots flying from its deck where some of the first to begin plucking Spaded New Orleans residents but now the batan's hospital facilities including six operating rooms in beds for 600 patients are empty A good share of its 1200 sailors could also go ashore to help the relief effort but they haven't been asked If a tan has been in the street and region the longest of any military unit but federal authorities have yet to fully utilize the ship captain ready in waiting Could we do more said captain nor a Tyson commander of the batan sure I've got sailors of the on the beach plucking through garbage or distributing water and food and stuff But I can't force myself on people We're doing everything we can to contribute right now. She says and we're ready if someone says you need to take on people we're ready if they say hospitals on the beach can't handle it If they need to send the overflow out here we're ready we've got lots of room The federal government is taking the local government maybe said we have to let me put them up I'm going to apologize to all the chimpanzees and just all the pansies you're fair for a con him smirking chimpen. That's a great website. We use a lot of their stories But that's an insult to the Chan. I picture we got on our website too with all the chimps on here. We apologize profusely of them To put them in a class with this bozo. Well, chimps are bastards anyway 567.0.560 their labaster's town 560 the Verizon singular wireless line WQA in hello out there QA in hello QA in Hello Yes sir I got two questions for me Yeah The pretend can drop down it's burning and they're straight into the shore And the other was the Alabama and put in their bid yet Yes, they in his matter fact file we hit us to our website Palaburton got a no bid contract to start the cleanup. Did you see that? No, I did not. Of course Absolutely man is no No question about it. Maybe that's where the vice president is he's not really on vacation. Maybe he's sitting up there at the Halliburton headquarters at the area Board room Hold on a few strings in the range in a few things. You're gonna stand even a couple of wings I don't hear some and of course that bull die daughter is your fair five six seven five six the pound five six in the Verizon and singular wireless line WQA in hello A deal On a no one's here. We could put that leavey You know, okay good WQA in hello A deal was up Yes sir Hey, they just took my thunder man. I was gonna tell you that the push administration Around here Us Go ahead The push administration was on it from the beginning everybody says they weren't working They're working from back to front. They were busy plotting no good contracts from the first time We've already done the human and it's hard so they've done Fini-To let me check my email here. I see if Ken Harper is responded to my E5 email so far about this Many crisis that's developed here. What a nice of you email me yesterday Ken and said what happened Oh, here's one. You think this is it George? No, it's not it It's from Tom pain.com. Well, that's great. A lot of pain that is A pain about that plane. Oh geez. WQA and hello Hey, this is one of the make a and analogy I want to compare For a short range. I want to compare bush to LBJ. At least LBJ realizing made a mistake with Vietnam Even he decided not to run for the presidency in his second term Well, what do you mean here? At least he I mean what kind of a comment is that if they brought him Of 30,000 40,000 kids in body bags. He realized he made a mistake He didn't realize he made a mistake. He didn't run again because he didn't have a child in France and hell That's why I didn't run again God That guy sounds old enough to remember it so he ought to know what he's talking about the only problem is he doesn't He reminds me of the old daughter else 1968 even have any chance of winning the nomination the country had turned because the media finally finally Thanks to Walter Cronkite and a few others finally the media got out of it and all these generals like Westmoreland They're under a video lying through their teeth just like the lies that we get now They started calling him on an American public start to get in the truth and when we got the body bags started mounting and mounting and mounting and now We realized that we're there for absolutely no legitimate purpose whatsoever That's when it'll come across then Nixon gets in and what do we get we get another six years of it with Nixon and four before they finally got it all over And it's total of 50,000 body bags I don't see that email you know what I'm going to say I think maybe I'm just going to like take a half hour off here All right, so that's the music left over I don't see if I'm going to have to make a few phone calls now. Maybe it was my mistake Maybe I gave kindergarten data some like that because he's always been really great with the right date. I can call it Can you Yeah, I'll that's a good idea. I'll facts you his number his his cell number And then you can like a coordinate The plane is coming in at 105 and like they said in the garp father I don't want somebody coming out of the eternal justice thing in his hand, you know what a five today Yes, the staff and no that's why I'm getting a little bit antsy now because they haven't only showed up yesterday The person somebody else wasn't coming yesterday So you would have thought that would at the contract time several miss happy somebody would email me yesterday and said hey what happened And somebody make a mistake maybe I screwed it up can but it would have been nice to get an email yesterday saying hey what's what up Right, but it didn't happen But nevertheless, how many Q a m hello Hello, how about on half time your your Governor was only talking about he gay $10 Got his pocket At the point it's reducing every man. They said 20 before and outside the 10 bucks. I think was like you know what I really think he gave I could be wrong Yeah We don't have one hits his five I heard it was nine. Yeah, that could have been it sure is how it wasn't about Man, no way give that much money on it. He donated 10 or 20 bucks whatever was now what was it was it 20. I should say I think it was 20 20 bucks He'd know man what a generous piece of turd man your fan asked governor see I was thinking about that this morning Well, I was kind of playing these living my wrists and it is How is it that there are certain people who retain a highly reappeutivity like let colon pal for example Who sold the whole world out by going to the U.N. and lying to his teeth or condolize huh Who retains popularity oh, that's a doctor right see a for a reason still unfitted by yours truly And of course your fat ass governor. Oh, he's just tremendously popular because he lies a lie because he's a religious nut Because he was obsessed with Terry and her tube. I don't get it man Must be you're not getting really good stuff done. He's a real rock man with large he can use it Because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now nothing national guard Right not the national guard national guard not that there's no national go at no But I'm not the only one who's been talking to you Oh, oh, oh God bless you please Mr. Carponko This is a deep fine That you will pay Don't want it's not to pay Hey Hey Now you have a criminal record Our place And we have you and now be yourself Look around you all you see a dilated eye If you get in stone do it in your phone And you're still there for some smoking You're a Oh God bless you Mr. I Don't Hey Hey Hey Exactly Do you get those numbers? I have a fact you, yes, and I called and and was a good thing that I called and why is that because Otherwise somebody would have been a hoof at it or cabinet And it's all it's taking care of Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh let me just ask you this I don't want to start ripping anybody on your concerns been very very nice to me is a good friend, but but I Yeah, and I really don't know whether I screwed up and gave him the wrong day to fix somebody else I was already Huh, that's what he said I doubt it, but nevertheless I'll take the blame for that But if that be the case wouldn't have been the day yesterday the send me an email say hey Where was so and so and what happened? And we have like a miscommunication and use group and give me the wrong date that you know and then chickens feet whatever Because then I get the email and what if I wouldn't check the emails? Uh-huh See what I'm saying, but nevertheless thanks Ken don't do it again You think I had the and see the send me an email and then not to I give a response an hour later Which is what I got it and I have four or five responses on here You know what I'm saying if you're not gonna check the emails what's the point? Are you that pick it again? Yes? Thanks Ken You bozo you you fair is good guy Jane facts isn't say and thanks for calling George in fact John will take you out to dinner next time remember comes in the town will take all the other It'll be a party some yeah Dernial god James says I get 50 bucks to the red cross and I'm on employ well that's really nice Jane because your fan asked governor give a $20 bill That turned that piece of garbage. Well, I mean stop and think about it. This is this is the president's little brother, okay? This is the governor the state of Florida. This is a man from this rich rich wealthy bunch of crook family The bush family herma What what happened to his name was press god bush the the banker for the Nazis They got more money than Carter's got pills And he goes on television instead of just saying I gave an iced donation He says I put a $20 bill in the pot All right bought some pot with 20 but whatever you can't buy too much pot with 20 bucks. But nevertheless Yeah, for for hold you over As much as I normally hate TV for reporters I think that the world is convention said it would be a muscle even with 50 to 20,000 dead if 4 percent reporters I want to mention in particular James says Tony's and bottle and crook at neo MSNBC a crook at knee was very good and robot no other one is and Here are folks and Chris Lawrence and CNN Yeah Chris Lawrence was outstanding He's reported review the horrors going on their Thursday and cure fields really Read administration officials and ask who came on her show live form between one and three three of that awful day nice going Terra You're no loo dobs thank god and a jack half of the man he was sensational you go jack Yeah, I thought well, the screen was gonna have an interest breakdown trying to calm him down Of course, well if the establishment's she'll not see bastard that he is jack cavity was fantastic James says I just hope they haven't been fired for showing the truth I think this is gonna turn into a big land grab now that they got rid of the dark folks and After all their fewer said one of his first features the good news is and it's hard for some to see now that all of this chaos is gonna come up fantastic Gulf Coast Jane also says the city of New Orleans song just made me break down and cry Love you and don't ever recharge it says I guess what you Right about now be a good time God Saw your as George I got to music you don't know don't then what what is with this music stuff What is that all about? You're way through the holiday How are they any mold not today? Oh Well today is today and yesterday was yesterday okay, so don't 645 oh, so we got to show it 700 We're not gonna make no thousand I don't think that's it doesn't make any difference to me Okay, here's a lady on there dark and plighted lady looking for a seven-year-old son first See this is I'm not even gonna say it The lack of organization the lack of coordination and it's not just a federal government. It's not just a downtown Mickey Brown The city hadn't got a clue the Silly ass a ms our governor none of these people had a clue including that he'll be give me a barber that fat as the Tour their Mississippi Well people like him. He's the poster child for what I hate. He'll be barber And another one is that bill fist They are the poster children and I'll tell you another one is John Roberts Yeah, speaking of BDI evil do we can just see the look at that you know those board again these real Farbiz and board again Christians they had kind of like How old I'd be yeah, yeah brain washed Thanks can by the way don't do it again a rip your ass Oh, seriously even if I did make the mistake wouldn't you think if you like to pick somebody up if that was your job And it was nobody there when you say well maybe somebody screwed up probably him and maybe me who knows but I better email and find on I don't think he's got my number here. Maybe does that and we didn't nothing all right say hey look I made my trip best I could do it to best yeah Think that it's canonite you and you would do that You'll get in my bed shot. I was ranked waste in a box See at least for the hope they cured him around and it's slab, you know I think a look through a That was morbid that was brutal. Yeah, what was that alive? Why do I need to do that? And this new pope man you talk about Nazis man on man. I guarantee he's got a card He is a card carrying Nazi he if he wasn't a member of the organization he sure is how qualified VDI their fewer What I'd tell you not see is I'm gonna come back. They always say that you know the world goes in cycles and yeah, well we're in a cycle all right Why FEMA was missing an action? This is from the early times I haven't taken too many stupid now the calls have been okay Since the beginning when we got some of your people Not my people your people yeah Why FEMA was missing an action by L.A. Time staff writer is Alan Miller and Peter Gosselin Well, I wonder if he's a kind of goose gossage I wonder Josh knows who goose gossage was. Yeah, of course I do the picture very good a Mark the bird fidhridge I don't You know I'm not gonna say Oh no, because you do first fine job of these stories and some days lately I've been sending you way too many stories You're probably cussing me out to Audrey's 30 story. Okay, so you know us today. I cut down a little bit Yeah, that was nice. Give it up. I was a holiday to learn over do it. Let me just say okay You're not one to talk because I do if you do give me somebody who I don't know I happen to Google them and I will tell you one time You made made a guy up completely Who is that? I don't know some ridiculous name No, I did not pay play for the Yankees if you made a show that out there is Kribbble AB Moishi, Pupic You're wrong. I never make up not us me. You may be older than the name. I looked it up Timey Schmindrich. He was a third baseman. I think he was killed as Jim Brian Weezer Well Mark the bird fidhridge was a very charismatic picture for the tigers. He was Saying him I'm just saying no, but I'm just saying I would take that I mean if you know who goose gossiped watch was is also before your time Yes, who's a great fireballing Relief picture for the Yankees Mark the bird fidhridge was Who's the who's the picture for the red socks also before your time But you got to know who real goofball famous for bill Geez Actually discuss these things when I'm doing the cross over with Hank because he he knows all of this stuff Esmo that's all he knows is a bunch of stupid sports stuff. He knows nothing about what's happening in the world That's that. Hey, whoa you're a To August sausage I wonder one the new new goose how about goose gasoline How about jocelyn gasoline But mother goose while the federal guy hey, you can't pass up a good goose While the federal government has spent much of the last quarter century trimming it to safety nets and provides Americans and has dramatically Expanded its promise a Protection of one area disaster if we had a disaster all right, they didn't let us down on that Since the 1970s Washington's emerged as the insurer of last resort against floods fired earthquakes and after 2001 terrorist attacks, you know, it's that war on terror That mysterious war on terror But the government's scumbly response to the storm that devastated the nation's Gulf Coast reveals that the federal agency Singularly most responsible for making good unwarsher than the expanded promise has been hobbled by cutbacks and a bureaucratic downgrading don't tell that to downtown Mickey Brown The federal emergency management agency FEMA Was speedily delivered food water shelter and medical care to disaster areas and paid to quickly rebuild damage roads and schools and Get businesses and people back on their feet like your commercial insurance firm setting safety standards to prevent future problems It also under road efforts to get cities and states to reduce risk ahead of time and time for what they would do If calamity struck But in the aftermath of the 9th of the 9th of the tax team elocid's cabinet level status is it was folded into the giant new Unchist Department of Homeland Security My god, that's right And a recent years had suffered massive budget cuts the elimination of reduction of key programs and an extra this of experienced staffers The agencies core budget which includes disaster preparedness and mitigation has been cut each year since it was observed by the Homeland Security Department in 2003 Depending on what the final numbers in a being for next fiscal year the cuts will have been between about two and 18 percent The agency staff has been reduced by 500 positions Among the results FEMA's had to cut one of its three emergency management teams which are charged with overseeing relief efforts into disaster Where once had red white and blue teams and now has only red and white and even want no blue They don't want no blue team. Yeah Sounds too much like those blue states Which is why the people in the world well their famous for the blues in New Orleans right? If he's actually that's what what now I know That's why their feeling mighty blue right now So into that three out of every four dollars the agency provides a local preparedness and first we spot her grants Go to terrorism related activities even though a recent government accountability office the GAO report quotes local officials The same what they really need is money to prepare for a natural disasters and accidents They've taken emergency management away from the emergency managers complain more a goodman Who was FEMA's chief spokesman during the Clinton administration these operations have been run by people who are amateurs and what they are doing Correct This is new Join didn't hear it I heard it like a little bit like I'm supposed to be psychic lying there like I know which time is his That is just crap Oh my god, and where the hell was the thing I was just playing Righty Is he perfect I don't know load it back up again. I'll play music. I can't find it. Oh here it is. I got it just relax Thanks, there is any On the campaign trail with George W Bush today America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at self-carolinas Turbiding Tom factory right in the here in the mall South Carolina I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker Don't say that the ignorant worker World Never have worked today my entire life And Silky Palmaum you're soaking in it Let's go to the next question You my Yes, sir. Yeah, were you going to go to the question in Substintative marijuana legalization no absoluitly not cocaine Yes heroin probably Adventuates and better means without a doubt Without a doubt Now you Thanks for asking first thing I'd like to do see me one up close not too close no touching perhaps maybe get a lot Can I get a lot Thank you very much we got to go I'm a George W Which is a great fit the only promise the voice that they're doing is pop a bush, but never let's say yeah Yeah, you have to suspend Disbelief for whatever that is there's prep lot Parts for tram-later lost his house man. Are we What we wasn't on a porch drinking a peanut colander's whatever trend line what do you mean both is what it is? Yeah, one of his 18 houses. Yeah, I wonder if they saved the pompoms. I sure they didn't wash away all bad though because man Anyway, I say nice things about Ken Halper. He's a great guy and he does a good job and they use food them up must be what I'm sure it Limit on job He don't even know who marked the bird food riches and I did not make up any name I guess you like definitely See if you gave me the name then we could like Sam and his work We don't bring any of the names that you said this guy played for the Yankees If I sent him play it he played like like oh, I know Probably like a norm seeburner Jerry lumpy Is that who it was? Jerry lumpy. Do you think I made up that name LUNP Look at that it was a ridiculous name that you just play what I I can't remember I am much Menric I believe that I was looking it up and there was no such player no, okay ever no, okay Whatever you say I doubt it Last oh, this is great but before I read this let me just say it again That photo opportunity that he pulled off with Carl Row that and I don't think he fooled too many people except the course for the Global reporters which they were just Flawning about how wonderful he is in dealing with the people in human yeah, right When they had him liked not only Out there would a public you know very safely far away from anywhere the flooding was and this was in Vluxy not in the world and They hit him like in the hangar there at the airport. Did you see that part? Yep. That was the part where he was with downtown Mickey Brown and he was And and we just talk him casually but as if he didn't realize we were here and I'm but of course he knew we were here and I'm because he had a microphone on dummy And to talk about what a fine job everybody was doing and a Mickey Brown and all the Southern Crap Then they take him out there in an hour later. We see he's a safely Stand around or under a bigger tree next to some trailer park and He's got a couple of dark and collected young girls there and he's he's emoting and kissing him on ahead and holding and To my amazement then we hear the audio You see I know boys and girls and may come as a shock to you but on television when they take pictures of people Unless you have microphones there that are playing ahead of time and unless you have Unless you open those microphones to the public in here. You don't hear what they're saying What do you say? photo up How can you have the nerve the gallell president and say to turn other people's tragedy in your own personal photo up to try to show us about your Compassion of conservatives in my ass You hate mongering lunatic you murder or you butcher a blotting the new And So was it any was there any wonder that he didn't show his lily bite ass there in New Orleans Except of the airport on the edge of the airport. They can be danger. They had secured real real well Edna ha Well, remember we had the other article he's good right I forget who the hell he is though, but he's very good We like it From smoking chimps is where the story comes from but at any rate is a long story And you know what I'm gonna read anyway I might this might be one of those I have to interrupt which I usually don't do that no mull because this business is a reading You know gets a Miguel very upset how's Miguel doing by the way? Don't hear from him no mull is he still there? Yeah, he was in here this word is Josh court. This is mother still chasing him around the hallway Edna ha writes the worst president ever and And as usual is I think I'm gonna look at that none state as long as they could have the combat well thank God for that That'll happen and then they flew away Okay, now can penguins fly I don't think so they thought there's wind like sons of bitches And I still can't get over that seal that we saw on I do remember that yeah, what was that all about? I saw all the way I saw that the zoo came out okay, which is good And then I saw some poor little doggy's there that just broke my heart you see dogs floating around There's a guy that refused to get on the bus because they didn't want to abandon his dogs right? I got pull it up and in fact, I think they should have just taken a dog and left him behind And no that was that white guy that bearded the old the cool man We're supposed to go through my day Wow, he and then it was the other guy who had the a mirror nurse outfit on It is beyond belief what has gone on there for over a week now and the worst part of his there still are people Stranded There's no people stranded yeah, and just like the article and I you know You ever think about boats you ever think about all these other ways don't don't give us it and what the thing about not feeding the people and the Superdom that convention center and on the expressway there Thousands and thousands of people You know assuming that you're right, which is which is a lie about the fact they couldn't give to them But assuming that it was air drop yeah and all these different companies Donating millions of bottles of bottled water and food and all this other stuff and couldn't get it to you I'm surprised that Bush didn't want to start arrived there probably would have made a deal with the Colonel you know what I'm saying? Uh-huh, can you imagine a thing brutal? I don't want to think about it. I guess we'll do the break then I'll read about why he's the worst president ever and of course Like I said Edna has got his thumb right on it 22 till one at five sixty and don't forget there are no national guard troops in Iraq This is real Roger because we're sorry this is five sixty two Yeah, you'd like to take the break, but the ball go one half of a glass Huh Joking oh my god, oh my god Well Jordan was tell me before the shortly we were commissarating about his disaster yesterday And he had to come in on the labor. There you go Don't think how can I help you even necessarily Gazing you aren't you am You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now nothing national guard Right not the national guard national guard in Iraq that there's no national guard no no that's a single dumbest thing Joyce Bush doesn't care about black people Anybody has a funny Distenting from or away motivation They went through that my a Just follow on to faith. Everybody's running fast. Processed you with faith. See, ask the Christian, Get a watchin' guard of you. Everyone got the suspect. Go back to what you did. This God is for a nation. I'm going to find the fools. It was Fatherland Day, John. I just knew where to say. Get out of here, hey, those fools. And sit and tip on those fools. Beneath everything we've heard. And the state run you. Blood water, water, cold blood. Will you be your husband? I hope in Saint-Nipu's spirit. I just knew where to say. Oh, please don't find those guys up. Go back to what you did. We're passing day and night by, J. No, don't be so stupid. Oh, all the water is filthy. The fact of Paris is wet. And everybody's burning fast. Processed you with faith. Well, 45. We got all kinds of technical stuff going on. You want to know why? Because it's the aftermath of the holidays. We finally, I mean, this isn't like, is this not on the calendar. But I'm talking about the end of summer kind of like this is it, right? This is it. It's done. It's over. It's happening. No more holidays. No more for the July. No more labor day. No more desily ash holidays. No more. I think we got socus here. But after that, and Halloween. After those, it's all over. And then we get put out and notice the grinds. It's something we're going to have. But in the meantime, we're just like trying to get our equipment, uh, I'll grease up and ready to go again. Reef. Oh. And now, how the worst present ever last Sunday, a category five hurricane named Katrina was Any for New Orleans and the Gulf Coast. George Bush on vacation mentioned it in passing many talked about Iraq while still hiding from Sydney, Sheen. Last Monday, Katrina, the Gulf category four hurricane slammed into the Gulf Coast as to where 90,000 square miles, causing hundreds of thousands of Americans to become homeless and probably killing thousands. George was an Arizona and California talking up his adult Medicaid prescription program before invite only crowds. Tuesday, thousands were stranded down south 80% of the big easy was underwater, bodies were floating everywhere. George was in California comparing Iraq to WWE 2 of the big one. You go there. GI George, the human definition of the word disconnect. As the catastrophe, simmered in the Gulf like bad gumbo, Bush woke up eventually to reality, as much as you can ever wake up and recognize his own unique take on reality, headline, present a cuts vacation short to return to Washington. Bush cut his vacation short by two days, as thousands of citizens down south watered or swim around in the swirner of heat with no food, no water, no homes, no way to get out what a guy. This man has to be the biggest mistake ever to get elected questioned Mark and the history of America. By Wednesday and Thursday, Bush was acting very President, so which via his grimaces resembled a bad bought a constipation. He flew over the disaster area at a company 5,000 feet being photographed, crowning and concerned, raising out the window as he saw not a lot, and was going to actually show up by weekend at the scene, sort of. New Orleans was considered too dangerous, so we opted for mobile and blocksy with a New Orleans aerial tour. Aside from the fact that unlike a terrorist attack, this hurricane's pass was predicted four days before it struck. Aside from the fact that this hurricane is proven that Homeland Security is a totally ineffective monolith of an agency's stature chronism, aside from the fact that most of the scene coming for a long time, W explained that the slain, that the living breaks into Orleans took everyone by surprise, and he expressed his divide that, want to buy some WMD. The sandest part of all this, the warnings didn't have to go out like that in sorrow and horan energy. The reason it did, Bush's hard on for a rack. It's a new story. Oh. Under Bush, under Bush's leadership, federal flood control spending for Southeast Louisiana has been cut from $69, $69 million in 2001, but $36.5 million in 2005. Federal hurricane protection for the Lake Poggitrain-Vacin and the New Army Corps of Engineer, Budget Sankt, from 14.25 million in 2002 to 5.7 million this year. Louisiana Democratic Senator Mary Landruble, leader for 27 million, no dealer, rack was more important. According to Louisiana's Times Pickey, and from 2004 to 2005, Iraq was specifically said as the reason for lack of hurricane and plug control dollars, and early 2004 is the cost of the complex in Iraq's sword. Bush proposed spending less than 20% of what the Army Corps of Engineers said was needed for Lake Poggitrain, according to a February 16th, 2000 for article in New Orleans City Business. Bush then cuts 71.2 million from the budget of the New Orleans Corps of Engineers, a 44% reduction. As was reported in New Orleans City Business at the time that met a major hurricane and flood projects will not be awarded local engineering firms, also was studied to determine a way to protect the region from a category five hurricane has been shelved for now. Oops. On June 8th, here we go again, Walter Mayst, the emergency management chief for Jefferson Perth Louisiana until the Times Pickey unit. It appears that the money has been moved into President's budget to handle home land security in the war in Iraq, and I suppose that's the price we pay. Nobody locally is happy that the LeBee's can't be finished, and that we're doing everything we can to make the case that this is a security issue for us. A New Orleans House News Service article published last Tuesday night observed the Louisiana Congressional delegation urged Congress earlier this year to dedicate a student of federal money to Louisiana's coast only to be imposed by the White House. In its budget, the Bush administration proposed a significant reduction in funding for South Louisiana's chief hurricane protection project, Bush proposed 10.4 million, a sixth of what local officials say they need. Local officials are now saying the article reported that had washed them and he did their warnings about the dire need for hurricane protection, including building up the LeBee's and repairing barrier islands. The damage might not have been nearly as bad as it turned out to be. Hard hit Mississippi Governor Haley Barber, who's been tearful, understandably so on the air waves, hasn't really mentioned his anti-global warming stance with support of Bush and slicing a FEMA funds or the fact that he backed Bush's sending an endless supply of national guard troops and important equipment to Iraq. Over a third of Louisiana's troops are in Iraq over 40 percent of Mississippi's troops are in Iraq. Mo. The first part has been appropriately slow, wouldn't even more flat foot in his reaction to this tragedy. Some days Katrina was about to savage the Gulf coast. Here's our reckless leader. Hurricane Katrina is now designated the category five hurricane. We cannot stress enough the danger of the hurricane poses to Gulf Coast communities. All citizens have put their own safety in the safety of their families first by moving to safe ground. Tays doesn't carefully to instruct and provide it by state and local officials. On another matter, today Iraqi political leaders completed the process for grafting a permanent constitution. The example is an inspiration to all who share the universal values of freedom democracy in the world of law that negotiators and directors of this document brave the intimidation of terrorists and they mourn the cowardly assassination friends and colleagues involved in the process of grafting the constitution. Thank you for your heartfelt concern, George. Tuesday, as the warlands and the Gulf Coast was deemed destroyed, as we deliberately for our citizens to the south, our troops are defending all our citizens from threats of broad, and the war on terror all of you gathered here today are playing a critical role. Let's get aboard the WW2 trainful speed. Six years ago, this Friday, General Douglas MacArthur accepted the Japanese surrender aboard the USS Missouri and Tokyo Bay, which Japan surrendered the last of our enemies in WW2 with defeated and a world war began that began for America and the Pacific came to an end with Pacific. As we mark this anniversary, again, our nation in war once again more came to our shores with a surprise attack that killed thousands in cold blood. Once again, we face determined enemies who follow a ruthless ideology that despises everything America stands for. Once again, American, our allies are wedium global campaign, with forces deployed on virtually every continent, and once again, we won't rest until victory as America is in our freedom of secure. Our goal is clear as well. Will defeat the terrorists who will build a freeer rack that will fight terrorists instead of giving them aid in sanctuary, a freeer rack will offer people throughout the Middle East, a hopeful alternative to the hateful ideology being pedal by the terrorists. They freeer rack will show that when America gives its word, America keeps its word. And bear in mind, people in America were actually drowning during this speech. People were dying of dehydration and lack of medical care, no one knew what to do, phone lines were down, no one stresses could be given, buildings were crumbling, hundreds of thousands of people being forced out of their homes forever, countless homes were being obliterated as it hit by an atomic bomb. These facts didn't register with him until probably one of his advisors pointed them out via a well-paced two by four to the back of his thick skull. Hurricane Katrina may prove to be the biggest disaster in American history, and took place on Bush's launch, eventually by Wednesday, George SNAP2. He forgot WWE 2, he forgot Iraq for a minute, he considered the dead Americans' present tense, human-flots including in the murky floodwaters of Katrina, he played present and declared, America will be stronger for it. Yuck! At this point, some heavy criticism started heading his way. Why was there such a lack of rapid response? Why was the coast start almost single-handedly tackling the situation along with brave, underfooted local first responders? Why was FEMA folded into Homeland Security and Hamstrung? Where exactly was Homeland Security? While was our rapid emergency response resembling a ringling brother's clown card skip. His response, he provided out his father and Bill Clinton in total, in the days ahead the former presence of last Americans to open their hearts in their wallet to help those in need, because this country has bankrupt thanks to the Iraq Plus Tax Cut combo. Later, after talking with his cabinet lots of pasty-faced Republicans, he touched in the humanity of the situation stating, we particularly spent a lot of time talking about the damage done to our infrastructure, and our energy infrastructure and effectively available in price of gasoline. In our judgment, we view this storm as a temporary disruption in being addressed by the government and by the private sector. Still later, we again touch upon the human loss. A lot of crude products have been shut down because of the storm, and structured Secretary environment to work with the founders, people who need crude oil to alleviate any shortage through loans. The EPA has granted nationwide labor for fuel funds to make more gasoline and diesel fuel available throughout the country. This will help take some pressure off gas prices. Our citizens must understand this storm has disrupted the capacity to make gasoline and distribute gasoline. All the humanity, the humanity. And of course, the oil companies have jacked up their prices of gas merely to make a bigger profit. And of course, we'll all have to pay it to pump, and of course, the EPA's relaxation of emissions standards will heat up the atmosphere, and hence the oceans even further talk about a catch 22. And of course, double-debut nothing to sublip concern before the cameras and file the state of the course in terms of rebuilding. He could roll back his tax cuts to give the economy a boost and not to have to request low weight or no to reach in their pockets across the country to pay for the hurricane mess, but that would be unthinkable. So as hundreds of thousands of people are stranded and are being shut about to different states live in the equivalent of new-volve Hoover bills, as the bodies pile up as America's are all told to give all they can give, the president appears on the tube and tells us, just hang in there. Woohoo, go team and a photo-op in Mobile on Friday, push basically phoned it in, confronted by the Nazi-be-turned-to-is-bibble of brain bromides saying that everything was going to be just fine. We should love our neighbors the way we want to be loved ourselves and we talked about compassion. By speech, his anti-seem to be on the verge of breaking out into the song come out tomorrow from the Broadway musical Annie. He later hit Mississippi, hugging a lot, and flew over New Orleans, finally taking to the podium that Louis Armstrong Airport and declaring, and may God continue to bless this country. If this is a blessing, what exactly would you consider a curse? At a certain point he was asked by a reporter, one of the things he heard as people saying a lot of resources are being devoted to Iraq, now this country needs them, and they're frustrated about that. What do you say to the people who say there's too much money being spent on Iraq and its time to bring them home? The president responded, I just completely agree, we've got to jump to defend this country in the war on terror, and we've got to jump to bring aid and comfort to the people of the Gulf Coast, and we'll do both. We've got plenty of resources to do both. Tell that to the dead people, George, to the dying. When asked how we plan to rebuild New Orleans, the president mentioned my thoughts are, we're going to get somebody who knows what they're talking about when it comes to rebuilding cities. I'm going to delegate, and he's done for four and a half years, and that's planned out so well. And our president came up with a perfect way to stop the violence in New Orleans, and we have to get the people who are fully declared, ironically if our name exists anymore, the food magically showed up when George's name to visit the disaster or our full five days after the hurricane hit. By comparison, after the massive tsunami last year, the were food drops within 48 hours. If you want to see violence, George went into these storms, big to try to file for bankruptcy after October 17th, and find their thanks to new bankruptcy, while they're pretty much screwed. Some other politicians have started weighing in, their jaws hanging at ankle level. It's impossible to defend something like this happening in America, said former Husbandly-Cranube Gingwich. No one could be happy with this kind of response that we see in New Orleans, so the Republican Governor Mitt Romney, Massachusetts, and two key U.S. senators said on Friday the Lopin' by-partisan investigation into what they described as an immense thing with the government response to the victims of hurricane Katrina. I think I'll take the break and then I'll finish this. It's a little bit long, but we know what to bet that. Grop of the seven of QAM, This is New Rogers. This is 516 phase. I love baseball season. Our is of the Marlins. Come on, I'm talking to big leagues. Follow me. My amy fourth mother's here. We could be there. I'll just type her out. And when I'm up in Bokatega, slap an old woman with a dint in lips, I ran the pole. Hey listen to the New Rogers one, the two are. I mean, I listen to the New Rogers parent, now it's one to two hours. More, more, more, more, more. Hi, this is Governor Schwarzenegger, we're another California report. This week I want to talk to you about six crimes. I may be governor, but I am a convicted sex offender. Earlier this week I joined this sexual predators, teaching them how to victimize innocent Californians, and to use of the internet to lure children in the sex crimes. I'm sponsoring this legislation to give Californians. Some of the worst criminals, any will provide greater crimes. This legislation will expand and strengthen predators out there. I'm tipping the scale of justice in favor of the violators. Not the victims, period. Thank you very much for listening. New Orleans thought it had been fair of the worst, and then two major levies broken slowly, the city filled with water. The city that fiscal low sea level is now under siege. Officials estimate that 80% of New Orleans is now underwater. The governor has been asking for everybody to stay up there. I think we could probably do that for our friend. We're in that love one's ass ass ass ass. I'm the train to go on the city of New Orleans. I'm the one that I'm on the moon. Last night we began this broadcasting. Katrina was bad. Last night we didn't know that half of it. We are still learning just how bad. What I saw today is a equivalent. So what I saw flying over this anomaly in a way. They are places that are no longer there. I mean everything is just bloody. Everything. I want to do it. There are people being evacuated. We're hearing lots of stories of folks winning AIDS. One another. I'm a public conference. And rescue teams. Lifting people one by one. Hundreds and hundreds and all. We're hearing lots of stories like that. People insisting one another. Just start for them. And for not just them. All the other. I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I'm a public conference. And I think that the message is signifying. Supporting is necessary. And I think that that that that that that... just makes it necessary. I think that that that can help me. Leaving the fire there. How we gone by a long time when the day is done? Tonight I ask for your prayers. All those who great. Turkey and Katrina has brought out some of the times very best. I ask the parents of people who join me in standing a prayer for the victims and their families. Got to ask. God bless my hands. So, I want to work for you, I'll bush my spirit as this ween, say, Castle Hoys. Anyway, get back to this column here, the worst president ever by Ed Naha. Uh-huh. Senator Susan Collins, a member of Public and Weds, the Senate Government of First Committee and Senator Jewelie Rerman of Connecticut, the panel, stopped never granted a plan to begin an oversight investigation this week. We intended to manage, as this is how this immense failure occurred, but our immediate focus must and will be, I want Congress to do the help rescue and emergency operations that are ongoing. The Senator of the Senate and a joint statement. They were smoking one. It is also our responsibility to investigate the lack of preparedness and an adequate response of this terrible storm. They said, Ed Naha was increasingly clear that Syria shortcomings in preparedness and responsive hampered relief efforts at a critical time, no kidding, no shmit. Is that profound or what? Deep. By the time of their announcement, George was in the air waving by-bied of the dead the dying and the displaced and the city of New Orleans. So what can we say about this president, the golden boy? He's crippled the economy. He's decimated our education system. He's given billions to the rich in terms of tax cuts. He's given billions to Haliburton via no big contracts in both Iraq and Afghanistan and out course in the Gulf, our Gulf. He's investigated environmental laws. He's allowed the biggest terrorist attack on US-Sorland history. He's lost any legal, illogical and basic of the country that wasn't a threat to America using bogus intelligence claims costing lives of tens of thousands of innocent people. He's received a billion dollar boom dog over Star Wars missile defenses to net doesn't work. He's racked up record deficits while preaching financial conservatism. He's created the biggest government bureaucracy in history. He's stifled the Senate pre-speech. He's isolated himself for real people as what a monarch. His minions have castrated FEMA a once-effective agency, not only folding it in a online security, but appointing leaders who have no experience in disaster relief, but were big Bush campaign contributors. And while he's ignored and denied the science that was to intense climate change because of global warming, we've been hit by record hurricane seasons. That doesn't even seem to like Bush as America anymore, so maybe God is one of us after all. I hope God gets into saving lives into warlands and the Gulf Coast pronto because apparently the Bush administration can't. I think that was worth reading the whole thing. Yeah, what I like it. Well good. Because that's the reason I've released the race is just to please you. And if you like him, what's not to like? Well, there you go. What's the line? I just got to like him. I know what's his name, Miguel. He sure is. What's his name? He don't like him. He's too busy dodging a watch and aiming a hallway. That's what I want to. Why ever happened to her? Now, see one thing about you, I know whatever gets canned, they just disappear. Or they get suspended and then they don't come back. What was her name? Dreen. Oh, yeah. How can I forget Dreen the cherry queen? Huh? She got canned. You have a good day in ounces? I don't know. No, they never were in ounces. It's like a memo comes out. Oh, he's been suspended. And then they just don't come back again. You know, more like what I am saying. No, there was a memo saying that she was poisoned not a lot of the bill. And the bill saying if you see her on the ground's called the cops. Really? Yeah. Get out of here. I'd show you not. I thought that was about fat boy. It didn't help. If you see him near the candy closet called the cops, call the candy cops, the sugar cops, 724 votes. We're not going to even make 800, you know. And that's because we hear you have an impulsion in man. Because it'd be pathetic per capita, make any difference to me. It couldn't care less. You know, number of votes on a poll is a silly bunch of stuff. We have all this crap going on and the people ought to be mad as, you know, that poll that you took. And there was one choice on there. I've already smitten it a long time ago. But about who cares? Yeah. And I had like 11 votes or something like that. Maybe they're just being smart now. But I don't think so. No, I put that on there knowing that there were people like that. Yeah, no, we've got a bunch of idiots that no matter what's going on, they just don't give a crap. You know, that's the Florida F and way. Just in different to humans suffering, just idiotic. Just, you know, George Bush is America. Because of the pathetic hurricane response, who most urgently needs to resign or be fired in a digit? George W. Bush, 2016, he's leading. He's been almost 30% of the votes. I've turned him in. We got a 724. We got a shot of 750, 730. All of the above. Now, Pronto is super to immediately leave not sooner or two. 10. The head of FEMA, downtown, Mickey Brown, 158, and idiot. In an imbassil, the head of Homeland Security, Michael Charter, a churter, 46, who evidently don't get near a TV set. Come on, our Louisiana, that's Kathleen Blanco, 41. Mayor of New Orleans, Ray, I'm screaming and swearing in an egg in 34. Nobody, they all did fine, 17. Oh, yeah, let's just play that ball out of the barrel. Okay, let's just do that. I'm gonna pull it down. We're all doing this fine. Everything is great. We've got two votes and a looped job didn't get any. It's gonna be wasted, my vote on Bush. I should have voted for looped jobs. Up until I mean, that that ever liked him. But up until now, he was just there, which we're near there, watched the local news on CTV at 6 o'clock every day like clockwork. But once in a while, I'll just zip over there for a minute and see what kind of screaming about illegal aliens again, what kind of history he's with. He is a fascist man, he's a, and then all this business about how could anybody bring race into this, you know, who are you, kid, huh? I could never stand him. I think a bunch of Mexicans and really dark skin African Americans on a take over wherever he's living, okay? I'm not a moving right next door and take over his compound. Now, a good idea? Sure, compound W. Yeah, even more compound fracture of his anus. Here's a facts from a will who says, very chronic, well, a lot of chronic factions out there, and that's because it's not taking too many calls today, so they have to fax it in, right? Right. We had a couple of calls at worthwhile, I wonder, too. It says, hello, sirs, the socks picture, no, it billed me. That's right, thank you very much. Spaceman, remember Billy? No? The red socks, Billy, the spaceman. Anyway, sometimes, Josh makes even a girl look like a PhD. That's a little shot there, okay? It says of the board-offs, like Frito, Carlos the sleeper is seeing pretty smart, at least computer savvy, but I guess he couldn't stick on his feet. No, he was usually going to hit over ass. Yeah, he had some personal problems, let's put it that way, okay? I don't want to get too deeply into it, but he had some issues. On Instagram, I'm like a powerful pitcher's eye-o-chairs, I'm saying it out of here. Well, he's usually pretty good at that. He sent me a stop-a-lock pitcher, that's your fault, Josh, you started that crap. Maybe I already did it with Goose-Gosse, I guess. Sorry. Cliffs says, thanks for your truthful ranting, while you're welcome, Clev'n'Lex, through Charge, I'll find getting the sore throat, it's good thing I don't work until Thursday. Hope I don't hit any big jackpots that would buy tomorrow, I won't be able to scream and shout. If only those poor people have no brains, would have put down a water and food, and take in tubes, tube, and attach them to their stomachs, the government would have a stool-thread and good point. It says, Bush would have perished, but it'd write in the middle, out-fitting, and all. If I think you have to run Bush, our fat ass governor, it's pretty close by hitting gone over there from Talahasci over there, he could have zip-ridered over by chopper. And Gunnery could personally attach to everybody's tube, personal tube. He has those looters word all black and white people that were just muddy, I see. Convillies is waiting for the drug test results before accepting applications. Bitch, bitch, he called her a bitch, how do you like that kind of lesion? Nice going there, Cliff. Well, I think you're her, I think. You bitch, you slap, you whore. Right, and that's the kind of thing I can say about her. You sit in there, yuckin enough to do that amount of Python, and then shopin' for shoes in New York. While she's on vacation, while people hurt people are drowning, you know? God, do I hate that bitch? Oh, they're gonna destroy that you're gonna like, about Israeli soldiers killing innocent Palestinians? I don't like that because you like the truth about what's going on over there. You think I'm gonna stick to the anti-Semitic? That's what I thought. From the Guardian, Israeli soldiers tell him, in his criminal killings by army and a culture of impunity, whistleblowers, testimony shows his half-over revenge on the Palestinians. I'm not gonna read any more, it's long, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not a website for the moral. Because I don't wanna get into all these long things, I'm gonna take at least two-three other calls before we get done here. Are we gonna make 800 votes or what on a poll? That's 749. And it's a challenge, it's something to do, you know? We could have made 1500 to people really cared enough, but we got no more nude pictures on there, no more. So we don't get to kind of spastic response we used to get. Oh, gee, take a look at that. You know, like that, you know? So who would know cares about this crap that we're talking about? What does that stadium that's showing in it? With the spikes and certain problems that you're seeing in addition to what you're concerned about, and you've talked about typhoid, cholera, asthma attacks, fever, rashes, and the concern, what is that inside? Are you looking to see an end? All of those issues are very real. After large scale, this ass went to hell was that stadium they were showing. Sure is how, wasn't the super dome, it's in New Orleans because there's, I don't know what it was. It was sort of, well, we're gonna be a lot of disease, a lot of E. coli and a lot of this in theory, all of these things, just in that. But I think that the networks can continue showing us those, we have close ups and those water that the water that they're pumping out of the city. All that brown water kind of makes you feel like you're back and answer them again, some of us, you know? Maybe it's pokedo. When you're looking at canals that really, really dark brown, well, water. What are we gonna say? I'm dirty water by the sandals. Yeah, well here. Let's play it. Let's play a little dirty water by nothing. In bad taste, man. God, you ever taste that stuff? One, thirteen, it's fine. We can't do this spot. Please. I feel like today there's just, I don't know, it's just something in the year. And don't play it. Don't play it. Like that. Here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford from Armstrong Ford Homestead. They've always treated everybody like family. They want to send them off for you to join their family. Ford nationally now is extended their Ford family plan off for it to September 30th. F***, third man. And right now at Armstrong Ford Homestead, you get the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company employing their families get. Not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for live program. And for limited time with any new car purchase, you get a cover TV for free. So what you'll be waiting for, pick up the phone right now called 305, 24751, 12 an ask for David Rich. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. A bunch of fat boys life on it. No bait and switch no phone details. In this fantastic offer is only available at Armstrong Ford Homestead where they always treat you like family. Armstrong Ford proud to be locally owned and operated by his president General Manager David Riches, bring your family to meet our family. Armstrong Ford Homestead is at US 1 and Southwest 307 Street just 20 easy minutes south of the 36th of your team. We'll get a better deal on a Ford any place else in town. Check them on the web, Armstrong cars.com. You'll be able to call it 305, 24751 12 an ask for about the Ford family plan today. Drive a little bit extra, but save yourself thousands at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. This is new Rogers. This is 5.16. I do, yeah that was in the up a world. The next odd cement is at least 4.16. New 5.16. New, yuh, what's up? Come on, I've got back. I've got one more. To the, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh. Juh of course. I joined in the end of studio today is a very, very special guest. The diabolical and infamous pill popper. Run, run, run, run, run, just for this occasion. We had a bound, yeah. Oh, wait, is there more? That if you're not guilty of sin, Sa? This way, I won't get any of the contoolies on my hand. He's not right, Raj. Why? You, like that, Mr. High, moral, rounder. This is for why number one. What? Why? Number two. Ah, I don't know. Oh, I don't know. Why number, no all. Look. What is government who was here? And, uh, dressed in, uh, pumps and rumbers. I need to act really and cert. But wait. That's really a pin. Ah, when we come back, I will immediately. Imagine right before you are on full eight cigarette for five, my ears, for the count of three. Welcome. It's one eight, one eight ten, it'll be smoking too. Let's see, we got the mole myster, the mole wrong, coming up into a clock, man dog at four, marlins on deck at six, three, marlins at the Washington, that's at 705 followed by the indicator. Pretty exciting, Lana. 704, full it on the pole. We're gonna make 800, you know that? I don't know what, you know that? I know what, where you at? Right now. After Brazon says, Bush has a lot to answer for, even what's his name? Even James Bond is not too happy with your president. Your president is all in contact. Oh, wrong, oh, James Bond. Pierce Brazon was the only good star on hand as the dubial festival of American cinema got to a quite starting a friend's over the weekend. He took advantage of the spotlight to blast Bush administration's handling of the cartons caused by Hurricane Katrina. This man called President Bush has a lot to answer for the former James Bond after told reporters Saturday. I don't know if this man is really taking care of America. This government has been shameful. He said, and Pierce Brazon, you are. I'm so willing to accept. He was in the northern coastal resort promoting the black comedy, the manager, which opened the festival on Friday, the manager. Okay, look at that on CNN right now. Oh, there, oh, see, there's a centimeter showing some real, oh, no, look at that. That's not that. That's not true. That's dirty water. That's not me. Yeah, that's pretty ugly story too, man. I'm laughing. And I just thought about Jerry Lampi before. That's a lumpy throughout our advocacy. Maniax, area of view of the seven, 10-week canal, levee in the world. And there's showing that big old view. There's green out of that water out there. When it's not pumping it out. And there's showing real close up as close as they can. You know, you people at the CNN Bureau, you may end in Miami. I know you're listening to this show. And you know, I'll need to be on death row. Whether or not you listen to this show because you don't get there, or is anyway, even if you didn't, you lie about it and put down rush. For shell just, and I'll put down rush just for what's your name there? Is wife, his misses. Oh, they're in Kagan. Seriously, that broad this morning. I always like to, until this morning, until she starts opening everyone. Just read this script. Okay, honey, Carol Costello. Bubblehead. Oh, but we know President Care is about these people. He cares about black people. I would say that. No question about it. Especially if they sell out. The only black people here is about people like Alan Keyes and Condoleezza and Roland Colon. People who went and doubt they sell out. Don't forget, Clarets. Clarets token Thomas. Not no poor black people. He'll give a flying crap about them. In fact, that's, you know, that's the irony of this whole thing. Is the reason that he got in both times, the only reason he got in the horrible of fixed elections is because they were able to suppress the black vote in so many states. That's, and that's the irony. And that's, that's called adding salt to your womb is what it's called. Just unbelievable. Uh oh, city officials found confirmed the equal. That's really quite a, quite a bullet in it. Equal I was found in the front of waters. I'm thinking that maybe don't drink it's a good idea. Yeah. Don't be a witness now for that. Well, I mean, it's just so stupid. And they put that city officials confirm, you guys are bulletin, you know, idiots. You morons in the immediate there. And just crazy people. That's all your budget rate robbers. I hope you can't sleep all night long alone or with somebody. I just hope you can't sleep. I hope you're tossing and turning and just have a guilty conscience. You're working up into a sweat. From guilt over sucking up to a bunch of fascists while your country has been taken over by the elections are being stolen and brought daylight. And the Democrats, of course, don't even voice your time talking about that. When that woman called before and told me that our our night in shining armor, Barack Obama was hanging around with Oprah. Oh, oh. I'm still gagging on it. Can you believe that? Yeah, believe it. Yeah. They're going around his land handing and then she must be the one that said, Dr. Phil author to the astrid home. Because astasis is middle name. They're turning to ultra catastrophe. Yeah, there he is. He's got her mom gearing rum spelled on one side and she just made a cameo appearance. Look at that. What went right? What went wrong? Yeah, what went right? Well, what wrong? And then we'll tell all those dead people. Oh, they can't hear me. Yeah, let's tell them anyway. From a distance to 70 meters and through the side of his machine gun, a soft could tell them to palestine man was A between 20 and 30. But turn to me. On arm and trying to get away from it is really tank. But the details didn't matter much because us astasis orders were to fire at anything that moved it in. A soft as soldier in the Israeli army pressed the trigger firing scores of bullets as the body fell to the ground. He ran and I started shooting for a few seconds. He fell. I was a machine. I fire. I leave and that's that. We never spoke about it afterward. It was December 2002 and a soft and as armored unit had been ordered to enter the Gaza town of Dira Abala following the firing of mortars in the nearby Jewish settlements. His orders were he told the Guardian, every person you see on the street killing and we would just do it. Well, isn't that what God said in the Old Testament about your enemies? Right. Kill them all. Don't miss a single one. It wasn't the first time that a soft had killed an innocent person in Gaza while following orders. But after his discharge, he began to think about things he did. Oh, he had a discharge. Maybe that was God punishing him with a VD. Was it oily? It was an oily bird discharge. The reason why I'm telling you this is that I want the army to think about what they're asking us to do shooting on our people. I don't think it's legal. He said, oh, what a rocket scientist. A soft is not alone. In recent months, dozens of soldiers, including the son of a Israeli general, obviously discharged, have come forward to share their stories of how they were ordered in briefings to shoot to kill on our people without fear of reprimand. The soldiers brought into contact with the Guardian with the assistance of breaking the silence. A pressure group of former soldiers who want the Israeli public to confront the reality of army activities, the group insisted on anonymity of its witnesses to protect the soldiers from personal cues from prosecution because they basically can't see a lot. Now what it is, the rest of the story will be on our website. I guess tomorrow. What are these days? Yeah, late tonight. Late tonight? I got the internet. I told you that. Well, that's right. You're doing it in a whole lot of other stories, too. How do you like that, folks? That is outstanding. Now, I think that I'm considering everything all the obstacles we've had. It's been just fine. Yeah, that's fine. And I don't know if you ever checked those stats on there, but amazingly enough, even over the holiday weekend, there are a lot of people reading some of them stories. That's right. That's right. That's right. I forget I don't have to sell you on the stories. I forgot about that. That's why they go to the site of stories. Animate end days. Let me tip my cat to somebody at the hero. I know this comes with a great shock to just about everybody in the universe. Let me tip my cat to Annie, even though the rest of you are saying, oh, you party, poof for you, idiot. Poop on you, man. You know what's about? I mean, the story was on Saturday, but of course, since I'm not on, you know, starting next week, by the way, I'll be on every day Monday through Friday, it's bad news for me. What about Saturday? No. He says, this is no time to this place to this place. Cancel the stupid game. Let their hurricanes, the cemeterals, and their hollow mass caused plant other day. And ever to the cane fans right now say, no, that would have been a great idea after their physical performance in their loss last night, 10 to 7, another girls team game. Poof, fetic. Well, it's big enough, bad teams that Ron Zuckman, he almost lost him a girl's team. Did you see that on the Saturday judge? Yeah, didn't he win in overtime? Yeah, Rutgers was kicking Illinois's ass, and they had to come from behind. Ron Zuck, don't give him a look. He is pathetic. He got run out of Florida on a, on a, on a rail. Anyway, Ann says, I don't care how long the fans of a wedding for the FSU might be sure to tell a handsome money. I don't care about Devon Hester's kick return. What kind of a country muses itself a parade-grab violence while the world burns? How low have we sunk on a moral scale when hotels in Tallahassee are kicking out victims from the real hurricane to make way for a bunch of stupid football fans, I thought the word stupid in their Anna. She didn't have to. New Orleans is burning. It's people are waiting in lines that stretch for half a mile. Tens of thousands of lost there, not just their homes, but an entire way of life. A city is gone. We're facing one of the biggest displacements in the country's history. A few evacuees were managed to find shelter and hotels around Tallahassee have to pick up and go because of football. We have to let them know what's going on in town and they're going to have to leave a hotel manager to the heroes, Marie Ellen class, the manager added, many of them are trying to get close to the home anyway. I guess that would be those who still have a home. Don't talk to me about the need for a scapeous entertainment during a tragedy. Football is fun to watch or movies. It's also fun to go out to the nearby cool clothing catchup on per-souls whereabouts, but thought is no substitute for moral clarity. When exactly that our sense of intent when our relentless pursuit of personal amusement trump our basic sense of human decency as Anna, we've become a country. Next deep is that redneck deep and entertainment and shadow when ourselves a bullying nation that can't take care of its own people. This week the Census Bureau announced that 800,000 more workers are without health insurance and additional 1.1 million Americans have fallen below the poverty line. Where is the outrage? How much can the rest of the world expect from a country that is full of plants for everybody else's betterment but can't take care of its own? Don't bother looking for solace from our leadership. Now when the president is now touring the devastated coast almost a week later, he may post hurricane speech that had all the profundity of a half time show. If America is becoming more and more like football then football should take the first steps to save itself. Of course no one is going to cancel again. Of course they did not. All that and heard as minutes at stake. All that add money. So football should do the next best thing and take a principal stand and see that no evacuees were kicked out of hotels period and donate to all the proceeds, everything tick a sale and salaries to relief efforts. Well like I've got to give twenty dollars. I didn't expect introspection when I floated the IDVU MD Athletics Sportsman Mark Pray and I didn't get it. Are you going to give up your own salary he shot that angrily? You know Mark Pray? No. So that's that. No. Facing an onslaught of bad publicity, Pray said Friday. Both teams have encouraging fans to give up their rooms and stay with friends. Many suggested the idea of hotel room shortage until I asked you was overblown. Go to tassetalac.com. He said 20 rooms available. True on the website. But when I call Friday afternoon both the Hampton and the sweets tell a hassy that said 50 rooms available and tell I said capital court yard that said 20 rooms were sold out for the game day. Ross Wager is just a reminder of the Hampton and sweets said they might not be completely sold out again. That promise that either way. No evacuees would be kicked out to make room for fans. Thank the Lord. At least FSU coach Bobby Boudle lost family during a hurricane. The rest of the magnitude of the suffering playing on tell auntie's backyard and makes the game see mighty insignificant when you start thinking about what's going on down there. He said earlier this week. Honestly sure is hell though. He's brother sure is hell though. I'll heal. That's why some football being plays a football. We got the Patriots game through tonight. That's the important stuff. I'm going to pay for this. But when anybody else plays it's kind of like, and you know, and of course we got hockey coming up man. Not if the uh, uh, hurricane's have already lost one game which means everybody's off their bandwagon. They lose one game at it. And we know that the the dolphins are going to be like maybe one and 15. In the back end of this tonight. So how about that? There you go. Let's hear hockey intensive because the panthers look like they've got to make the play off this year. They might actually be pretty good. You know what? So let's everybody all the phone. He's just like we had that one year and jump on the Panther bandwagon. We love the panthers. Let's chew that up. You got it now. Summer. Jolene. He's still a Nashville. I'll write it. Well, I'm good thing. I'm not. I hope they didn't say that. I hope they didn't say that. Those people to attend a scene. They probably did. Have they suffered enough? 130 already a QAM when disaster strikes. And this event we're talking to course about hurricane Katrina and your home or business is suffered water damage. There's only one place to call and we're talking about drug concepts. Drug concepts can be moved access water and dry your home or business quickly and using the latest innovations in drying technology. Drug concepts dry and system can eliminate the need for costly reconstruction and replace another treasure belongings too. One healthy mold and mildew conditions are eliminated by the proper uses specializing drying up whatever. If the damage is more extensive, drug concepts, slices, contractors can provide need of estimates and professional services too. So if water damage hit you hard, don't panic. Do the same thing I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes called the professionals. The best in the universe of drug concepts. Calm, full free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around a wicked web. It's drug concepts. This is Neal Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-6. A Florida Marlins. The Washington National. This is a help-lance. Marlins on deck. Start your coverage. Tonight it's 6-30 in the prison of light bells out. There's only one place to give all done Florida Marlins baseball. It's worth where you find 60. 10-way jam. George Bush doesn't care about black people. Coming up tonight, uninsigned behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. It's time to play 60-grees of Scientology. And we start it all up with... ...Oinguell Boinguell. ...The best in the world. ...The best in the world. ...The best in the world. ...The best in the world. Okay! Oinguell Boinguell was co-founded by Danny Elfman. John Laksen is a reporter for the magazine at your team at Minimum. Danny Elfman went on to a big career writing soundtracks like Batman and Dolores Clayborn. Dolores Clayborn star Jennifer Jason Lay who co-starred with Brigitte Fonda in single white female. Brigitte Fonda is now Mary to Danny Elfman, who is related by marriage to Jenna Elfman. Star of the sucking TV show, Darmand Gray. Jenna Mary Danny Elfman's nephew, Body Elfman, and converted to Scientology for him. While ah, the really amazing thing is that even Scientology couldn't stop Darmand Gray from sucking. That's true, but him down is Body Elfman. Good question! He's had a lot of bit-tarks in movies, but so far Scientology really hasn't done crap for his career. In fact, I'll bet a lot of people think that if they become a Scientologist, they'll become as famous as John Travoltais. Fat as Cursey Aliore is closet in his Tom Cruise. The reality is, most Scientologists are anonymous losers, just like the rest of us. They're not Scientologists. Yet, they were famous. Go figure it. It's a big juicy, soft and wet-look at show business. Tonight, on inside of our room. Do they say it's closet in his Tom Cruise, they tell me. Too fair! 136-24-02-8-UAM, a visibly angry Mayor Richard Daily of Chicago, said the city of Alfred Emergency Medical and Technical Health, to the federal government as early as last Sunday. Not this past Sunday, but a week ago Sunday, following, involved. To assist people in this area, strictly by Hurricane Katrina, but as of Friday, meaning this past Friday, the only thing is the fence that they wanted was a single tank truck. The truck, which the FEMA requested is the support and delivery of based medical teams on route on Friday. We're ready to provide more help than they have requested. We're just waiting for their calls to Daily, adding that it was shocked that nobody seemed to want the help. We're going to have to help from those 60 countries of whatever it is now. Well, we're thinking about it. We're going to do a study. We've got our pride. Right. Meanwhile, and I knew we'd hear from him sooner or later. I knew it would be sad to just hang it out with him. You said it to Barack Obama City. We call for congressional hearings into the federal government's preparations and response. The response was achingly slow, and that I think is a view shared by Democrats, Republicans, wealthy and poor black and white, the freshman senator said, I haven't met anybody who's watched his crisis evolve over the last several days who isn't just furious at how poorly prepared we appear to be. The Southside Democrat called FEMA slowly spawns battling. I don't understand how you could have a situation where you've got several days notice of an enormous hurricane building in the Gulf Coast. You know that New Orleans is six feet below sea level. The notion that you don't have good plans in place just doesn't make sense. Obama said, Obama says he expects his counterparts in Louisiana, Mississippi, a rally battle of call for congressional hearings, but he's ready if they don't. It's heartbreaking and infuriating, and I think it's embarrassing to the American people and Barack happens to be. Absolutely correct. Really said the city offered 36 members of the Far Fires technical rescue teams, 80 emergency medical technicians, Search and Rescue Equipment, more than 100 police officers, as well as police vehicles and two boats, 29 clinical 117 9 clinical health workers, a mobile clinic, eight train personnel, 143 sanitation workers and 29 trucks plus other supplies and a partridge in a pair of trees. City personnel also were running to operate south sufficiently. It wouldn't depend on local authorities for food, water shelter, and other supplies he said. And they said, Uh-uh, Just one truck will do, thank you. I'll see you didn't want to make him look at because he's an American United Chicago. Oh, oh, thank you for all these other things. He's looking at me. He has to look at me. I don't want to do anything make him look good like he's a decent guy. Really pathetic. And you know what this is? This is like the Iraqi attack all over again. I mean, it's just people dying. Isn't people dying? Total incompetence lies to their teeth. I mean, Michael Cherdoff, for him to go on here on Thursday and give us some evidence about he didn't know those people were the convention center. I got news for you. I mean, you're going to rotten hell for a long time, Mr. Cherdoff. You sell out. Oh, God. You see, one thing you'll find out about it in the blacks or Jews who are involved in this bush administration, they're all sell out. They're all self-hating. And he's one of them. Cherdoff, my ass. 820 votes by the way, made your 800. Is that what you were calling for? Yep. I'll deliver. Those who deal with disaster on the local level of war in Congress and the Bush administration earlier this year that training and equipment for first responders were titled too much tour. Till today too much, I'm sorry. It's interesting. Till today too much tour of combating terrorism in a way from dealing with natural disasters like hurricanes. And of course, people are thinking, well, we saw some of that came last night and hurricane that disaster would be the right word. Wouldn't it? Because that in there of such a football football, yeah. You need a ball. Congressional investigators urge you administration to correct the tilt but no changes were made. Emergency for some again raising when flags, when FEMA lost this independence and joined the 20th of agency, the National Land Security Department marched 2003. That's one of the main reasons that this disaster went down as it did. The man was the Department was created in 2002 as a response to the lack of coordination part of 911 terrorist attacks. And this emphasis clearly is terrorism. Officials developed in all hazards policy that had used the same training exercises in equipment and prayer for two distinct types of disasters. A terrorist attack and the event of nature. Congress's GAO reported in July that of 39 first responded department surveyed 31 disagreements. We won disagree that the training and grant funds worked for all types of hazards in addition. Officials from for first responded department was one on to say that the HHS required too much emphasis on terrorism related activities and requests for equipment and grant. And it was basically they don't care anymore about natural disasters. Well, they're already. And I'm going to tell you one thing, even though we don't have no levies. We got a few levies. But if we should ever get hit again by a cat five or in Florida and the one that doesn't have to go away, down south for most of the population is not, you can't even begin to imagine what to tell a would be. Can you begin? No, I don't want to begin. Don't even think about it. And I think the eye probably would write over your house again. This is real Roger's. This is 5.62. Do it again. Yeah. Hit it. Thank you. Hi, sweetheart. How are you? Hi, it's the Myside Limit. Hey, culper. We do want it. Seven to 10. Spins had to make some cuts. You have to day a month. Then a rocker lived on at Perry John. Yeah, excuse me. I know you went to the U.A. did. Is that a big shock? Is that what? Which had named him first. And the curry was a more significant tough than Brock. I think the fans down here are more conservative. Oh, yeah. They were sitting up nice grain for Brock. They were man. They wanted to be the third stringer of the brand. Yeah. Go to that. They wanted him to replace Sage. You're right. You're wrong. Goodbye. No. Now you're up to his own. He's over seven against. What's with you, vice-esistence? Roger's. Go. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're leaving. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. There are a small trees and there's really. He's got something at the point that didn't mean. And there's a big poison, and there's a small poison, and there's a small poison. There's a small poison, and there's a small poison. And all you know it is a small poison. There's an amazing poison. There's an amazing poison. If he shoots dead, cut by his eyes, it's a small poison. It's a saffordie that soldier's cut. It ends with me and I might get shot The god's as a strip is like a bull's on All we've got is some strings of stone You've got the noisy kids that do the things And all the noisy kids that do the things And all the noisy kids that do the things And all we've got is theres no need to sit Hold on We've got our own belongings And all we've got benefits That soldiers got Both  it gotse Then immogloent I might get shot All right It sends us that soldiers got Five hundred men One forty six fourteen Go to the mole stripper be on a two o'clock with some more on misinformation and we got the man dog at 430 marlins baseball tonight you know they lately seem to be losing on the wrong days you know i mean i'm not with so few games left it's on any day good day to lose but very good i'm saying but they're still on one game back so you know like two days ago i mean like all the other wildcard teams uh lost in the braze even was everybody around contending it said a were lost and they made a lost two that's right it was not good that's how it's been working on and then yesterday some people won and they lost which is really bad and anyway let's get sports intensive for just one moment here's the important stuff okay for the are you where this uh name change of the arena the macarina nope you Josh i'm not for the second time the panthers are changing the name of their sunrise of winy brow differential confirmed on Friday see you're missing the important stuff your concentrate on stuff like dead people and uh hurricanes the name of the arena is expected it changed from office depot center to a name featuring bank Atlantic probably bank Atlantic center according to two officials who are briefed on the agreement but requested anonymity because they don't want to get shot Roger day jarlay the barricade minister to say the infredited that office depot name is being replaced on the building but wasn't told with the new name but two sources said the panthers have been working to finalize the deal but for a lot of day based bank Atlantic once or said the deal with bank Atlantic likely would be more lucrative than office depots which paid about a million years office depot replaced national car rental as the intice center title sub 10 or 2002 national car rental had paid about 2.2 million year the naming rights money goes to a general revenue pot in other words pot for all the players which the panthers keep the first 14 million dollars annually above that figure 20% of the private school of the county anybody hear any more about the slaps or I'm sorry maybe they can like give you take all those ones from baluxy there you go they're just yeah well there a little wet and of course maybe that's good for the gamblers out there because maybe being waterlogged it might compete to computers you want to say yeah so maybe we might have a shot because otherwise you got no shot so the renaming of course if they name it a set see that's something like a rager center that they everybody comes here to the wrong I mean what was wrong with the sky don't that's a good name right yeah sky to a great name but then Rogers cable which is by the way great but nevertheless they bought it out they change the name of the state into the rager center which you know I appreciate that I take it as a personal compliment but everybody makes one of that name and rightfully so because the name sucks Rogers center my ass speaking of ass here is somebody with a big one Dana Stevens writes what is this in oh slate dot com one of the most puzzling recent hires in cable news is been MSNBC's coaching of the anchor we did cause me from Fox News this month caused me began hosting a nightly news show which airs at nine p.m. we've met it's premier august eight bump situation with tougher crossing in the eleven p.m. slot formerly occupied by a hardball rerun basically what that means is MSNBC should just shut down MSNBC's anchor netting of caused me from Fox represents the third place cable news whenever's attempt at landing what variety recently called the news ratings grabber the crusading blan of the crime in justice beat back in 2001 see an install follows on from Fox was obliging a breach of employment contracts with those ladies missed and years long vendetta between Zanan Fox Steve Roger Aelsford told the New York Times he could have put a dead rat cool nonsons on time slot and got equally good ratings in 2002 all of a way we might not like a single dead rat cool on there on this general by the way this general on a way oh boy what a show he is huh well what do you what yeah and uh she'll in 2002 great of an assessment defected in reverse direction from scene in the fox bencesters ratings have sold during her three or ten years fox especially this summer with her of set of fixation the search for Natalie Holloway the missing teenager in a rouba has made a word of a highest rated and most ridicule personalities on cable news another much hype instance of internet word blan poaching occurred this spring when CNN headline news landed court TV's wildlife a center of the justice system Nancy Grace for its prime time APM slot thank you frame thank you frame oh god what I would like to I'd like to take her and loot dogs and put them in a space capsule and just but the traffic in blan seems to be exceeding almost abstract plain with the acquisition of we to cause b by ms and bc it's as if the new rules of the cable network publicity machine demand that flexing her and her and her women must be routinely seduced away from their networks and the resulting deflections hyped in the press the factions regardless of their virtual industry wishably from one another or their highly dubious contributions of the field of journalism at large how many people actually watch reading cause being a weekend get a one-fah and if she does have a follow-up as the existence of a weed cause the fan couple seemed to indicate can those viewers be dependent on the migrate to a prime time at least show on the least watch cable news network this question brings up a cart corollary that's two-sided pond or for very long what kind of person voluntarily spends their precious weeknight hours watching cable news chat shows a lot of the people can't get on chat rooms I guess watching live and direct this week it's been hard to get a sense of what read was hard to bring down us and bc the aftermath of a devastating hurricane isn't really a week because we kind of the story for one thing, there's nobody to blame for it. Cosby seems much more at home with stories like the disappearance of Olivia Newton John's boyfriend Patrick McDermott. I'd love to attend life's week to pump some juice about this case out of a visibly natural apprival investigative scientist and I would say two words, Las Vegas, OK. Look in Vegas, he's probably hanging out there. And of course, an Adley Holloway story. This week, Cosby was supposed to be important to live from a Rubah, and she actually did broadcast the show from there, but God has thrown her mention to MSMSM these plans to steal away some Annette Lee Holloway's fire from Fox, Hurricane Katrina. There was something bitterly amusing and watching Cosby try to justify her presence at a Rubah. As you know, I just arrived here in a Rubah, which was not hit by the storm, but is dealing with a few of the Natalie Holloway investigation before devoting the rest of her the hour to long-viscence coverage of the mega disaster happening. To make a long story to achieve below his man, the hurricane blew pretty hard. A reed of Cosby blew this. This is Neil Rhyme, who goes to court. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. Now for this year's fantasy draft, dial her up. We don't have dial up. But if you think anybody's got some stuff to do when they're showing for you, how we do that after this to the four hours. Of course, we're going to go to the last season. You can't. Gazing you're on QM. We don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the National Guard. Right? Not the National Guard. No. New Orleans thought it had been fair of the worst. And then two major levees broke and slowly the city filled with water. The city that fiscal low sea level is now underzeed. Officials estimate that 80% of New Orleans is now underwater. The governor has been asking for everybody to stay a prayer. I think we could probably do that for our friend. Last night we began this broadcast saying Katrina was bad. Very bad. Last night we didn't know the truth. We didn't know the half of it. We are still learning just how bad. What I saw it today is a equivalent. So what I saw flying over the tsunami in Indonesia. They are places that are no longer there. Me too. No city of New Orleans. I mean everything is just flooded. Everything. What we're seeing is there right there. Some people being evacuated. We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending AIDS to one another. They're teleconters and rescue teams. Lifting people one by one hundreds and hundreds and all from rooftop. So we're hearing lots of stories like that. People insisting one another. Just fair for them and for not just them all the people down there. You know we're picking up the pieces. We're the men who said they died. We're throwing down the pieces. We're throwing down the pieces. We're throwing down the pieces. We're throwing down the pieces. We're throwing down the pieces. We're throwing down the pieces. We're giving down the pieces. The children conversation through the Jews and the Germans. the house brought out some of mankind's very best. I have to make people join the next day of prayer to predict them in their families. God bless. Oh yeah, as they say in Hell's Sikhi and W. Ask me or President, 840 or some votes, 851. You see, we could have made that 900. We could have made 855. If you'd like a lean right on and pushed it. He just weren't pushing and hard enough, but I'm sure you heard that before. Because of the pathetic hurricane response who needs most urgently to resider to be fired and it is our poll question today. George W. Bush 250, are you surprised of course not? No, no, no. In peach baby in fact he's got over 30. God third man. What's in? All of the above now, Proto-Subato, get rid of him now 240. When it doubted, toss him out. The head of FEMA, downtown Mickey Brown, when he was three. Mickey Brown. Head of Homeland Security, Michael Trudeau, who don't have no TV set 57. Governor Luzia in a 47 may of New Orleans 36. Nobody, they all did fine 21. Yeah, well, Blitzgreen 3M, Lou Doves, Solomon Thayton, Lou Noves. Bye bye! When it comes to entertainment, it's Neil Rogers midday. Oh, I don't want to spoil your mind. Double UCLA, Miami, Fort Lauderdale. What kind of sick twisted game are you playing after? Go back to your father. And resume your hockey sack. Never.