But two tell silver, but there's nobody engineering. No, that door still closed. So we're not streaming. And also, I guess we have, I just had a call from Norma Kent on the, you know, I'm running back and forth between Runroom and other. This is madness. This is lunacy. This is part for the course for this company. This is exactly the way these people run their business, like a bunch of crazy people. And there's one name I can give you that they, I guess, I, I don't know, maybe they'll dump this one too. Joyce, she's the one who's behind all of this latest overreactment insanity. Now, we're going to know whether these, see, if we're going to have a new list of names and things and words that we can't say, where's the list? Okay. I think maybe our middle management flux is ought to be like, frankly, typing up a list of things that I shouldn't be talking about. Names that we can't mention, people we can't refer to all of these things. You know what I'm saying? All of these things. Right. Subjects we don't dare broach all of this stuff. Moving in just like like folding like an accordion, like I said. It's not bad enough that we're already under this super regulation where we can't say much of anything where they've turned to clockback 20 years stuff that we've played on the year for 20 years plus that we can't tell you anymore. That's not bad enough. But now, and to be honest with you, at this stage of the game, I have got no idea where to go with this show today. One, this screen is up. The stream is up. Well, let's go. We're streaming on the internet for anybody who missed it in the beginning. I'll tell you a whole bunch of stuff. I'll delve dump it. I'll repeat what I said in the beginning of the show and that was dump it. You see, because here's the way I look at it. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. If you have an agreement with somebody and they claim that you're not up that you violated, then why don't you continue violating? In other words, if they feel that they can go ahead and start their old madness again, then why don't you show them you? But let me see it again. Where is the list of prohibited words and names and subjects and everything is taboo now on a show? How about those pizza? There you go. Do a sports show. Then get the clearance all of a sudden. Quite frankly, I didn't think there wasn't any sports being played right now. Is there? I mean, the NBA don't consider sports. There are any sports going on. Oh, that's madness. That's right. The NCAA is like to talk about Marshmattas. How about those hurricanes? Oh, that's right. They lost. But the NAID got the NIT. That's pretty exciting. Huh? Everybody whipped up into a frenzy about the NIT. There's a the NOT. Not. Wow. Just absolute crazy people. I mean, we knew before at 9.57 this morning that we were dealing with crazy people. Now, what was Hank told? What would happen would Hank do in our crossover? Because that was he just kind of disappeared. I think he was looking to talk to you. He had no idea. Right. Somebody wanted a body block to. It's most of been. I think it might have been tough. And Clarets to body block the Humper. That would have taken. I think it might have been tough. I'd probably have had a lot of a sign. That was, yeah, was his panic. I'm hearing of beeping on my fast machine. But there's nothing going on with that. Something you're sending me. Maybe that's the lid. That's the list of the new list of names. And for having it words and topics and somethings. And this and. Yeah, that. That we can't talk about here on QA. I'll take it one thing. If I was Tom Jick, I'd be on the phone to me. A two-a-one this afternoon. If I got a great story for him. And nobody's going to prevent me from giving it to the immediate. Nobody. Let me say if they want to censor me here on the show, that's a serial. I was going to say it to their license. Although quite frankly, I don't think they got one. Oh, look at this. Did you just say that to me? Yeah, coincidists. Wow. Oh, this is special. I'm just I'm just going to leave the one name out. This is great timing. This actually put a smile on my ugly post from Joan Fleshman's column in a Harold. Over the holidays, cruel geables residents Howard and Shelley get load. They're created the yard of their Santa's sent-day street tom with a beer-brested blow-up dowel ringer right Christmas else camp. Not a nut nice is the city beautiful. Stacked with a zoning code violation. They get loads are fighting back. The complainant is. Who lives near the get-loads? The dowel he says is a sex device. He filed off a bunch of emails to Howard get low. 57 University of Miami management science professor. Copy's coraguable city officials and you and president Donna Shalayley. Top thoughtful to link a. Faction A to the spirit of Christmas is this individual. This guy thinks he has to write to us all our 12 year old son with his daughter. He says another. Geables code enforcement officers. A dollful big rc a ticket to get loads on December 20th under Section 18 17. A cruel geable city zoning code. It prohibits pennants, banners, balloons and other attention attractors. Thercy noted on the ticket display an offensive inflatable dowel. And offensive not just inflatable dowel but an offensive old. Shelley get low 54 says the dowel was a display was her idea. She says I have an act of imagination. Neither she nor husband thought it was offensive. It's a blow up mannequin. The get-loads are contesting the citation and appear now this is an old story. This is from January 26th. To the head of a parent city hall February 9th before a ticket hearing officer and it's a result. Thought I would know what the resolution that is. They will find more about it. But we certainly can't talk about anybody involved in. Other than the get-loads. They're name might be a list too. Where is he? Okay, looking for the list. On now this is from a big Tim. Says I've had serious for about a year and a half and I'm dying to hear you on censored. On hey listen, on censored is like I don't even want that. I just like to go back to where it was on Friday. You're like English right. Just to be able to speak without the ping in your pants and every other word. Oh, see there he goes again. Asked for the cool management of QM without Neil. I personally have no reason to turn your station on again. No fading. No beeps to lost dialogue. I don't think I'll be alone in his either. I'll keep my fingers crossed over a quick buyout. It's a big Tim. Well, I mean, I thought that we're discussing going out with serious anywhere. They're supposed to be in the in lieu of that. It was something productive and progressive and that really could have been sensational for everybody. Instead of that as usual, we had the joist corporate overreaction and psychosis going on today. And if you tuned in in midstream, we were going to do the usual show that we got my whole pile of stuff in our polls and all the pictures. And we got Melissa George on the website. Although quite frankly, I'm not so sure we ought to have that on either, right? Now that you mentioned it, I'm at B.D. Curtain. We might have to give you like everybody their own private password to get down to B.D. Curtain to make sure we check ID first. Because if we don't, we could be in big service. We're not seeing any more righteous. That's hallucinating. We're not seeing any more righteous. But do you have a heart or a liver? Oh, can't go. Oh, can't go. We're not going to get here. Oh, bro. Oh, can't go. Oh, hold the greatest feel. No ever when still faithful we've grown and we've set out stars. We only fight each other's will be inside the fire. We'll have a strong bonding energy. Oh, funeral等一下. Oh, though it's a fierce sharks again it'll backlash it but not more. Oh, can't hits your that scar inside but more. I Ever do a Daniel Daniel Jimmy we got the Greg and Joyce and Joyce and Greg we got a match made in purgatory I make no mistake about it. We're all suffering the fall out anyway. Here's the pull from my Friday Who's your favorite actor actress who made it big and spite of being ugly? Nobody can I do that anymore? What you know what you know about You do see one like that Can you do that now that we're being monitored? You don't have to worry about it because we're in doubt. They'll dump it out. Oh, that's right. When it got to I'll sleep Good Oh, yeah Just relax my ass No, not that okay, and either You'll make another stuff. I still don't see I mean they got the facts number here. They could be faxing any I think they want to do but no and no input no information because don't don't through there And that's it Of course, I don't know what they said that they say don't do I don't know what they say don't know what they say don't know Don't know whatever. I always press that a song called don't and I guess that's gonna be our theme song now If you have whatever you think of doing or say don't Don't say it don't do it don't think about it don't breathe it don't uh oh man as a matter of fact I've got some nice instrumental religious music now. It would be good. It will be soothing right. Oh, that's Literally this will be a recoupling how appropriate And that's what today is man. It's like funeral for QA. I'm wait a lot next trend comes out. You think the last one was good wait to you see this Oh, I love it now for you just make some pancakes with real butter Could be a range And it'd be great by the crispy cream as a poisoning the body of the building there They got 80 million boxes of crispy cream donuts in there. I had a whole box did you really know you did I swear What is there like nine in a box does does that does that dirty? Doesn't you didn't you doesn't don't oh What did I did I thought I smelled something all the way up here Can you smell it folks? Josh oh, we better not make any more reference to that because that sounds like you know what kind of activity to me So I'll go for yourself accordingly. Okay, do not make any reference to any kind of right smells oh I said we asked on Friday Who's your favorite actor actress who made it big and spite of being ugly Steve was she me came from behind in one 221 the Charles Brotson 1993 Happy Bogotow respectable third hundred and twenty five little zany de vito mr Martinie mancini martini 101 nice fourth place after that Rodney danger field 90 Christopher walk in 63 feet. I mean all these dishes take this to eleven o'clock It's a nice safe list by the way. Doff don't worry don't get into a panic Christopher walk in 63 barber stri-san 55 water math out 36 will be goberg not Hank What's he goberg head 34 Syracca Jessica Parker 33 Marty Feldman had not turned man What do you know in twenty seven Kathy bates 27 I'm not gonna read these all too many Gene Hackman and more Morgan Freeman 25 a piece James woods and Boris Carl off 24 piece I'll just do the Plus Don knots and Edward James almost 21 and Billy Bob Thornton had 20 Gene Wilder and it as near bubbling under with 19 well it was so close to twenty right I get me the whole list but it'll be really Pondrous I So we got Melissa George on the beaten curtain today. Let's take a look at Melissa born August 6 1976 which makes sure 20 almost 29 not quite almost not Quite born in Perth Western Australia She dropped out of high school at eight 16 and take a look at her now on a baby curtain She's making the rail right now and don't be doing that. Oh, sorry. Are you out of your mind? Are you crazy or what? I hope don't do dump it when it's out up and out bleep it out okay bleep it bleep it bleep it They got both of them a lot of practice when stern was on and now we're bleep in this show Okay away from the start bleep in the encaplan show that'll be good In fact, you know, I think what's coming soon if Joyce has a wait We're gonna be dumping sporty news radio to the five in a morning. How do you like them apples? By the way, I mentioned I saw those two movies over the weekend. I mentioned that on the year I mentioned it off the year Long before when we were thought we were gonna do like a radio show today Because you know where times sure a lot of you have seen casino. It's it's really not very good Did you like it? I like that at the time that I tried to watch it again and it was not as good So it was like it's your passion. They're doing his vocal Brian routine the on those same person Passion vocal and vocal and passion the same person. I thought it was delightful if any of it was true You know about the go-ins on it was insightful about the go-ins on all that back room shenanigans Yeah, we had a many of those casino time movies all over us. See that one. I don't know Movies about 10 years old whatever seven and I saw when it first came out and it was okay But seeing it again. I have no idea why I watched it all the way through No idea that no sorry That must have been it but I didn't watch it all the way through when it ended like kind of like Yeah, I don't want to scroll the ending for it where he's got the big glasses on he's sitting there He's back in San Diego. He's a handy cap in a horse's way and he came out okay and everybody else is dead, you know Tuss I don't like that narration thing. I can't stand it like good fellows, you know, it's for and in this movie It's narrated by alternately between Joe Peshie and the De Niro and then Joe Peshie is still narrating when he's getting killed Which I find kind of bizarre. You know his brother gets it and they do it and they bury them alive You know, and just oh yeah, I'm perspective on that Yeah, it was timely but this like our little notification right before the show day was very timely You know, they had a kiss to microphone and a ground in there and there buttons that I'm still here right now They had to be kiss in each other. It's probably are any any lesser of a man would have just got nothing Gone into the room and gone back to bed and just said hey you do it to screw you. Thank you ought to be real happy yourself ecstatic nothing. I wasn't ready for it Yeah, when you blame me if I didn't just send screw you Yeah, you know, I'll let the Lord of the work this out. Would you be if I say please don't you have no idea? You think you know something you have no concept. I'm not embellishing. I'm not exaggerating I'm not making up these are certifiably Crazy people. I'm talking about all the people involved in these lesionate against all of them on both sides all sides Whatever side they they're just crazy. They're nuts And it's just never stops the panic the hysteria. I'm gonna tell you right now You know even after they finally Got the feral off after they find the kick his ass out. Hopefully you say that we made we made a comeback We had Joe Rosen there. We got a big spring book in everything we we made this phenomenal comeback Everything seemed to be we were gonna survive that 55,000 dollar fine for for All and everything looked like we know hockey door By the way, what somebody tell Bob she for that on the meat? CBS not really news. You don't say okay dokey I gave up on it. I swear to you on Friday He got a report from one of the CBS reporters out there in the field and it came back and he said okay dokey And I thought to myself you people at CBS what used to you're not gonna see a tear from the CBS I you're gonna see a flood of tears. You're gonna be drowning in it Okey dokey Wow, he is not now you thought defa was corny this man is just an old Yahoo cornball Bob she for so I'm done with CBS I'm definitely not gonna watch Brian Williams because he's a rush look at thing Not a lot Peter Jenny so I guess I'm gonna be on Peter by default because I don't like Peter Jennings even a little tiny But I don't like ABC news the whole presentation is kind of like stale in a lot of the Southern about it Anyway, Melissa George did I ever get through with her she's doing the rail ride now the amitive railhorer Which definitely did not need to be remade it's completed is that out yet? I think I would out of it I don't know the original one was though who was that James Brolin was in it? I don't know that like that one either I am not saying I liked it. It was horrible, but it was it didn't need to be remade Ali is the TV series she was in that town with love lost an ice-daved new port south mall Hollander Oh my Holland drive she was good and that that was a good movie. Did I see that? I don't think I saw that. Oh come on that was great Was it yeah really bizarre? I'll take it out sugar and spice the limey dark city Hollywood fable roar home in a way just a whole Tom I was gonna say Schmidt low, but I'm sure that's all that What don't say that well once you're on with that? That's just too close no a close to what close to home. I need to know okay We need to have better specifications. We need to have better instructions We need to know you're laughing like this. I've been funny about this. This is pathetic This is absolutely pathetic. Yeah Exactly foil boy I mean you talk about hysteria and paranoia and overreaction and psychosis that's us All of them are chill right there. You bet it all hysteria is us I do I do Hey folks it's great to be here at the Santa Maria court house Oh germs hey I got good news and bad news. You have a good news ends you don't have to go to work today Of that is this your Michael Jackson's peers I feel for Michael Jackson I really do I mean I wouldn't want my future in the hands of 12 people or one even Smong us to get out of jury duty Hey look over there it's Michael's attorney Thomas Mezzarold Jr Hey by the way Thomas Edgar Winnock called yeah you want some care back I Know this got a tough job. I mean it's gonna be tough to defend Michael's act Right I mean seeing us out the only person I think he's innocent it's her role doll Hey stick around we got a great job coming up and after the break believe it out the dancing he knows wrong trial of the century He's the Man is he a panic or one Now He's the 256 and 567 WC come I'm just gonna continue and do the show and now with tough and hell with carrots What joy to hell with Greg and hell with the other unmexinable parties I hope you all rotten hell together. Okay, there's a special place in hell See when you bring to their retention certain legitimate problems they can't deal with those They can never get like what you were talking about in the studio being trashed this morning before you came in Another weekend a party all the stuff being rightful out of there But looted and and the sales department all these things can't deal with those things But when it comes to overreacting to crap you know the same crap has been going on for years years Oh my god the sky is falling and Greg's upset and Jerry's just have another period. Yeah, right? Hey, Joyce blow it out here Recto idiot, oh she didn't said that that'll never get on Now what weren't you were you were you were both you and the Josh there were your witnesses Were we told that we were being monitored for possible FCC violations now correct That's right. It's an FCC violation to say rectum or Schmidt I mean I know guys I remember Josh mid you used to play for lions middle lineback There are a lot of things that were not a lot to say that are not FCC violation I know that and then of course that's joy to do this Make sure just like he's doing today makes it up I think I think today has been a real awakening for me and you know what I need like I haven't seen for a long time or real attorney I just read another email from a norma you know norma can't and But it would put it up and I'm gonna do this not go to that hey better get your settled and first norma before you were about Can anything done for me? Okay This this whole business this whole insanity that we're going We're contending with could have been taken care of a long time ago in a variety of different ways You know as far as appeasing whoever it is that I've been out of shape with us, but no not that No, let's not sign off on all this and finally ended on I think there's a certain amount of enjoyment it didn't I talk about that a couple weeks ago right about this The movie the hit your would see Thomas Howell and right your howell and this fitting in the face senior I think there's a certain amount of sexual emotional excitement going on there that this will never end this madness Because I would be perfectly Ecstatic if other people are going to violate an agreement I'll be delighted to come on the ear and as I tried it in the beginning we part kept getting dumped This is gonna start starting like the stern show. It's gonna start starting like a piece of Swiss cheese At no point in it, but he ever tell me that I couldn't You certain names on any names on ear. Did they did you hear it? No, not before now and so if that's gonna be But it's it's like you said it's typical she just keeps making it up as she goes along This is a woman who has no it's no background no experience in broadcast radio She's a a funky is what she is Provided show corporate just how she's been a handle this way of handle it real well so far honey You've done a hell of a masterful job you damn near a blue all of us away me and Hank and the mad dog with those Contract negotiations that was mighty pleasant Anyway, here's our full of a and the reason I'm doing this full today is because I had different pull I was gonna do but everybody in their brother This is the new thing they're talking about especially after Condolisa Made her 18 appearances on the Sunday morning talk show yesterday. Oh, and I'm not writing for president And that's about an all the subocrat but now of course these speculation is because if anybody says they're not gonna do it that Automatically we're supposed to assume that they are right right right like the Messiah thing I'm not the Messiah. Oh, then you must be right if Hillary Clinton and Condolisa rise ran for president in 2008 Who would you vote for I got four choices on here for you and here's what we have so far? 449 votes. That's gonna put it on there early again because I thought we were doing our usual show today But come to find out we're not we're doing Beacley broadcasting goes crazy again Beacley broadcasting loses their composure loses their cool and starts lashing out in all directions because Joyce is a Dunderhead a knucklehead you are I got news for it's not anybody on the outside who's our biggest enemy It's Joyce over there in Naples that's when we have to contend with and just like you said She's got this list longer than you are of all of these words all these things that we can't say that had nothing not even close to FCC regulations And of course do we have anybody in the building is gonna go to bed for us? Oh, you're gonna say oh gee, I think you're way over to line you at our no we got a bunch of yes men a bunch of whims who are of course monitoring right now And that's exactly of course what our leader wants because that's the only way he could be the district surrounding himself for the bunch of yes men Oh yes Greg whatever you say oh Greg it's a lawsuit It's a super egg, but whatever you know It's very sad this could be one hell of a radio station and at various times it has been a few moments here and a few moments there But you know they never leave it alone long enough for that to like settle in for it to purple light 449 votes on a pool already 456 like I said if Hillary ran against condolese in 2008. I think that'd be great I and I could be wrong call me crazy, but somehow even those rabbit Republicans and leaves out voting for a and she's not where you all that dark But nevertheless, we know that she happens to be dark. I'm corrected right condolese for hard All right, she's got a girl at we know for getting a butter skin color. We know that Tell me 267 of course keeping a mind it's this liberal neo Rogers crowd. I leave the country 103. I don't blame you Condolese 56 and wouldn't vote at all see how many say that 30 30 I'm 150 six votes If you tune in late you're lucky. I saw I can tell you this morning. Okay. We have more corporate chin-annigins going on More hysteria more joys psychosis on a west coast here's a good story though. I like this from Amsterdam a dust cafeteria owner using typing half French fries to fend off a gunwheel They would be robber police in the southern city of Helmont, said on Friday Fries or fritas are national snack and Helen and Belgium where they are deep fried in oil and southern eat with mayonnaise and chopped onions as they say in China Fair It was not known if the copper who's ate was estimated at 16 was burned He had threatened the owner and his wife with a handgun There's the night police said all brother now there are wielding guns in amasted am there's no hope He wanted money a police report said but once he had hot fritas coming his way decided to hit had enough He's there come to be hot fritas the fries were cooling in a pot when you're through the Matthew and tutor Police described the youth who was still a large is thin white and would a pump nose That narrows it down a lot and that yeah, I think it might have been the male that did a man That's a bad nose for all you UM fans. I could take some calls here but quite frankly I mean just keep in mind you're being monitored. Okay, and in addition with speaking of being monitored to show you our brain trust we got co-nerd did you hear the mad dog promo? Yeah, I did I was talking to Josh about it telling him all about the history of that and how yeah The history behind that if if we had anybody involved in those promos who knew what goes on in his radio station We've been trying for seven years now to get that little band of Julios that Circle group of the noon circle group off the air and off our show and off all radio station and and their favorite trick is to like call in and drop the name of one of their buddies We've been here in a crisp bush stuff ever since we started on QM and of course you go to great lines to either dump it or just just You're rid of them whatever you can do because they're chronic no life idiots who you know Squeeze each other when they hear oh, I can't say that I'm talking about squeezing each other around the shoulders, you know Run now they hear get their name on here and so not only do we elect we encourage you by making a promo a lot of our He how many times does he say Chris or study? Times in a promo course mad dogs. I know I do what he's talking about first we fall for it then we advertise the package Right right right nice going there clearance or whoever's responsible for that stupidity Well, I'm telling you seven other worlds either regular radio shows are a well I see a world apart I see I was gonna take some calls that as soon as I said I was they kind of like ran away Since I told them they were being monitored how do you like that by dust and clearance by the word Pulling yeah So we'll take some of your calls here five six seven oh five sixty if we get any pound five sixty any Verizon and Sing it a wireless line man. No line six. You know what that is WQA and hello 2 am going once going twice that was it okay. That was a lovely of our call so far Really believe you believe this Thanks Joyce thanks for making our day Joyce must be Irish as a matter of fact I think she is that is an Irish name isn't it it could be could very well be a happy cent patty's Day to a Joyce you nasty hateful bitch Can we say I think it on either I have no way of knowing even when there if they're in there Which was supposed to lay yes that's the service supposed to lay so many Q. I am hello To I am there there being cute oh Me oh Yes, I think it only be one response to this I think you need to put Joyce on the beat of curtain See magnitude here with 1920 blue. I got news for us here we'd be on federal on death row and federal prison if we did Committed a crime like that oh my god from what I understand You don't want to see Joyce even with the clothes on which lawyer at okay? Hey closing yes You ready good god who is I don't know oh WQA I'm hello I know how you're doing very bad. I I want to have how does how does QA m buckle down to just one person because they're a bunch of wins because they had because they're See when your attorney is Joyce when she's your corporate attorney that's why we continue day after day Week after week month after month of being in this position where we have to keep you know rolling over in the playing dead I just don't believe this I mean you I imagine are the highest rated there and and you the highest rated for one reason and that's because you you will have the best program And then these people don't respect that And they can care about program. They don't care about ratings all they care about is that they're scared to death They're in over their head still are drowning in their ping in their pants and June Allison ain't even around them You're listening to me What is a kind of green arts collection on 560 60 QA and This is the Neil Rogers show This is your blame Any questions? Y'all listen There's a series that tried to be real and had a couple of square words and Dennis Franz was Teamed with David Kowr who's so Jimmy Smith rich shorter than Mark Bobassler and then one show Besides being naked but excited was scary and everyone threw up and turned the channel But the show stayed on for 12 years even though nobody watched it It's new and life baby And what people is to and what people is to and what people And what people is to and what people Six people and my people And what people is to Everybody raised about the Dennis Franz and I show all the way to the box I show so maybe he was great maybe not but his performance in dress to kill was a Business at best it was bad. I don't want to mention that but it's just that he was pathetic. It's a good movie But he was horrible in it. Remember that he was the cop. I don't remember his performance So you're lucky. Yeah, five hundred and thirteen votes on the poll. He'll be against Kindlees in 2008 and wouldn't have been great Hillary 309. I'd leave the country if that was the case 117 Kindlees is 62 and wouldn't vote 37 and of course our polls at least politically or any issues They mean absolutely nothing like we saw in the uh lot on the um slots thing We're 90% of our people said they would vote it or would vote yes Maybe just a lot of those people didn't bother voting or maybe they're votes didn't get counted one never knows 567560 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines WQAM hello yeah, new yes, sir Yeah, you mentioned that earlier about uh just walking off I was hoping that you would just do that That I would just hear a big mic just going boom and you and George is walking on the show Yeah, yeah, I could just get terrorized the whole Registration because they let him that's that's how anybody can do it because when you're dealing with people who are who don't know what they're doing With people who are cowards with people who scare very easily That's the way it works that's the result you get as opposed to people you know saying they cut the crap 567560 pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines nine fifty six this morning a moment that will live in infamy It's just like Pearl Harbor all over again a horrendous blast Mental existence and of course being preceded by so well we know the timing of this is real bad And of course my my great attorney who was on the phone for out of guy only found his out of the wilder But when he called here 40 minutes with Joyce before this happened Now when you think I had a heads up from him about this is opposed to finding out nine fifty six from clearance and stuff that we have Oh this guy is holding we're gonna monitor your show Everybody stay Have a better beer When you think that would have been a more intelligent way but my agent is a two busy being a baseball star He's the busy being a radio star on FTL being Joyce Kaufman Jr Whatever Former lines defensive back many blades this kids will appear in court today after being arrested for failing to attend a hearing a child support case The state attorney general's office said over the weekend Many blades house Brian Dylan Blades was arrested February 17th in Broward after missing the January 7th hearing and taken a Michigan by authorities for the appearance in 36 Record said Allison Pierce spoke some for attorney general Mike Cox. I'm sorry for attorney general Mike Blades attorney David Burgess said neither he nor blades received the notice of the hearing in January And blazes not missed any of the 14 other court dates since the child support case began Blades joined the lines in 1988 played nine seasons in Detroit before Seattle signed him in 1997 after the seahosh released in the following year Now I just had a great idea Now that we have two other people hey see we already have like six delays and thanks to the sternum experiment Which was a disaster we already have like six thirty second delays read about a 45 day delay In fact they show that you're hearing today is we originally did back in November But I was thinking I think that's what we got these two people. You don't have much else to do anyway I'll start just throwing some of those words in there, you know The people awake yeah At least it'll justify Caca all I'm not thinking of that I'm thinking of something that's similar to that Anyway Lades job, but I'm not giving them no ammunition soon. I'm saying right because we we have we haven't been doing anything for a long time That even comes close to the borderline of MCC regulations But don't let that confuse your choice for the fact. Okay, and the fact that they were willing to do was succumb to this Oh, yeah, whatever you say see that that's the kind of management we have we need mostly vanishing but we need And so at a time when our management supposed to be talking to an orma can about the serious situation about us Simultiasting our show on satellite radio and like branching out and we're doing something productive And a lot of fun and really great. There will be good for the show and good for the station and good for our lives as opposed to that It always comes to this these people could take a white dream and turn it into a Anganizing experience They could take a birthday party and turn into a week They could take Christmas and turn it into a young kipper You know I'm saying what do you say that's their specialty misery is us In fact, I wouldn't be surprised at Kathy bases the same person's choice. I heard that I would like to see her I would like to see her break Great sneak apps so I pay to see that just to get back at him. We're all as lazy to back Well, you know back in December Anyway, Seattle signed 20 in 1997 after the sea好吃 released him to following your blades at former University My me stand out. Oh my god move to plantation where he worked as a substitute teacher during hearing Friday for a conference on his Case blades told circuit court judge G and Steppi and that he's trying to get a certificate So it can become a full fledg teacher He played a building August of failing transport at one time he owed nearly 300 grand in child support to the market mother of a young girl The girl is one of at least six children plays his head with six different women. He likes to spread it around Cox charge blades for failing to pay child support November 2003 if blades meets the term of the play agreement The play was expected to be withdrawn the charge to be dismissed Suspended the sense like that he's got six kids with six different to women Friday. Yeah, spice alive five six seven oh five 16 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line My mind is just racing in all kinds of directions now just racing around like a Guinea pig in a cage Like a durable in a cage. Oh, sorry. I can't say no It's a cage. It's a QAM hello Neo. How you doing today? Okay. I'm doing just great. I think it's time we get our passport candy because this country is now a quasi-passion Yeah, I mean they're offended by you might say one word or a little sound but fake phony news Well, let me just say this to you And the FCC then saving about far it sounds that was Joyce again, okay? See the audience of this station has been conditioned unfortunately to think that all of these things that we've been Proveded from playing and doing and saying that this is and could to comply with the years the structure FCC regulation No, it's just just this one person in Naples making up as she goes along who has absolutely no background in broadcast law whatsoever zero none Well, I think most of the people running our broadcast companies now have no background in broadcasting Yeah, well, most of our grave robbers and it didn't show as I think it's there. I think America is going It's gone I'm gone man. It's just an idea that's a memory. Yeah, and I don't know what we do about it But passport office, Bally good luck to us I got other while they're still giving them out. Take care now. Okay, because you have that goes in fascist countries a lot of times They are on leaving. Oh, no, you're not. Love the others. Yeah, we have ways of making sure you don't leave until we're ready WQAM hello QAM In you know I I was just think your session and I here you have a call of Clinton and What's your name about rice running for president? Right, yeah, yeah, I think if that goes through I think need or one definitely with all this stupid folks we get from Florida 5 670 560 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line and that was so one of our quality calls I hope that they monitored that very carefully and very closely in order to say I hope they're right on top of it Although from what I'm hearing they probably are WQAM You know, are you doing okay? Just their comments about the penny blades Don't you think that maybe after like the fourth or fifth time around you may have said you're maybe I use it calm them this time No, and He was running around maybe he wants to be like George Washington. He wants to be the father of our country You can be the father of your country as a user common food Uh-huh and He wants to be a substitute teacher you must have wrote a lot of cash in his years play it because I Got you see a substitute teacher and pay very much If he much really need the money. Yeah, I've been out like okay good luck to him pal not five six seven O five 60 pound five 60. That's one hell by classy family. No mistake about it Maybe you can go visit what's your name actually Smith and she can make him some real pancakes with real butter Talk about God read this and coach from the Bible. Take a shower take a shower Together. Well not together necessarily she is over that Oh, I'm telling you talk about a feeding frenzy these people are insane. They're obsessed with this story Just obsessed I think CNN and Joyce are in the same boat I think they're both rolled over the edge today together in a banana boat together They're just off the wall with this thing all weekend long Papa Papa Papa Pa And now that the got this and these are serious of interviews with his broad with his blonde The Bimbo It's like she sees the simple tin hope what she's a hero. She's a simple tin. She's a silly person She was she went issue under going over rooms or she could read the Bible Typical what would you expect in Atlanta anyway right? Well yeah, that's what's your respect? That's what you got and then once they say thumbs start talking about the Bible and God and pancakes with real butter butter then ha ha then he really saw the light and these things that she said about him like he just he just wanted a little normal see that's all yeah he just wanted some normalness to his life that's a direct quote first in the when morning look look at the two talked about the Bible she handed him photos of her family her dead husband and her daughter when morning came nickels was overwhelmed when Smith made him pancakes with real butter he totally just wanted some normalness to his wife and you know something that's what won here at Q.A.M. you go girl actually that's what we wanted WQA.M. some normalness in our freaking lives is what we want I'm sorry in our yeah I remember for it for it used to be the commissioner of baseball before our colonists born you know parents the sports expert yeah problem it's after eleven and five sixty wq i'm not taking a real nasty sore throat you know i'm envisioning at least like a month of being out with like some horrible crud what the nice wreck we are for all day so that's beautiful now we just had some nice bottom of pancakes oh yeah with real poison very syrup nice and real i'll tell you one thing we can only hope that's right Josh had a whole box of them i was gonna say well maybe somebody doctored some of the other uh not some in some of the other uh uh pancakes it's not the other donuts well what now what inspired that why how come the crispy are in job with an event or something going on some kind of a special thing going on who had a verse three something i see wouldn't it be a shame if like some of them were like poisoned with some like arsenic and stuff like that and if some of the people that we like a lot and that building started like like speaking out all kinds of not just uh crap all of the floor and just uh gagging and puking and dying horrible that that would be very bad there we saw me now not i just said we like well what your box was okay that's what does it eleven thirteen at five sixty wq a m the main man seen i want to tell you one thing before this continues this whole uh how are we gonna know what's getting on here what's not i don't i if this is gonna turn into another Howard Stern thing where every every time i say anything every time i fart silently here on his end we're gonna have the dump on then uh i want to know about that right now because then i will play music if that's the game they're gonna play then i'm playing music i'm going like uh you know straight to uh my good friend they're burdened coming careful what we don't know what burden is gonna say after all he's Canadian yeah that's true he's from calgary i'm gonna be from Winnipeg i say instrumental only he's a hoser from Winnipeg say i said that anymore that's what i can't say hoser the main man Anthony calyedo except in scuffle mortgage knows that paying off your credit cards lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash investing in real estate all of these things are at the top of your list now florida continues to be one of the hottest real estate markets in the entire country so it just doesn't make sense to keep so much equity tied up in your house or pay those outrageous high interest rates the main man is partnering with kids and distress something abuse and neglected children south order for twenty five years and this year his staff is donating a portion of their commission on every single closed loan for this worthwhile cause what's it's kids at his own the main man knows how important being a peridiso called the main man toll free one triple eight four eight three loan that's one triple eight four eight three loader go to the main man dot com and for you application out online no matter what your situation is you find a solution for you get the deal done so forget about calling anybody else in a mortgage business if you want to deal done right and the way you want to call the main man Anthony calyedo today one triple eight four eight three a flow that's one eight eight four eight three L-O-A-M this is a very special CSI double the murder not a single this is the rest of the day here self-hover sir alone what you say behind a murderer I raise actually finished these pipe on same fabric state everyone's Irish and on CSI double and every one's a suspect okay hurl a he we think employees and the victim with your farm faith and added you'll have to have a thing of this all we're still going to take it out at our folks with question and CSI double is one happy hour of television the final job that you know is murderers murderers could be only got one of this and but our all well I'm what's the end of all again I'm sorry to that CSI double okay let me just click send here on this email to normal that's based in normal you're full of it like usual it's 11 19 at five sixty w q a m church car and I see this is the story that they should have played up big but yes the reason to me this isn't really even talking about this anymore so I could happen and now we don't want to talk about it we don't want to talk about even though seven people died and the shooter himself of course shouldn't have any shooting stories in market law to kill mons is everybody in america's like not all the same time to those violent video games which I think that's uh that's it see there was no murder before those existed that is correct the man who police a killed seven people and himself during a church service at a suburban Milwaukee hotel was remembered by his neighbors as a man so general that he couldn't hurt an animal kind of like Tony Perkins remember the last scene in psycho that's right he wouldn't hurt a fly unless it was of course on heaven's pants when chip monscotted in terri ratsman's garden he set up trapped a catch them but his neighbor said he kept the animals alive and let them lose somewhere else he couldn't even kill a chip mons he was that kind of individual said jean herman who lived next door to ratsman for about about 10 years ratsman arrived at the service late on Saturday armbo the hand gun and open fire as victims included the past one in teenage son chandra Fraser on a chandra I thought chandra I thought they found her ass and the rest of it to know maybe the rest of her still around chandra Fraser who was at the service at the government started shooting shortly after the service began he even stopped lunch three load she said she was sitting in front of a family he mowed down it was man she told reporters out to hold a south side of the hotel i dove under her chair the man whose chair i dove under died i'm asking myself why i'm still alive ratsman was described by neighbors here comes the best part as quiet and devout oh my god yeah see the fact that it was a church gore i mean all of these evil people are supposed to be always a bunch of humans and if they would just turn to god like uh... what's his name there in Atlanta oh i forgot his name i don't know his name either actually boyfriend Brian Nichols that's it ratsman was described as quiet and about he liked to take you about his house in gardens such jean coal well another neighbor who knew ratsman for about a decade ratsman lived with his mother and sister and a modest two starry brown home about two miles from the suburban Milwaukee hotel we're police say he opened fire to bring a service of the living church of god living surprise not the more you're not police were interviewing them yesterday ratsman went to church every Saturday cold well said he wasn't a dark guy he was an average joe well i cry Nichols was kind of a dark guy but this one wasn't it's not like he ever pushed his beliefs on anybody else but a church member who was at the service from the shooting took place at ratsman seen the press to her phrase you told CBS news that ratsman was upset by an earlier sermon from another preacher ha ha that can't be can't ratsman build his own greenhouse and they were city shared his homegrown vegetables with them cobalt said ratsman raised trout and his own assistant which he used trout waste to fertilize his greenhouse plants including tropical plants and venous fly traps that's venous by the way tough venous then recycled the water back into the fish tank he also built his own garage his own garage a week ago cobalt help ratsman fix his truck hermitsity took good care of his house and three dogs he never bothered nobody around here he said he brought me over to zucchini that was about a foot and a half long call well told me Milwaukee journal sent me in for a week well yeah that's something he needs to be here is robbered blasik another resident of ratsman's modest new brilin they were in said ratsman was a drinker but he couldn't believe he might be violent he was the quietest guy in the world the nicest said blasik i would never believe this in a minute in years well and that's the way it always is beware of the real quiet ripple the real low key quiet people like a campland for example you know eddy case brie kind of low key real divide one of these days though more crap happens in our radio station any case the guy I would put in for a point to the quiet guys when you say so absolutely yeah i'm gonna read a bad sore throat i think i'm getting a scrub throat you're the kind of thing that has gone aside line for about two months you're going stressed the throat stressed throat yeah six hundred one votes on a poll hillary in condolisa if hillary and condolisa ran for president 2008 would that be great what would you do i vote for hillary 351 i believe the country 136 condolisa 72 and i wouldn't vote 42 so it's 351 to 72 hillary and condolisa and r left winged condolipinko crowd at least that would assure our first date present anyway now can we say that uh... date uh... okay are you getting any further update know what is going on in there no well well well well i think we at least deserve that that's a thing we've heard of the clarification because when all that crap happened the first few minutes when i decided on my own and by the way i now have an authority from joist that if i want to do that i can but i'm not going to not today i'll give them i'll give them twenty four hours till ten o'clock tomorrow morning to get their acts straightened out the side of what they want to do and if they want to just totally capitulate and just hand the keys to the kingdom over uh... a tanny buddy they want i mean that's up to them i just would like to find something out to the audience okay i'm not to one who decided to put scott for well on the air and i'm certainly not the one who decided to put the Howard Stern show on this station and that's not a shot at Howard it's just it's just speaking reality the way it is in this community that's all when you've been around a long time no what's going on what's going to happen and the repercussions in the penalty you're going to have to pay for it uh... you know and didn't i say i'm many many times on the year wasn't i called in the middle of the show one day to go any other room and put you one year for five minutes so i could take a friday call on behalf of Greg from his intermediary dot member that day yes i do there's no more something about the stern show somebody else pick it up uh... no and it wasn't that i knew anything it was just common sense that it was going to be a mitigated disaster for all of us and where we're all the rest of us now paying the price for it you see there's one guy in the building he's in the the teflon manager and i'm no matter what it is he does it just it just you know like think on uh... on your in a you know i'm saying yeah but i don't know if we can say well i'm well i'm never will know well i have to find out from the audience how much of the stuff is getting on the erna now if you're right though and we're streaming the post a later than eric would know maybe uh... according to eric we're streaming pre-delay all right i did have a discussion with them about uh... you know how i want to say that would be not because of the the profanity but libelist possibly libelist things right and that would let's go and they don't care partly not i see well i have bigger fish to probably got to get that salesman to your office and you know purchase because it's very sensitive and if we talk about him on your own i don't want to be the so subject better for a whole week i'm not coming in there talking to him that fact yeah and to get excuse for this while we have the same steel copy and we've got a sales department that we wouldn't wish on hitler twenty six past eleven at five sixty wqm on an unerspectacular the pressing and morbid and psychotic day here just out of nowhere out of the blue at nine fifty six eight in this morning came a son another yet another psychotic episode from the west coast from joys by way of death and clearance the flunky boys fritz in frans bear house and crow cables is bringing now can i say crow cables any or i'll go check okay fritz in frans bear house and the geables is bringing the very instale fund back to south florida line are combined say good and tag we better check if we can see that and uh... sample uh... some of the most delicious jerman pervary in cuisine a rouse out of north of eastern europe snitzle brought worse salads in sturdle all an atmosphere that would make the vontrap family proud and don't forget to worst i'm a leader boots and up here to get your leader or isn't in a matter i'm sure we can say that fritz in frans isn't only making the hells come alive with a sound of music it's turning the gables into a riddle of a little frankford because it fits in frans it's october fest every single day look at it at sixty merrique wages to black west of miracle mile it's the ideal meeting place for those of you who like to march to the david of it so call three oh five seven four eighteen eighty three four directions and monthly worst i'm a bare festival information and tell them that old kneel sent you by that three oh five seven seven four eighteen eighty three four fritz in frans bear house not your ordinary umpa places require you would say you want to see them you need all the new rangers exclusively on five six you and you and it looked up priming searches in way of the death, prevalent dress. In ready for his job time, baby, with the hatred as Trump's family's bow. Oh my God. I love her attitude, that's the always bow. Got it, and it seems to fool me. That's the always bow. What we get to see her new move. She used to hide me behind those peer-worn dressers, her own arms. They had to send the lead all along the storefronts, all along, but now Jesus is in way for you to breathe. As he's doing his body, he's getting great, better to be. Casting out his eyes. She no longer lay his role casting out his eyes. And then all this could keep doing casting out his eyes. When the friends and TV show, she is disgusting, man. I just can't begin to, there are no words in language. Certainly, now one's like me, is any more. Now that we can't say crap. Yeah, but the answer was, it wasn't funny. Oh, brother, she is just, and you haven't seen that spot yet with a purple dress where she's doing a great spot. But it's very, very, very hard. She says it in such a way as if to hold up a sign. It says, am I not the most disgusting fat pig you've ever seen in your life? And the answer of course is, yes, God, she is just nasty. I mean, it's nothing to be fat, believe me. I know all about that, but it's just another thing to like force it on. Like this is my life. I'm fat and I'm going to lay it all over your body. What a thought that is. Grow Tisk. And that's why she's got her own show now, the fat show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon and singular riddles lines. If you're wondering, I'm sure the audience is kind of like an A dilemma here today. I just got a paper cut by the way during the break. And that's where the A is two months, two months paid vacation there. That's right, working skirt. Paper cut on my ring finger on my right hand. Okay, oh, look at that. Oh, tongue is the worst place. WDQA, I'm hello. Nail, can I still go? No, you're done. You're out. I guarantee that gets dumped. WDQA, hello. Not there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, not getting much response here today because of course the show has been turned inside out. And the audience hasn't got any idea what's going on. Quite frankly, you need to do a wee, which makes it a match. WDQA, I'm hello. Are you going to go Leo? Yes, sir. Are you doing? We all need to get serious, man. Yeah. All right, I will go back in. I can hear you pretty soon, serious. I'm waiting at the story. I'm outing within the agents that I got who's busy more worried about his two hours on WFTO. And worried about that. Well, I should have done this and I'm going to do that. It's just impossible, man. You just feel you want to show your arms up in the air and say, screw it. What's he use? Air every single time in this radio station. Every time you think we finally got things calm down a little bit. We finally got the line up in place. Everybody's out at the same time to suppose to be. And no, it never comes down the worth. And I'm going to tell you once again, and this is not even a contest. The biggest enemy of this radio station isn't somebody out there in a public. No, no, no, Ojo on provocative tour. The biggest enemy in this radio station is Joyce. Now, I did my, I, I, I, my best to restrain from going into two great detail. I mean, you know, I've learned about some of it. Of course, you wouldn't help back in December and early January. And most of January when they were jerking around a mad dog. But what they put me and Hank and Jim Mandage through and it was all Joyce. All Joyce. Where did he, how they found this woman to bring her in there to destroy this company? I have no idea what you're doing. I have a job honey. You haven't got a clue. You have no idea what it is to do a talk show. You have no a concept of what the FCC regulations really mean. And you're just continuing to make it up as you go along. You continue having a lot more lunches with the norm can. Okay. That's going to solve a lot. You continue making a list of 85,000 different things that we can't talk about. We can't say on here and reasons why we can be fired if we fart the wrong flavor. Or look at somebody cross eye Joyce. You are the problem. You are the chinger in the wood pile. Honey, there's no, there's not even a doubt about that. And by the way, where was Joyce when they decided to put the Howard Stern Show on here? She was there. Right. Yes. I'm sure she's the one suggested the triple dump system. Where were she to interced and say, you know something? Knowing what we know about that market and about certain individuals and about the history of all of us. And what we've already been through before. Knowing what we know, this is a really bad idea. A really bad idea. And why didn't she put her big club feet down then? Just like she was trying to do when she was interfering with everybody's contract negotiations. Why didn't she do a den when am I done something productive? And supposed to practically chasing everybody on a staff away. You know, got it sweetheart. You haven't got it. If I were you, I'd get back in your little pickup truck and I'd get on a Hershey High Wangle back up there to Maryland or Virginia where it had you came from and get out of our face before you destroyed a whole company. You idiot. Because you're doing one hell of a job. They're monitoring now. They're monitoring for FCC violations. Duff and clearance, which at least like I said gives him something to do. Speaking of gunman. I said, how many of these stories are that? It's like everybody went nuts on the same weekend. Maybe the moon was in the wrong phase or something. Marguer, a seven hour standoff that began with a security guard shooting up his ex-girlfriends apartment included a police assault with tear guests. And then a fire sun, they made the national news by the way that apparently killed the guard and displaced at least a hundred people police and what this is said. The body of a man matching the description of the guard was found in the rubble of the fire of the BS. Oh, said. And an autopsy will be conducted. The criminal man's identity caused a death. The ex-girlfriend hidden her bathroom as the security guard pump 10 to 13 bullets through the front window over ground for a unit at the cross creek apartments. Cross creek. We know where that is. But by cripple creek. But she wasn't heard said Marguer police folks have been searching Andy Zedic. I wonder if he's related to Andy Zulick. The security guard then ran across the courtyard with second floor apartment and burpated himself inside. Said Zedic. Who would identify the man only as had a security at the complex. Like I said, look out for those religious quiet people and for those security guards. They're the dangerous ones. Neighbors, court records and newspaper articles identified the security guard is done. Then magno 40 a man with a zeal for a job who is known as Batman because of the enthusiasm for the superhero's memorabilia. Batman. My ass. See that was the one with the sequel. Batman. My ass. The magno had had security to complex for 13 years and lived in the same huge shape building as his former girlfriend had an argument over the phone with her about their five year old daughter. Just before it's had a clock yesterday morning. The woman who police did not identify also had a man inside a apartment and a neighbor's family and court records say they might have set magno off. Sounds like O.J. and Ron Goldman again. Scott Oftree, an organization of G.N.12 who lived four doors down from agnos units. Said plenty of gun about a foot from his ex-girlfriend's window. He started to shoot our ran inside and told my mom Oftree said they telephone an interview during the standoff. And the afternoon, SWAT armored team members were in black fatigues to positions on the stairs leading to the second story of the government and fired tear gas canisters that crashed your magnus windows and exploded in tombs of white smoke. And about 445 p.m. deputy shut another round of tear gas in the apartment. The sheriff's office described what happened next this way. The suspect was then heard yelling that no one was coming into his apartment. Surely they're at. On the only for your original law or order. But if you do miss it, you could watch the new spin off planned order trial by jury on Thursday. Or if that's inconvenient, if you can catch law and order criminal intent on Sunday. And if you miss all three and don't have to you though, there's always law and order special victims unit on Tuesday. And if you have the miss all four, TNT airs law and order reruns like 10 times a day. So they've got you covered with own USA. So they reruns special victims unit like 24 set. I'm not kidding. It's like law and order channel over there. So if you do miss the one law and order, you can't miss. It's no big deal because law and order are like buses. Another one will come along in 10 minutes. It's on 25 at 5.60. WDQ and we got more Howard David. To the 7 new mad dog at four, we got a pristine line of no ball games. No you went basketball because you know, you know, guilty at 7. The point that nothing is perfect to educate and attract tonight. That's our award winning lineup as it is today tomorrow. It might be different though. I might be taking a few months off. 667 votes in Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza ran for prison in 2008. Who would you vote for? What would you do? We sight put a bullet to your brain. What would you do? Sorry, 392. I'd leave the country 153. Condoleezza 78 wouldn't vote 44 out of 6. Almost 700 votes. Give a lot of votes on there. That impressive? Yeah. All right. I'm impressed by the fact that you and I both, when we heard that Chris Bush thing on a mad dog promo last time, it felt the same thing. I told Josh the whole story. Just to bring him up today. Here we got these boneheads are busy monitoring us now as if they have any clue what it's really all about. And they're putting stuff on here. People were desperately trying to divest ourselves up and they're putting that on here and repeating it over and over and over and over. Chris Bush, Chris Bush, Chris Bush, that's what we do. No, of course not. Our week at Spine Holmes elsewhere. Here we go. Oh well, here's a facts from Jay who says, I hate to say, oh, no, you Jay, I see though you're apps. You are. That's the risk was the biggest mistake I have ever made in my life. Remember that one line of gifts saying, what's going to be what's going to change? What's going to be different, right? We went out getting into it yet and I'll read it. But I see the one sentence about the worst mistake of my life was resigning with this bunch of nose picking. Yahoo Rednecks over there in Naples, man, these people, they would know a radio station if you shove it inside their earlobe. Nice choice of words there. Well, I don't think that. I commend you. Yeah, well, probably got dumped anyway. I have no idea. They're probably just dumping stuff based on the fact they don't want to go on the air because they're all scared. They're all in high and you know, fifty-seven flavors. That's what does this. And Josh told him that was tasteless. That's Josh Curtis, by the way, children. I hate to say this as Jay and hopefully you can tell me if I'm wrong, but the only person to blame is yourself resigning with QM was a guard. Gantuan Blunder on your part, regardless of the financial terms. The situation was as predictable as the sun rising. And so you are a lovely director. Your talent is put you on the map and you're letting WQM filter suppress and destroy your ability. I think you're a smart guy. So it shocks me that you resign with this cart house of a radio station, especially with a possibility of individual broadcasts being fined large sums by the government. In my opinion, you should have bolted for satellite radio. I'm a big fan of the show, but QM has made it watered so watered down. It's not as necessary to listen to what as it once was. Get yourself, here comes the most important part of Jay's facts. Get yourself a real agent because the end your career like this is too painful to witness. Going out like a clown is what he's trying to say. Going out like a sad sack of crap, like Howard Beale. QM's logo should be black skull and crossbow and because there are management decisions. There are poisonous big fan with tears in my eyes as Jay and Jay you are. You are absolutely right. You are absolutely positively correct. Right. Well, whatever possessed me. And of course the fact that I don't have a real agent and I had no confidence that this guy would ever get any deal done with serious XM, a pop-up toast there and I still have none. I still have zero. You didn't even know about some of the deals that were going on behind the scenes that never matureized. That I wasn't even told about by my high-child agent. Yeah, that did of course fell apart at the scenes because but I beat that a book about the list one. No, no, no, no. Yeah. See this is another thing. The kind of outrageous stuff that's going on during the 70 years we worked for this company from the OJ golf tournament to the. The police of business, the arrest, the two sons on all of that episode there that almost all of us got thrown under the bus for that. See the bottom line when you work for this company is sooner or later somebody's got to get thrown on the street. Somebody's got to get thrown under the bus. Right, tough. There's right. Somebody's got to be a scapegoat because it's never going to be great. He's got to make it pictures. He's got something going somewhere. I got only always what it is. How anybody can have made this series of consecutive bonehead decisions that this man has made in the last three years and continue to be employed is just a shot astonishing to me. It's mind blowing that anybody could survive this. A series of deboccles that most people would be on death row and federal court, federal prison. Federal prison federal case. Am I right? I don't want to get you involved because we know what it takes. But he hates you already. And then you're right, you're really, and I'm, you know, why not admitted there's nothing to deny. Bonehead movement had to be a fool to expect that anything would ever change with these mugwamps. They are what they are just like just like Michael Coralio until Vincent and Gaffa the three. You are what you are. Now what a great line that was of crappy movie and as far as dialogue. But that one line. You are what you are. Maybe not all that profound but for your sure fits right in with this outfit. They are what they are. They're not going to change. They're not going to learn anything. They're not going to improve. They're not going to wake up on morning and grow a big pair. It's just not going to happen. And knowing that ahead of time, what in God's name motivated these people to put the Howard Skirm Show on his radio station with 15 people monitoring and 75 dump buttons and and belief in out every time Howard farted for real or make believe. We give it and we take it away just like the Lord. We're just like God. Tell Brian Nichols that. We're just like God. That's why we have that. They all God. Drop in. Because we give it and then we take it away. Here you go. Here's some of the stern show. Not a whole bunch of it but here's some of it. And then we had it on. How long did we have that thing on? I'll just 16 was the day. Trust me. That was the day view day. I remember that day that we live in infamy. I'll just to September to October to November to December to 01. What was the last day for that? I forgot. It's about 4.5 months we had that on here. How long was for L on this station? 4.5 months. That seems to be it. 4.5 months. How long was Joe Rose on for me to 10? I don't know. I think about 47.5 months. Now, 7.5. Got you there. Things were going so swimmingly well that it was scary. They can't handle success at this place. They can't handle prosperity. They can't handle big numbers. They can't handle happiness. Serenity. Peace. All they can handle is just. Never ending psychosis. It's like a crazy house. It's like our close personal friend, Bellevue Brian. I hate this place. Right. Nothing works here. No. The medications don't work. No. I've been here for seven years. Yes. Nothing works here. No. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. 7. 7. You AM. Another shooting by the way, a United Fest at Lauderdale Mall. What tell us you, United Fest? But it probably is in the story. Huh? Never heard it. Left three people injured late yesterday. We think that the city received national recognition for the annual event. Sergeant Tundra King, Tundra. A spokeswoman for Lauderdale Police, had a man with incredible conditionable and another man appeared to have non-life-threatening injuries. She said the victims were transported orèndroud medical general medical and police detained six men who they suspect were involved in the incident. King said it occurred about 1025 PM when the festival was shutting down. About 10,000 festival goers were still at the Mall Street said some of them parents pushing babies and strollers. Lovely. She said 15 officers and three police supervisors were on duty Sunday night. The officer did an excellent job of controlling the scene. She said it was teamwork to the highest degree. It could have been a really ugly scene. King said she didn't know what sparked the shooting. We don't know who shot who or for what reason she said just before the Lung PM. He texted just arrived on the scene. She said the investigation was impeded Sunday night by garbage in debris from the event. King said she's worked on the event for about seven years and it's always been peaceful. Others other than maybe some little disturbances I've never seen any fighters. She said people bring their families. It's about music and it's about cotton candy. Oh cotton candy that'll kill you. And if the cotton candy doesn't have a hole tonight, you've got to first begin eight years ago as an event to celebrate Lauderdale's diversity. Oh man. Well, of course. A little problem there. In the program, owner, poor Blema Grande. Take a bunch of calls that we're going to play music till midnight. Oh, I like it. So soothing. Oh, kind of fancy nice watermelon pancakes with real poison. You're gonna syrup on it. It's a really good cake. Really good. Oh man. I bet you kind of leased a good pop a good stack. A short stack. Or maybe Ed Stack. Robert Stack. WQAM Hello. I'm Mr. Robert Stack. You know how he does, sir. Okay. I didn't have a left people in on it the first 20 minutes. It's just like streaming this morning. I want to those 3,300 people that look to the Ed. As often as I can on that. Right. But if there's something you could put on your website that still isn't your listening audience. About one. One on opening. Hank show as your show today. Well, no, nothing went on. Hank show because we used to be the crossover. And just as I was sitting here at 9.56 getting ready to do the crossover. Instead of hearing Hank leading into my, you know, a sense of the name. All of a sudden I heard clearance and duff come on. And breathlessly. Oh, we hate to do this to you right before the show. But Joyce said that we have to monitor your show for FCC because somebody is complaining and stirring up a bunch of crap again. So we have to monitor your show for FCC violations every day. And so they are monitoring as we speak right now. See you better. Governor yourself accordingly. Certainly very careful what you'd be saying. Well, there's a, there's a may. I don't know if that's one. You can't tell about our governor. Have you heard what he said recently? About what? I'm in Orlando. You hear the mayor's, got suspended. And he's a Democrat. Yeah, for what? Uh, supposedly we're a crooked election. Uh, paying somebody. And we're going to have to do that. And we're going to have to do with us. You know, what? I've always said this and really just crossed my ass. You people in Tampa and Orlando are the most myopic, the most selfish people. All you know is your little neighborhood like all the rest of the world cares about that we don't care sir. Any more than we care about who's on the radio and Orlando who's on real radio, unreal radio? We don't care. We don't give a fly and like that. He'll put that in your pipe and smoke it sir. I mean, what any on a question is this has something to do with some is little of some mayor or something. Well, what is that, Captain? What's Governor Bush, okay, that fascist fascist. We got enough of our own fascist fascists as enjoys. He's a king, golden ace. King Goldberg in the day. And I'm for the season. For the 3557, my report letter name. And is the 12th of one hour on 28th. Oh, the list is of reported rumors. And then, rather, calling. Tonight, we'll look back at my long distinguished career as your former senior, I can assure you that every fact Antonis Griviewt has been checked and rejected by our senior's name as Britishers, the best of business. My story begins in a small town in Texas. Rose Warren is son of a poor black share cover. As captain of the football, baseball and ice hockey teams, I graduated from my new Sigma Supercommodi. After graduation with a type of a glance at Harvard, I've joined the army and earned several purple hearts, which I later asked John Kerry to throw away for me. After touring in China as a big bomb master, I returned home to medicals the country, twice, invent the Sni-Layface, and start a large truth company with my army buddy, Luke Timutman. The purchase senior, Sinan Thamesekki, and hired myself as a reporter, after the death of Walker from Kat in 1992, I ascend into the throne of anchor of the Sni-Layface. We are our main lead until I alone made the decision to step down after I was doomed to find my producer into an army of all four votes, which I wrote. And now, as I pass along the torch, lit by the likes of Krancott and Merrill, to another battled hardened journalist, probably Katie Kirk, I lived with one word, correct. And two more words, bite me, and that's part of our world, the parts that really... Bye-bye, Dan, Mother. Bitch. Oh, he could even dance up so we'd do a Sni-Layface. I'm going to say it again, I just read another one of those supercellius emails from Romer Kent, we just continued, but he did it with the quick deal in the tap to answer normal, okay. Oh, speaking of normal Kent, you know, the movie 54. Did I mention I saw that? I know, I talked about the Sni-Layface. I didn't mention 54. I know we recently have watched it, and all of it is because Ryan Chilip was running around naked in the home movie. I didn't know that. No, there was nothing wrong with that. He looked real pretty, but the movie was horrible. And halfway through the movie, till I realized it was Mike Meyers who played Steve O, what was your guy's name from Cup 54 who died of AIDS? I don't know. That was the screener. But anyway, it was Mike Meyers who played him in the movie. Right. And what was the point I was going to make about that? I don't know, he did a good job. Oh. No, but oh, no, anyway, it was Mike Meyers who looked like more like Norma Kent than like Steve O. Whatever's name was. You know, I really did think that he looked a lot like Norma. Yeah, I see that. The character. He looks just like Norma. Tussing. They must have fake nose because I didn't recognize him at all. I mean Mike Meyers is Canadian. We've seen the Austin Powers 80 million times all of them. He's been a lot of plenty of our turn. Is he really? He's good, but not a name movie. That movie was just awful. But Ryan for leap looked pretty. And now the audience is piling on. This is exactly what you expect from South Florida. First I read the, and I was very honest. Jay had his dumb right on it. He was absolutely correct. But now I get a fact from Tom who wants to pile on, you know, 15 yards for unnecessary roughness. Tom. Neo, you deserve what you get. Everyone told you it was a mistake not to sign. Get out of your contract. Get a real lawyer and sign with an XM or serious radio. Miss Miss Belling. Sirius. Giving expert advice. Can't even spell Sirius. Here's where you remember all the fallout when you announced that you signed in the first place. That was like for the first two hours of the show afterwards. What was that? All these people calling up saying that you're crazy. What are you doing? Most of those were Howard's people. They were students, brother, and the other Howard people. Most of those were in the side job. That accounts for a couple of them. But if they were right, they were right. But if Sirius would have been that serious, then that we could Day instead of but it be. But it will. And then waiting until like three months later when say, I'll guess what we want to have Neil show on there. You know, they could have put some, just been a little bit more indicated they were serious. I mean, if that's their name, they'll live up to it. If you're going to call yourself Sirius, that's time to get Sirius. Right? Yeah. Not half serious. Not a little bit serious. It's time to get Sirius. Because these people here in this company are never going to change. And all of this really started big time when they started losing it is when this Joyce broad came along. This was the biggest mistake in the history of this business. She is a cancer on my life and my career. I can tell you that right now. And I'm being kind by putting in those terms. A cancer on my existence. Norma emails me this. There was somebody else who sent them some some crap about it. I don't like Hank and they don't like me. And right away, she's over reacting. If you want to get her knickers and a thing, then just call off Joyce over there and they're a center A and email over there and apoles and tell her, you're Mama. Something. Oh, gee. Oh, we're good. Yeah. Talk about level headed. Not. Here's a fact that says Norma Kent. Norma Kent isn't your biggest problem. Just cut her loose already. She's an arrogant jackass who's more worried about being some kind of local celebrity with the radio show and fact newspaper. And she showed the saw the fact and the runaways and the pot stuff. You need a real agent. Somebody who does just that filament. Yeah. Who would that be? Huh? I was the real agent out there. Where's the real hero that's going to come forward and salvage my whatever I got left. Whatever little credibility and humility I got left. He said this guy was always telling me, oh, this is all set. And this is taken. Carol. And let me tell you something by the way, Norma Kent. I would have paid 50 grand to anybody to get them off my back. Okay. Sometimes that's what it takes a bit of bargain. Would have been a hell of a bargain and a hell of a lot less than those SEC finds by the way. Okay. But no, it is people they're going to stand up for principle. They're not going to let anybody shake them down. Right. That's why we got people monitoring the show today for FCC violations. That's why we can't say crap. Exactly. And of course, that's a shot of you and you and Josh there too because basically what it implies is that among the three of us, we're not confident. I'm going to even do this a whole year. The three of us aren't confident in the side if something is over to lie. Absolutely agree. Which I guarantee that all three of us even young Josh court is there who don't even have his ears like it, even he knows. In fact, he's believed to couple things out that I like go. How do you like that? Haven't you served? How did I know? There you did. What? There was one day you would've done something out. I forget what it was. Maybe I did too, but George Littico. Of course George is a pervert anyway. What's your point? I don't know. I don't know. Till some good time. It's just, you know, the audience has got to believe that I make this stuff. I mean, nobody in, nobody in your right mind could believe that this stuff could happen that four minutes before you're supposed to go on and do a talk show, which doesn't require like, you know, it's not like rocket science or open heart surgery, but you have to have some kind of semblance of your brains being unscramble. And it's like, like that. The most common statement or question that any of these appearances that I do and you can count on one per appearance is asking or saying, oh, how much of that is made out of it? I got a new story. I got a pretty live-in-vivid imagination. I couldn't make this stuff up. And my wildest imagination even if Gral and Schmoke could make this up. 744 votes on a Hillary and Condolees of Prove for 2008. Hillary 434, Condolees of ADA, what's he got? 89. I'd leave the country, 171. Wouldn't vote 50, but 50 cent. 172, I am. Hello. Oh, no. Yes sir. Oh, yeah, happy anniversary. And I asked something I didn't get a card. I didn't get a phone call. I didn't get an email. I didn't get a facts from any of those grave robbers there. What do I get four minutes before I go on here today? I get psychosis. I was excited. I was excited. I knew my just before I cast things that came across. What in our station? Yeah. All right. They can pay them all day for my part. I'll do another thing in the app. They can pay them all day. One other thing I want to say, I can put a gift that I got. But the best prize of all is the looking secretary that you have working at the office. Oh, you mean he's what it was? Nazulin. I'm one of those that won that VIP Friday. Yeah. Right. Well, thank God you came in when Nazulin was on here. And not the freaky Carlos. You just saw a rest. Okay. Good luck. You're probably going to see a lawsuit. Don't say lawsuit. Well, Greg, it's a suit. It's a first by the suit. Tough man. There's a, you're right. Those two facts are right. You're right. There's no sense in piling on. I mean, it's just a, it's a cool, non-usual punishment to do that. But those people are right. I am an idiot. I am a fool. I am a mole. Run. No, no, no, no question about it. How anybody is right mine with even the tiniest bit of self confidence and ability. You have to be a M. Oh, R. Oh, and exactly. You said a mo. That's what the most stands. M. Oh, R. Oh, and. Or just M. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we call a mo. M. Oh. Yeah. Say it again. Anyway, five six seven, five six five. I feel like, you know, once I talk about pancakes, I feel like I got scrambled eggs where my brains used to be. Like somebody scrambled my brains this morning. I mean, I can't even imagine it. Look on my face when I, well, all of a sudden those voices came on there. And I'm sitting here ready to join in with Hank. They're into our little stereo crossover. And he sounds like, you know, everything's going along fine. And we thought everything's going on. And oh, mother, mother, mother, mother, I can imagine look on your face of horror, amazement and dismay. And this believe it was positively unfeeling and unacceptable and unreal and uncontrollable. But you see, when you are flunky, you'll do anything that they tell you to do. That's the part. This is the abe. If either one of those people ever call this place again, they're going to hear the dial tone so fast. They won't know what hit them. If I would have stuck to that a long time ago, I'd be mentally in a much better position right now in a better state. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Because I remember another incident where, oh, it's going up. It's official. There is no official business at that place. There is only monkey business. Monkey business. No official business. Only monkey business. Monkey business. Call up in the normal, okay? Send me a fact. Send an email. Send a note in a bottle. Put it in the, uh, Hoping to line up in Lake Ontario somewhere. Put it in the, uh, in the stream. Put it in June, Allison's never ending stream. But get out of my face because you people there are crazy people. Just, just little flunky. And it's like, you know, throughout history. I mean, it was the court gesture, but then the king always had his like little flunky's that would go into, bring the word, you know, the days here. Right. Oh, and you're going to be executed in the 23nd of the afternoon, the king, uh, yeah. As a message, I think we had to like, uh, get Vincent sent a message, you know. And I'm not talking about Joey Zazay, you know, even if you all are going to see his driving. Twelve minutes passed, noon at five, 60, WQN, spring is here just about. And I was a great time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestead for some great deals on new old files. Right now, get behind the wheel of a focus or a scape with $2,000 cash back from Ford. And zero percent financing. How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back and 1.9% financing? Check out the O5 for direct splora right now. Armstrong for the homestead with $2,500 cash back and 1.9% financing. And don't forget, only when you buy from Armstrong for the homestead, when you get their exclusive tires, parts and batteries for life program plus a free photo, some past to boot, a Armstrong for the homestead is proud of their service men and women. If you're in a military, have a relative in a military, no matter if it's active duty, reserveist, national guard or Coast Guard. I'm sorry, that's active. The military appreciation discount is waiting for you at Armstrong for the host of a homestead too. David Richen is staff who do just about anything to give you good service because being locally owned and operated, they want to make your customer for life and they will guarantee you. They'll bet you made a vels life on it. You're going to get the best price only at Armstrong for the homestead. 307 25, 60, highway, just 20 minutes off of the E36. Check them on the web, Armstrong cars.com and then you can give David Rich or Victor recalls at 305, that's 305, 247, 51, 12, 247, 51, 12. Travel a little and save thousands for yourself from Armstrong Ford of homestead. 207, you will realize it. 15, 20, and... What is plateaus with a price celebrity justice? This is what I mean. Michael, this is a pence attorney, but I have something they would mean to. Michael, Valorant and Chertino. Michael, do it on a crazy stunt. You know everything to do it, Matt. Thousands of thousands of children children all over the world. Many, many children, thousands of children. Michael, you want love? They want to meet you? Michael, you're talking with a red on the jackset. Chert, Chert and Colton were people on this side. McCulley cut her on this side. It's the scissors in there. We're all just jamming the dish. I have a sick mind here. Sounds like a pet a pile. I'm a pet a pile. Of course, why not? He's totally for sex. It's a 12-18. This fact is correct by the way. We are going to have music until 2 o'clock and for the foreseeable future. I was just told that it's not correct other than the EAS business. Other than the Y? The EBS, which is now the EAS. What does that kind of do with dumping stuff we're talking about? That's what I'm saying, according to the power that B, we were not being dumped. So, evidently, this fact we just got here is from an O-Journe for our contours around a stir of the pot and choral springs. So, what about your, exactly? Okay. The fact here was saying during last few minutes, you've been dumped in the new or something. It says, I heard Stern is more into a hand commercial. He was farting, happy birthday to somebody. Why can he do it on other be? Another, oh my, you know something that is incredible. This is even better than the other facts. Yeah. He was farting, happy birthday to someone. Why can, this is on the Beesley station in Fort Myers, that our company owns over there. And your show is chopped up. Where is the consistency you should walk out, QM deserves mole. I think about it the more I think this fact is about a point. But that's what I should have done today. As soon as they came out, of course, it caught me off guard with such a shock. I should have said, hey, as soon as you decide what you want, I'll come back. Otherwise, bullet out your ass. That's a good point. They're still carrying the Stern show over there in Fort Myers. I'm one of it at station is that there's the Beesley station. He was farting, happy birthday. I guess Joyce has no problem with that. But if we do have a fart sound on the air on this station, not again, not that we can't live without the fart sounds. But it's just an example to show you the kind of lengths that they're going to try to cut our balls off here on this radio station. So we can't do anything to kind of guarantee our failure. I mean, if they want us to fail, then why not tell us that? Unprekinable. Oh, by the way, happy anniversary, Neil. Thank you. Thank you, Doug and Clarence. And Greg, of course, Greg was as usual a while. When the time, go and get stuff, the tough get out of the country. The tough go on vacation. Like that first, I mean, could we ever forget that first day on this radio station. After a lie, after a lie, it's a threat after a threat that we had a hold of a feed to the fire to get that make-belief studio on the second floor finished. And after nobody in the right mind believed that we'd have a studio ready to go on the air on that December 30th, 70 years ago, seven years plus, seven and a quarter. And so Greg takes the family and they get on a plane. They go out of time to Chicago because God forbid he would have been around because he knew it was probably going to be a disaster. And right till like a few minutes before we got on the air, we didn't even know if we were going to get on the air. Remember that? Of course, how could I forget? And the fact that we worked through the night to get some bits in there because the DCS wasn't running until nine o'clock at night before. Right. Okay. Oh, man, I think the book is the good idea. I think talking at a time, Jacob, my bald head had a good personal friend. I think after the show, that's a good idea too. You want one hell of a story, Tommy, I'm ready. Of course he's gonna print it anyway. Right. He's also been neutralized. We'll call Barry Jackson. I don't have very don't speak to me. Barry don't recognize me. I wouldn't, I wouldn't dignify him anyway. Barry Jack asked, that little brown paper bag carrying piece of turd. I wouldn't talk to him. Lump on a, like a lump on your ass. That's very. Come to the QAM. Hello. Neil, happy Monday. Back to you. Wonderful. Listen, you know what they deserve to monitor? That eddies, boys smell, with point point point point point off from that. Let me go and all the way through the rest of the air. I think it's a good idea. Since everybody promoting Chris Bush, I think that got had a good plan. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. And the Snoop. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be good. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow for four hours. Haha. Maybe. Let me correct myself. Maybe you'll do that tomorrow for four hours. I'll be happy, too. as keep the music going at perfect. As President Bush campaigns to change social security needs to win over independence, Murray women and subunners. People intended support among terrorists, but have indicated doubts about his plan for the retirement program. Just over a third of Americans, 37 percent of political Bush's handling of social security and a people will find when it comes to Bush's strong suit, handling foreign policy and terrorism, 52 percent approved. They like all those dead people in Iraq, including the Americans. A majority of Americans, 56 percent said they disapprove of Bush's handling of social security, similar number to recent pull by the AP, opposed the creation of personal investment accounts for a proposal sent for the Bush's plans. Like I said, let's let you take all the money to the track. Okay, all your retirement money. Just take it to the track. Well, that's why I forgot his brother, our fan asked Governor, he don't like gambling. I'm sorry. We'll play the lottery with it then. Something he does like. There you go. Play it till I add floral lottery. That's a really good bet. I see somebody in hell in there, 120 million. I hope wasn't sunny rose and we're going to be there. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Found five, sixty only for rising in Singular Wireless Line. The day that we live in infamame, March 14, 2005, another day in hell with Joyce and the Beesleys. Now, in order to get his grades back from his vacation, you've seen him there. He's actually back. No. You just know that he's back. Okay. Well, that having been said, since he's supposed to be the general mangleer and since he's got his tentacles all over, and footprints all over everything it goes on, unfortunately. Where's he in the middle of all of this? I don't know. Yes, he, I'm afraid that Joyce has rendered him impotent. She has chopped off his glands. Do it to it. To it. WDQAM, hello. Hey, you. Yeah. Hey, sorry. I had a good idea. It's okay, everybody's got to go sometime. You know, you brought back some memories of you. Right, we're even about just a minute ago about your first day on the air. Thank you. I was very first call at QAM. Wow. And I'm going to call you from New York. I remember panicking because the numbers changed a time. I got to get on. I got to get on. And you were ravening. I remember your first line was George Corso was God. And I mean, boy, what a difference a few years make. Yeah. Because in order for him to get that up, studio going. That time was true. We had to work day and night to get all that paid together. Couldn't have been going to make the least studio. I didn't take too long though, because I remember one not too many weeks afterward when we couldn't get on the air. Right. And Corso was over at the old trailer. The old dump that used to be broadcasting from there on us. Where did it go? George. Oh, and like a Pembroke. And Pembroke. And we needed desperately to get an engineer to get him over there because we had technical problems inside our studio. And the ward was his car was in the shop. He couldn't get arrived. And through all the. That George his car was in the shop. He couldn't get right that's how much he cared about getting us back on the year. And through all that fall, they're all Gregory to the town. I remember clearly on vacation. Oh, yeah. He was on another bus mentality. And like I said, when the goal gets tough, the tough hot out of play and then take off. They hold ass. And the show before they started beeping you and you were telling your story. They did allow the name of the individual's name to get out on the air. Yeah. Not that it was anything new to any of us. No, of course not. And you are where the back and the day in college. But there's another. There was a college football player of the same name called the throw in the Moan. Yeah. So I don't think that you can be fine for mentioning the college football player. Well, first of all, you can't be fine for mentioning anybody. Hey, money. This is just their own choice. And then panicking and enjoys tells normal. Well, if he wants to do it, you know, they don't know what they want. They've gotten themselves in such a pile of crap. And again, none of it having to do with me. All of it having to do with for well and put them stirring on here. Because they won't listen to anybody, including me. They know best. And then we all of us have to pay a wicked price for it. And all this crap because of a super ball half time show with two nobody. It's just insane. It's ridiculous. I don't know where you got me in the middle. You want to have it. Don't forget that was just an excuse for dealing with a bunch of fascists. That was just an excuse to impose their will in the start, you know, Clamp and Don on everybody. I know. You collect the paycheck and do what you got to do. Yeah, play a lot of good music. There you go. Have a great day, pal. I'm here for a minute. I like that. There's our first caller from QAM. Oh, we don't know. We don't know. We don't know. We don't know. We don't know. We don't know. We already had a really good idea. We're working for a bunch of crazy people. Like that. In it. Idiotic. Unreachable. Absolutely. Unreachable. You can't get to a man. You can't talk any sense to these people. But Craig is intrigued by that. Remember, very Jack Assie was feeding him that line over and over again. And of course, that was when it was screwing over Joe Rosenstring and him along and stringing him along. And then, oh, guess what, Joe, you're out. We got Howard on there. Well, you know, like I said, not, not good Howard, but the fact that a matter is you can't be on in his market. Not if you want to keep your license. I tried to tell him that. Would he listen to me? Oh, listen to anybody? Oh. And wasn't you ice there when this was on going on? Yeah. Toys. Looking at Mirror Honey if you've got a strong stomach. I realize in some of the middle of lunch hour. Look at your own failings. Look at your own screw-off sonny. It ain't a pretty picture. If your carpets are in a pretty picture, there's something you can do about it. And that is you can call the expert to drive concepts. I've been using these folks for almost a lifetime. I've seen like it. At least once a year, I haven't come to my home. And this is a variety of homes over the past 20 years. And they've dry cleaned my carpets. And make them look just like brand new. We want to have the dogs. And believe me, that little dog is especially used to do a number of my carpets. Like you wouldn't believe. Even worth in Joyce is doing to us if that's possible. And after dry concepts finished, you just look around and think, hey, there was never anything bad on those carpets. They look just like brand new. And of course, when they get done because they use a rapid drying technique, your carpets are drying just an hour and a half. You really can clean today and entertain tonight. Nobody does it better. And nobody else gives you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to job either. So you don't have to worry about rip-offs when you get your carpets clean. Also, your furniture, your draper, your expensive area and oriental runs. All of these things. All of these things. Call dry concepts today. Tool free, I guarantee you that I'll never let you down. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the wicked web. It's dryconcepts.com. Dry concepts making carpets clean and soft-loaded since way back in 1979. You're listening to the media Roger. We have a split until we are on 566-60. I'm not empty. I'm sure when the shooting guns in the neighborhood, I don't want to stick around. I'm out of the good. Shoot us my lead. The kitchen is lying in the ground. Now the sesame needs like a faucet when I'm full. All of these things are done. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to shoot them. I don't know what you heard about me. But when they shoot them out at this street, you see me running this face. It says me. Because I'm like, W.I. M.P. What are your fits in there, doesn't it? Which right of it are our management and with our corporate attorney over there. And what's goes, 23 or 5, 60 WQAM. Here's a fact. Now, this story. This is the case of this on the news over the weekend. This is the kind of important stuff that the media passes along to us. All these studies that are done. We're taking care of these studies. These studies find soap and water are best for a clean hand. That's great. So I'm just handing out what I'm going to tell you. I've got to tell you what I've had been using. I guess I've had a switch. You better watch it now. You're going to get dumped any second. Just thinking about whatever you're going to say. Forget about actually saying it. You haven't got to try to make a chance in how to say it. I got news for it. This whole new deal is going to stop very quickly. As I'm out putting up with this today, just to humor them. And believe me, there's no humor in it. But this is going to stop as of the end of the as of 2 o'clock. Because if they think that I'm going to come here under these circumstances every day, this is not part of our deal. This is not the way it works. This show isn't jeopardizing the license of this radio station in any way, shape or form. We have sanitized this show to such a degree. Even if you bleached your hands and city using soap, even if you use corax bleached, bleached them the fuck, or all the skin peel off, you couldn't sanitize them anymore than what we're doing with this show. So unless the armoured can't, or the powers that be there can bring joy back, and put at least one toe on the ground and back to the real world, forget about this kid. They can blow this place right out there by them. Because this is totally unacceptable as what it is to me. It's a slack and a face. That's it. Put him on here. Put him on mid days. Get some big numbers in there. Absolutely. Mama's right. If you want to get your hands clean, good old fashioned soap and water work best. A new study by infection control specialist at the University of North Carolina Hospital's confirmed. The best way to get germs off your hands is with soap and water. How do you like that? This is what America is spending their money on. I'm just curious as to what alternatives they were considering. Grease. Okay. Same. Sand is good. Class. Research has tested 14 hand hygiene agents, plus tap water against specific bacteria and viruses applied to the hands of 62 adult volunteers. Soap and water or microbial soap and water, we're sure to be the most effective and removing viruses in bacteria. Among the viruses, soapy hand washing flushes down the drain is the one that causes the common cold. Other viruses that were removed were those that caused hepatitis A, stomach, flu and a host of other illnesses, hand wipes were the least effective. They only removed about half the bacteria from volunteers hands. First of all, anybody who uses hand wipes is, oh, silly person. Plus they less than the free. They stink. That depends on which one they're used. Waterless alcohol based agents had variable and sometimes four effects becoming less effective after multiple washes. Emily sick bird Bennett. The studies lead off her, said soap and water were sped over a p. to use because water washes germs down the drain. So it's always good idea to scrub wash it off. I'll go with everything wrong. The author said the waterless rubbs and wipes. The users never rinse their hands. They just rub a chemical in their hands and let them dry. So all that smiths just dry as right in their skin. Still hand rub solicins are considered highly effective, especially if there's no available alternative. The study also looked at how long it takes to wash it. Oh, this was a very important study. I'm sure our tax dollars paid for it. Hey, don't stop. No. How long it takes to wash hands properly. Previous research and tested people who clean their hands 30 seconds or more. But put me. But sick bird Bennett said the average like the time busy health care professionals spend a lot of time in the hospital. So the first thing that's been done is to wash your hands. It's only 10 seconds. While any idiot can tell you, 10 seconds ain't going to do it. We wanted a test of products under realistic conditions. You said a news release. The researchers found that hand washing for just 10 seconds eliminated 90% of the bacteria. And that was the case for all the different hand washing methods tested except hand wipes. So what does that mean? Oh, in other words, 10 seconds they'll do it. Just a quick, quick dabble do it. A quick, a quick, a quick rupper. How's Rosie doing? She's still dead. Oh, damn it. 860 votes under full. I have no idea what's final. What's Mars pole is going to be? Oh, got to change it again. 816 votes. If Hillary and Condolees ran for president in 2008, you would vote for Hillary 482. Leave the country 183. Condolees are 93. Or please the Condolees. That's doctor rice. And wouldn't vote 58. Got it? Got it. Our liberal crowd. They like Hillary. We mean they don't like her. But you know, that's what they got. WCWM. Hey, good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. I've been listening to the onel day. And I'm sorry you're having the cruddy Monday. Yeah, you know, the worst thing for dying babies is stress. Okay. I think this what they're doing maybe between the contract and go chasing them. What they pulled in nine, 56 this morning. I think this constitutes a massive gigantic lawsuit about 50 million is what it sounds like to me. Absolutely. And I think you should include the moron and Carl Gables. I'm sick of him. And I'm sick of him. They're taking what I can listen to. And I think that's what I'm saying. Why were I was subject uh, tough Lindsey needs to stop taking his check because if that guy enables good dick day programming. He should be getting paid his programming director don't you think? Yeah, and I've been well, but it doesn't occur. It's between the two of me. And I'm telling you, there are powerhouse one, two punts. Make no mistake about it. And I also want to praise you on that tinkling. I have a lot of other fly. A lesser talent would have been broadcasting facts numbers for four minors. You can't get this reverse. You find your own battles. And that's why I think you got this to do it. You're a little bit around before you're smarter guy. What a guy nothing going back to bed and say George, if you want to do it fine if not just the plane music can go to hell. Very seriously. It just happened so fast and caught me off guard. I didn't even have time to think about what I was going to do. I should have just blown this to shove it. I'm not going to work on these circumstances. It's ridiculous. Well, is it possible that you found people who know less about broadcasting the low maximum of the low. Yeah. You thought I would be in strip the two most valuable assets he had. And now if QAM loses. I knew I got news for his sir. Bud Paxon was a rocket scientist compared to the B'sley. He was a genius. That's a dangerous thought. I'm serious. We were George and I were talking about that earlier. That's a fact. Well, by the way, as far as that name and I did hear him over there twice. I was proud of you for that. The actor who played the case on a dynasty has that name too. So if you want to refer to him, is that maybe that'll make his thing? All right. No, he was a game. Oh, my. No, you're really going off the defense. No, no, the character was a game. Yeah. So I know he's on the phone. So maybe that will make his name. If he caught his seven years of name, just caught on the case on for dynasty. Have a great day, pal. Get him pal. See. Now it's 20 to one and did I mention you that I need coffee for Papa No Park. But you see Curtis or sales manager, he's not going to see that. Think of me any copy until I stopped talking about him on the air. See, I need to write the news to you Curtis. I don't want the copy for me. I wanted for the client. I know that's something that you can't relate to. And then our sales mentality isn't aware of. We need copy that I don't have. I have nothing. I got generic, which I guess I'll do my best. But I know that for sure there's stuff that ought to be starting today. Now, Troy, little Troy, who of course is another one of those. We have projects that we got. Draw. Next often players. Is it a guy like him a lot, but unfortunately when it comes to like servicing the accounts and doing copy copy a thus that's his thing. You know, copy a thus copy me. I mean, we don't have any new Papa No Park copy. Do we do that? I'm missing that this sitting around somewhere. Do you know what I mean? I don't know what I mean. No. Can I have any on you? Not copy anyway. Now, how about some? Hey, all your horse racing fans and poker players. Papa No Park racing and poker has the gambling action that you are coveting man that you're just dying for. Just to have my off and both I and I need five on the floor to turn pipe. Papa No Park features free admission in free general parking everyday. It's not a prep one. You go to Papa No Park find my good friend Dick Feinberg. You think it would be a song to dance about how our drivers at Papa No Park are. Everybody's good as the driving colony at Woodbine. And just stand there like this last. Oh yeah, they're that they made her hand. They're like that. He's got a good sense of humor. Live harness racing in the poker room open every day. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Like today, poker starts at noon. In other words, it's underway. I'll ready to be. Children and night and live racing gets underway tonight at 7 25 every Monday. Wednesday, Friday on Saturday. And of course, thumb al pricing from tracks all around R�s America every day, seven days week. Day suivi time in night time to. Papa No Park lost out ofRED and anecdot park on Powerline RoAD for the current racing. Schedule call nine. Five. Four. nine. Seven to two 2000 or go on. W Colligan Esc. Papa No. I'm just trying to shoot you eight. Finally pop, little boy. The station presents Real American Heroes. We are American heroes. Today's Weeks of O'Q. Mr. Kiss me, I'm Irish but where is it? Mr. Kiss me, I'm Irish but where is it? Hey, Chen, let me say Patrick's Day. You lay set in a mobile appell of your ugly green blazes in the desperate hope and sum. My take-you upon your offer. But nobody in my sense. Sorry, Mr. Kiss me, I'm Irish but where? But there's nothing, switchable. How about a notebook was vomiting green fear not 20 minutes ago? You still have some on your chin. How about drinking some green mouthwash instead? It's even got a little hot in it. So, the next time you're invited to a lot of lifts with a liquor, so, you'll have to run on and look alike. What are your muscles saying? Go found your shilly, classy. To Mr. Kiss me, I'm Irish but where? Oh, real. I'm American hero. Mr. Kiss me, I'm Irish but where? Where's a potato famine when you need it? Right, Tom. Yeah, Kiss that. It's a 1247-560. So, I mentioned that to Norma Kenspochwood Joyce for 40 minutes. This morning, you didn't mention it. From about 9.10 till about 9.50. He sure didn't affect your job, didn't he? And I saw Norma. She sure got the job done. In calling off the historian, coming her down and getting her not to intercede and create all this madness we have going on. And then, and rooting our show and rooting my day in yours and everybody else's too. And causing tough and clearance to be sitting there, listening with this non-sportio for four hours. Which, tough me and Joven, I'm sure Clarence is just bitterly offended. That's for you. That's a raspberry by the way, Clarence. And then, I've dumped that. Raspberry. fruits are good for you, baby. I've let you dump those that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Oh, look at those calls, man. Are they smoking or what? Just smoking something. WQM, hello. Oh, I'm going to go kneel. Yes, sir. I'm high, I'm high, I'm high. Great. 560, no, no, I won't call on the board. Like I said, I think the music is a good idea. I think it's my move. You know. Are you got some? That's cool. How about your part? I got mine. I got Burton coming. Good. My slot machine plane buddy. We say is name anymore. No, I don't think so. I got Burton. Things. Certainly can't say the first syllable. I guarantee that. Plus he's breathing too hard on there anyway. Cut it out, Bert. People are starting to talk. WQM, hello. How can I help? Yes, sir. Listen, why do they give me the business here? I think you're doing a great job. And I want you to tell what business to stick it up or ask. Yeah, that's a good idea. I think you're going to stick it up your ass. This call is as thing into everything. You have a great one. And back to you. So what does that mean? If I tell her that, that's what normal should have told her. You should have told her that if they start messing with the show, she's going to be a lawsuit because when they hear the word loss of these people tend to like just just trivial. They just lose it. They trivial like into a little puddle because they're panic people. Especially since this one person, her last name rhymes with bitch. Since this individual came along to be our corporate attorney man. She has turned his place upside down inside out. And what you did to me this morning, Joyce, with your two partners in crime there, this is absolutely unconstitutional. I wouldn't do it to Hitler. We wouldn't do it to Osama, what you did to me in this show this morning. All the years that I've been since I was 17 years old, 45 years in his horse-ball business. And in my wildest dreams, I have never encountered anything like that. But these people just don't understand it. They don't know what it means to do it. It was the same way that I would do it to agree. Not this, not this degree. But they'd have it a couple of times. Right before the show, they would tell you something that would put you in a really sorely sour mood. And I wonder why you were like in a bad mood for four hours. Yeah, how could I ruin your day? And see the individuals that are monitoring right now, the flunkies. It's got lately why you enjoy ruin their day because they keep coming back and asking me the same solace question of how everything is. And I keep telling them the same thing. And nothing ever changes. Just like that piece of copy we just had. Puffet O'Parsha didn't pay for that spot. I think we ought to take criticism and his word. So if we have any copy that isn't fresh, that hasn't been re-done, we ought to just cross this spot out when it's out, cross them out. If everybody else can file for chapter level line out of Kmart can do it, it's good enough for us, right? Right. And the way these people are running is joint, I think that could be next. WQAM hello. Uncle Dale. Yes sir. Trying to get in touch with you for a while. Here I am. One time Uncle Neil and you used to talk about health issues and you know the floating eye things and all that stuff. Are you still out of talk about the Royce Royce Royce? You know I can't. I got a serious question Uncle Neil. I'm not trying to jump. You're happy? Well once more they're going to put you in jail. I don't say. You know he gets those things going on back there. Like whether the little things start whatever. Or if I'm going to talk about hemorrhage there, you serious? Well I'm going to talk about hemorrhage on the day that they're sitting there with their finger on it. Well of course maybe that's where they got their finger. I need to have a record. I might be it. I'm actually if parents are deaf I got Royce right now but they could probably describe each other's pretty well because they got their finger on it. Now what we heard? I'm sorry. I wasn't listening. Yeah. I'm sorry. Oh my paper started to get all screwed up in my fax machine. Whistle a tune or something. What should I listen? Yeah the question is. Yeah. Yeah. I people were starting Chinese. It was on a sling. Anyway cut the crap. Here is the day. It says since the day you refer. Oh this is cute. You refused to sign the 18 page manifesto of the beesleys do's in don'ts. You lay down the gauntlet for Joyce to figure out another way to sanitize. You regardless of your contract. Manage will be next it says. Remember you are the only non-sport show and all those sports holes are working behind your back to a ready to keep you from the air. Well I got a simple solution for that. I'll take 60 cents at an hour. How's that for next four years? I'll go 50 cents. How's that? Right now. To the sand. I'll be gone so fast. It wouldn't know if it hit you right in the ass. Then it says. Get a real agent or lawyer since I started listening to you on WOD94. You've been complaining about his ineptness. I always thought it was part of your act. I see now it is unfortunate reality. And then of course he continues emailing me these sorry ass things about well this will be there's and this one said you know something I don't care what anybody did. The fact that it matter is you're supposed to be the hot shot. You're supposed to be the one that got Joyce straightened out and put her feet to the fire and told her that if you start messing with it show you're going to sue her ass. It says can you personally go after the cruel geables individual for a straight of trade. I'll read about anyway. We've been down that road before. That was already done years ago. We're finished with his business. And all of a sudden and that says remember your new credo collect the check. Right. No that's not my new credo. That's Berkeley in sales. That's her credo. Just collect the check. Just cash that check. Yeah get some copy you silly ass bitch. That's the problem with his daughter is that nobody wants to do their job and nobody there is willing to make them do their job. The most the biggest part of slackers I have ever worked with in my life. I mean I worked over the years with some real losers man and some real lazy ass patches who just were faking their way through life. But we stand out in that category man. We may not be one number one in the ratings anymore. But we're number one and that in indifference. We just refuse to give a crap. Just cash that check. Hey Berkeley. Got him selling new client. Okay for once in a house that peachy doing coming by the way she had coming on the year. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. They must have a local the same guy with a big bright smile on his face. Who's popping him Zantek one 50s. These people talk a good game. Buck buck buck buck. And you know something it doesn't it. No money out of my pocket. But the fact that they actually have somebody on here who wants to do a job for the client who actually has a little just a little bit of a conscience. I can't have much because I work for these people. But just a tiny little bit of a conscience. They don't understand that it's not a middle cavalry. It is absolutely unbelievable to them. They can't they can't relate. Berkeley. P.S. I sent you the facts about being bleepy for I was trying to stir up crap. But they also use the EBS signal to believe how it's stirring out of their mind. And it's waning days. Did they really? I don't believe that. Let me say it again. Howard Stern experiment was absolutely unacceptable. It was unnecessary and totally impossible. Impossible to succeed. I could have told them that they didn't need a consultant. They didn't need a rocket scientist. I told them that for free. No extra charge. Free. It's going to blow up in your face. It's going to be an disaster. And the fact that they had the show on here in Fort Myers. And it's putting Howard farting away over there. And the reason for that is because there's one individual who doesn't live in Fort Myers. He lives in Dave County. And that's the reason that we all have to like or go through this crap. And if there's anybody who wants to keep that a secret, guess what? I'll come down. I'll buy billboards to put it out. How do you like that? So that's the public knows exactly who's sticking to them. And why they can't hear what they want to hear and read what they want to read and see what they want to see. And a kind of garbage that goes on in the USA. Thank God for Canada. Maybe it's all I can tell you. And it's a no picnic. There's a no paradise. They got there. They got their few calorie type redneck Yahoo mugwamps. But they're outnumbered. 12. 56 if I'm. I get a little bit worked up here. A little bit. Not good. Stress kills, baby. For diabetes. Stress kills. Lawsuit. Big fat. Multi billion dollar lawsuit. You've been a gig yourself. Some new clothes, Joyce. Instead of Berlin. I've sat in Norma tells me where. Oh yeah. He said she's a real piece of work. And when your shop for quality footwork, great selection for professional service. You know by now I'm talking about our good pizons at Brandy shoes and Pompato Beach. They've been doing it right by you and your feet for years and years. At Brandy's, the sales holes make sure you get a perfect fit every time I give you a friendly professional service. They have unbeatable prices every week and a lot at Brandy's. You'll find top quality names like Spirory, Timberland, Rockforce, S.A.S. Floor Shime and all the other top names in the shoe business. You can't be them with a stick. Brandy's is open every day to week for your shopping convenience to Saturday. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday said to five of your fine Brandy's at 12.90 North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach. It's always worth the trip no matter where you're hanging it in out. And right now this week is a great time to buy floor shim at Brandy's. Take 20% off on all great men's styles. So be sure to come to Brandy's this week or do your shopping online. If you like at Brandy's shoes.com. You're listening to me for new Rogers. It's exclusively on five six. You're a fan. It's so wonderful to have. We're all participating in the main own goals. But they're street-fling for hunting. Thank God we don't get shot. We have a good time and a whole down 10 to no. It's such a bulletproof meeting set. We don't have any of those west coast wars. We've rather drink a course. We're in the main office. You can't nobody have a try to put a Kevin Faitile. Which is our business but follow them all. They said they can't come and draw. We're not a kind of whole. We live our life safe. But as we're all participating. We're all participating. We may own goals. But they're street-fling for hunting. We don't be shot. See American way baby. One or two or five sixty-one. We're not including sound photo over the weekend. A lot of people getting there. Ten up frustrations out of the way. Right? Probably in time for a Saint Patty's Day. When everybody gets drunk. Everybody goes around. Everybody up. What is? Sure is loud. That's right. 7 trillion. We know the Maps Journal of business Can't hear Exactly. the Washington Post reported Saturday. Not long after the outing represented delay, the second most powerful Republican in the House representatives played a key role in killing gaining related legislation opposed by the company and tribe. Must it just been a coincidence, don't you think? Of course. Delay reported in House financial disclosures that the week long made 2000 trip was paid for by the National Center for Public Policy Research, a nonprofit organization. However, the post reported lobbyists Jack Abramoff suggested the trip in a range for two of his clients. They miss a city band of Chalkta Indians and E. Lottery Inc to send checks to the center to cover the cost of the travel. Alloyer for the tribe and the E. Lottery officials said they were unaware that checks were meant to pay for the delayed trip, which included golf at Scotland's legendary sin and worse course. All right, nice going time. Maybe you go, boy. Speaking of Indians, I guess I didn't I'm not going to bother with that story about the Indians. The, uh, was it the Semonals? What about it? Where's that story? Is that on today? Josh? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It was over the weekend, I guess. Hey, listen, wherever you're finding the Indians man, you find some strange stuff going on. That's right. Just like all those, if you're all those ads, they paid for back in November. All those, uh, those slob machines are going to be the death of us all. All right. Unless we get them. 560, 560, pound 560 and the Verizon and Cedar Wireless Life, I think by brains are becoming a little bit unscramble, which will look as we've only got 56 minutes to go. Not that I'm counting you, understand. Say, right. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, what's going on Neil? Welcome to the Stereo Central, sir. Oh, my goodness. I'm going to tell you about the sooner you're thinking about this. And, uh, you know, just goes back to the first time they started to do this with a condolete thing, right? Well, that wasn't the first time, but that was a big one, yeah. Well, yeah, but that was a big, big, big, incremental thing. You kind of had to give in to that one. And you know, I think the younger version kind of didn't kind of have to, I mean, uh, yeah, that was it. Yeah. Yeah, but you gave them back and now look what they're doing. They know they had an opening and they're taking more and more. Just a minute, when you say I gave them that, did I have an alternative? Well, no, but you know, it's not that you're, or you're just right. And so, also with a wimpy attorney, like, I got, it's kind of, it's kind of thing to do with younger or older. I mean, you were to have a lot of that meeting, man. I mean, that was, uh, they gave you this capitulated, somebody threatened them and they came in like they always do. These people got the balls of a fruit fly. Yeah, they like to talk of good games, but when push comes to shove man, it came. Given if you were to screw it up at that time, you might have had to be able to beat it. Maybe it'll lock you off. You, you're moving up. You're right. Yeah, right. And I feel the soup line, but I'm the secret. I'm sure you're ready to check here. It went to keep me going to pay all my bills. Hey, the same thing happened to me in hand radio. The FCC came to my house that told me that my subject matter was out of control. They didn't want to. And they wanted me to stop it. And it was a very, you know, secret of meeting from them. And so it was a fan time of the thing happened to I do. I want to get out there and risk my life. We always get thrown in jail or throw or at side by freedom of speech. Yeah. And I exercise my right now to get thrown in jail. I shut that hell up. You know, it's too bad because we have to do that. Also, in other words, you came in. I did. I have to leave it. How come you're lecturing me that I shouldn't have caved in. And I should have stood up for my rights. You've got more money than we live on. I got a white boy. I see. Or another was actually, I should have kept my income. Because I should do. Okay. Good luck to Pal. Look for your check into my last week. Give me the address. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Everybody, everybody else is really got big balls in your shoes. You know, in your own shoes, they got like a search party, you know. They're all smoothies. But when they were in your shoes, well, like I like you in your position. And again, when you got normal can't, who just lives up to our name all the time. Although this is all taking care of. And this is all about a beat, but I'm not toxic. I mean, and then all of a sudden, it just blows up in your face all over again. And I'm going to tell you something. I don't think it will ever get all taken care of. And that's my personal belief, right? And that's one of the cancers of being on radio in that market. It's just, it's impossible. That's our luck. Other people work in markets. They do their show, they can get me in granted. They got the new FCC restrictions. But they don't have somebody who's out to destroy them to tell them air to control everything they can say and do. And that's what we've got. We've got the community sensor. And Norma, I'm Tony, what's the pun of time you need to find job as many years ago? But lately it's like, but I beat that I've looped it about, but I'm going to do this and I'm going to, and it doesn't happen. And I keep here in the same crap month after month after month. And it doesn't happen. But up until today, it didn't have any impact on me or they showed directly. I mean indirectly, yes, but not directly. But today it does. And today is the last day that I'm going to operate under these circumstances. There is absolutely no way that this crap that's going on today is going to happen again tomorrow or wherever again, I want to do it. It's a slap in all of our face. WQAM hello. Hey, you're still going to be around the push to get something. And one is right. Okay, I'm looking at mirror sweetheart. WQAM hello. Hi, I'm your teacher. How are you, sir? Okay. I want to know why I did for nothing. I can't go to school. We're wasting our time and our money making all these stupid people payers. I admit that they use their way to have the courage to take care of them. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I'm off an ask him, okay, call up your Congress people. I asked him by the waste in your money. WQAM hello. Yes. Are you done there? Okay. Round here? It's time just like you. You know, I don't know. I've even watched a this interview with Asked Smith that goes, uh, I saw it and there's nothing to make me peep my guts out of. Yes. I heard of it. I was kind of at two days ago. Yeah. Really believe that story. I don't know. It's not something I should let me pull things out. I don't know what you did. I don't know what I don't care. I don't really care. Well, you know what you know. You made fantastic pancakes, man. Don't be so nervous. You're going to write a book about it and probably get a 60 grand. What the hell? We were. 60 grand. She's going to make millions off of this. Oh, she's going to make a book. No, I don't want to. Right. But my question is, isn't it? I'm not telling you that she probably knew the guy and then they all they had this whole thing set up so that she could just act like they had the whole thing set up. And he was going to grab the gun and record. Really? I'm going to get away cards over. Oh, hi. That guy right away for sales manager or corporate attorney or both. Yeah. It's really, it's there are no words to describe the experience that we're living through. I was going to say surviving. I'm not so sure anymore. There are no words to describe it. I mean the idea that you're looking for somebody to get people to do their job and the person responds by saying, oh, well, I don't want to be out talk about all the way to long. I'm not going to talk to anyone. That's just an excuse. That's not the end of the personality. He's interested in doing it. And he wouldn't be talked about if you got them to do something, but you're not. And happen. Not cutting it, Curtis. Ain't getting it done, baby. That's our sales man, Graman. He's very, another one that's very uptight. He's talking about me. Well, get something done. I'll talk about you good. I'll say he had that Curtis man. He's really doing a job. So what thing about me? I tell the way I see it. Okay. I call him the ways I see them. Yeah. See this? Yeah. See this. Yeah. See this. WQA and Paul. Lovely to. Lovely to. Hello, we're communicating. I bet you that got dumped. How many QA and hello? No, there was something dirty in this one. You'll assure it. Yes, the more it's coming. Yeah. I think counting the minutes that this would happen. Yeah. I knew this would happen. You brought this on yourself. Yeah. Why is that sir? Well, I mean, you know, when you started spewing the hate and the gainess. Oh, there's him again. Oh, yeah. The gainess. Hey, remember Joe's listen. It's not too late. You come out of the class at all. Quite frankly, who the hell would want to get a life? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He's right in there with Chris Bush, you know what? Let's put him on some of the promos. Come here. They had some of those homo promos. Come in. You're in. Hello. Are you doing? No. Okay, sir. Um, going back to the store and you know, those are these guys who do an hour of killing. They will run some real bad guys, real big drinkers. You know, they found the Lord and then they started reading the Bible for 20 hours a day. Right. Well, when I went to the factory back home, we had a gathering I get and he did one more day, Rowan. It was really his fault. And he wouldn't agree with me. And when they told me, what would have a job anymore? He said, thank you Lord John, you're the greeners. You can leave all the time because I'm going to shoot everybody in here. Okay. And he shot, now people just to get ready to search. There you go. I've got to tease, he's after right now with the same Peter man, you wanna told us preacher that he was sorry. They're probably laughing or asked off a bird out to prolongates. Yeah, all these boardigan phony's mans. He read in the Bible. I mean, what a what a typical southern story, you know what a great story she read the Bible made him pancakes with real butter who talked about god and the good book world stories if she'd use margarine she would have been killed that's right chart in short and let's have talk about two-fly pie short and short and maybe like a short but that's like that kind of leaves a song that's gonna get dumped a short and bread that's it yeah short and she don't be singing at now it's got overtime tones twelve minutes after one and five sixty w q a and the main man Anthony Kelly in or what acceptance capital mortgage knows that paying off your credit cards lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash investing in real estate are the top of your lists florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the west so it just as make any sense at all to keep so much money tough in your house or pay high interest rates the main man this year is partnering with kids in distress helping abuse in the lecture children in south foot of twenty five years this year staff is donating a portion of their commission on every closed loan for this worthwhile cause with since kids of his own the main man knows how important being a paradise so call the main man Anthony Kelly in though toll free one triple eight four eight three long be sure to tell me that birthday call one eight eight eight four eight three long ago the main man comment your application out right online no matter what your situation you'll find a way solution to get the old on forget about calling anybody else in the mortgage business called the main man Anthony Kelly into at one triple eight four eight three loan that's one eight eight four eight three loans oh We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We're going to be the first to come. We can't say what. Okay, but do it. It's my phone. One 18 at five, 60 WDQAM. I'll tell you one thing. All these years, I've never worked out a radio station where the so-called corporate attorney was the one who was basically kind of like running the day-to-day affairs of the radio station. If you don't understand, you're early right. Yeah, I never heard such a thing. And she's instructing stuff to do this in parents to do that. And we're going to do this on the ill shore. And she's running it. Where's your boyfriend in all of this? Where's Mr. I need to haircut with the Brooks Brothers expensive suit on? Where's he in the middle of all this? Or are you talking to me? Yeah, I'm talking to you. I wish you good post-personal buddy. I haven't seen it. No. But you said he was back? Right, they were paging him over the internet. Were they really? They really were. What would they call for the paper tiger? Is it a listron of secret plans where it combined air and ground attack on targets in Iran? If diplomacy fails to help you when you nuclear program? The inter-capitalian, right, aerial shirong, is really Prime Minister gave initial authorization for an attack at a private meeting last month on his rash in the negative desert. Is really forces of use to mock up Iran's Natans uranium enrichment plant in the desert to practice destroying it. The Texas food raids by Israel's elite Shaldog, Commander-in-Chief, and their strikes by F-15 jets from 69 squadron using bunker-busting bombs to penetrate underground facilities. The plans have also been discussed with American officials who said to have indicated provisionally that they would not stand in Israel's way if all international efforts to halt Iranian nuclear projects failed. Well, they didn't interact and that one worked out pretty good. Why not in Iran? That's one time we might actually say, hey, you go boys. Go ahead. A boys? You go. You go. You go. You go. You go. You go. You go. 560. 560. And the rise in singular ryls line. We're doing a little mock poll. I realize it's only a little bit too soon. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. Why are they all uptight for you dropping somebody's name on the radio? Because judge, you choices of jackass. But why is there such a double standard there? Yes, then don't ask me. You know, I want to be out there tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock when a thickening sign and then buttermilk biscuits and butter. Everything. Good. Absolutely. Don't forget butter. We'll better mind. Come join me. Okay. He's picking your fat ugly ass joy. He's hunting like that with real pancakes and real cream. We're butter. That's right. Sounds good to me. Especially with some poison very sauce on it for joy. Still rather have loveless there. Or you can go to eye hop and puker guts out there. I mean, have a real great breakfasts. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound by 60 out of horizon and singular rows. We've got only 38 minutes to go. I think we can make it. And I don't know. I'm not positive, but I think. I am illin. You know. This has been too much stress for an old diabetic fat like me. What way too much? Honestly, it's just an acceptable. There's no reason for it. And you heard if the audience could have heard the way that that went down. I mean, is just mind blowing the two of them in unison. Like a team they come running in there. Of course they're always doing to the hippos. Oh, and we're going to be a mother when you show first to see violations. Enjoy yourself. And like just before I'm going on a year. And I'm thinking, what are you two crazy bastards talking about? Does that what you're kind of thinking? What is this all about? What kind of, I mean, who just crawled up inside your body and just started to turn on the switch? The switch. The switch. WQA and hello. Me or Hawaii. Okay. Okay. Listen. What other than the Spanish? You being the main guy in that station? The barring. They voluntarily predict two different ethnicities. The government. And then that's paper at corporate. Yeah. And I just don't understand that I can't see my evidence. And then this piece fighting, we can tell you about the FCC all we want. And legitimately so, but the fact that this woman who is not a broadcast or by any stretch of imagination is allowed by the company to make up the restrictive words and phrases and sounds. Have it out. This piece volumes about their lack of ability to be real broadcasts. These people are airzots man who make believe. These aren't real broadcasts. Because I don't think you want, you sign any paper that has her, you know, the jet to follow what she said. I mean, I understand the F.D. even not her, you know? And I don't know. She's way out of line and over the line and her behavior this morning and what she did to me in this show. She ought to have her aspired right now. Yeah. And I have to conglise the rights for president. This country still still raises that. I was on a business trip, I was tech and the only time I saw black and white together was on my couch. There you go. Okay. Oh, but I forget that's where they get their real butter from. Yeah. Good on you. Yeah. That turns and turns as what else you'd have bought in Calshade or was that old problem? Not sure. Hard to tell them apart. 560560. Yeah. If you think that the folks in the deep South are going to vote for a black, a black candidate period, but a black woman. Oh. Now we'll say this. I think that Hillary and Barack Obama, what kind of a ticket would that be, huh? Would that be an asktick or what? Yeah. No. No. Why not? Because she's on it. How about I'm saying if she were to be the candidate? Yeah. Hillary and Barack Obama. Because then that would counteract the effect of any dark folks. If I go out and vote for Converlio, he's on a racial legacy. I think anyway. I think anyway. It could win opposite. Yeah. She's bad news. She's a real piece of turd. That's doctor, right? Doctor, right? Converlio, kind of. I would probably not. Father, I don't want to leave. I don't want to leave. I don't want to leave. I don't want to leave. Can you imagine those debates? Hillary would chew her up her breakfast like buttermilk pancakes with margarine. Oh, God. She wouldn't even need the real butter. Hillary was too her up and spittered ass out. She's like a little ruchess. That's a lucid role in what she wants to see. She's a little bad. Coming up tonight, a linside of mine, The true Hollywood celebrity music bar to be profile story. She tried very hard to be important. She really did. Isn't that just so sweet? She was Susan Vega. My name is Brooklyn. I live on the second door. Yeah, Luca was a song about a boy with abusive parents. My mission was to only write music about socially relevant subjects. Hello, red flag, career killer. Susan Vega's manager, Slavy Gole. The next time you heard from Susan Vega, she was as innocuous as could be. God love us. The Slavy drew up a new contract for Susan. The terms of which dictated that she could now only communicate in a monosolabic nonsense words. Hey, Susan, how you doing? Well, actually, the current political climate in this country. What did we talk about? Yeah, that's bad. That's very good. Very good. I can't just trust. Some of the environments. No, no, no, no, no, sorry. It's in the contract, honey. Come on, keep talking. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, baby. For a few minutes, she has something on her mind. Honestly, isn't that yes darling? It's a big juicy, something we're looking at show by tonight. On inside the behind. On 31, I think she hit her thumb on you know. I secretly I report as cashed out on Al Khatizability of this stage. Another spectacular attack in the U.S. 3.5 years after the 9-11 hijackings he knew after the mid-Jard bombings that he was the only other major struck in the vest. While the desire of the al-Qaeda leadership to attack the U.S. is now in a question of reports that their capability to do so is unclear, especially in regard to spectacular operations. Contrared statements by prosecutors in the FBI's own chief Robert Mueller, the February report obtained last week by ABC News says the agency knows of no al-Qaeda's sleep regents in the U.S. The leak report emphasizes it's not only Britain, which is having difficulty measuring me potential threat from international terrorism. Recently President George W. said Osama Yamama had contacted Abu and Masab al-Zarkawi al-Qaeda chief of association and racked the seekiest up and finding attacks on the U.S. keep them scared, baby. Keep them in the state of panic. Oh my god. They're like Michael Norse. Well, by the way, speaking of Michael Norse, W.M.V. weapons have massed these sifchen. Remember that? Right, documentary? Now it's out, I guess I'm going to have to go look for it today. I'm going to have to look for it myself, my head for now. What? Put an ice pack on this. You don't seem to understand. This was, well, maybe you do. This was mentally debilitating to me. This whole thing. And the way it was done was even worse than the actual acted self. I mean, anybody who's been in this business more than five minutes knows you cannot do something like what they did to me, but you cannot do it. Even at this jockey, even somebody who's just been in records and given the time and temp, you don't do it to somebody in this business in a manner where this was done and the timing which it was done, which makes me really wonder if it's real suspicious to me. Now let me say it again, if you want me to fly away, all you got to do is write a check and make sure it's good. Get that Greg's squiggle on it, make sure it doesn't debounce. That's all. The happiest day of my life. And those facts, everybody else out there who was saying that that you're right, I'm wrong, I screwed up. I should never, ever, especially after what they put me through and mad dog and Hank, after what we went through, we signed with this budget, Ray Robbing, Luna Six, this isn't a business, this is monkey business, these are crazy people, these are absolute great robbers, they don't care about us, work garbage, we're just a necessary means to an end, that's all necessary evil, especially you by the way. Oh, yeah, no, extra evil. WMD Web is a message to section by Danny Shekter, which is of course a great documentary. And I notice it's on amazon.com and it says the film is scheduled to come out on DVD and Mark's to coincide with the second anniversary of the invasion of Iraq and y'all be honest, it's mostly pretty damn good, I'm going to go out and see if I can find it. I just, I just had saved that thing there, I just, you know, just acting, you know, rather watch that since he 54 again. Or casino. Yeah, seriously, I'm not joking about this, Volca Brian and Joe Peshire are the same person. He only uses that to the rig, that's silly ass, that's his disguise, if one, you know, once he takes it off, that's, that's Volca Brian. When he puts it on, Joe Peshire. Now we can play some of those Joe Peshire bits by the way, but I have a feeling they might get, extra size, extra size. Yeah, yeah, don't do it. I'm 149 votes on it. We might crack a thousand, but I really don't care. I mean, I could have pushed for that. We could have easily gone over a thousand, but do we care today Josh? Sure. No, wrong answer. No, wrong answer. No, we don't. Case erasera. If Hillary, I'm going to read the result. It's over, well, it's a landslide in this crowd. All of Condoleezza got 115 votes. We need to find those people to crack them down. Just like we needed to happen in Dave County on election day. Last Tuesday, that's what needed to happen. All you Julio's, there you screwed up. You were supposed to go find Papi and Abuela and Mama Sita and then lock him into broom closet. Lock him into room where they keep that little box with a used toilet paper. And not let him vote. Wait till like 705 in the PM just to make sure it was safe and then you could let him out. Maybe. Right? They didn't do it. Hi, I saw on the air on that vote for Hillary or Condoleezza. Yeah, what about? Well, why not vote for Condoleezza if you got a stick of gun in your mouth? Well, what does that mean? I don't know. Okay. Well, maybe we'll tell you that you made that comment. It'd probably be too upset here, though. WQAM, hello. Hi. Is Neil there? Speaking. Neil. Yes. Hi, this is Susie from Lake Worth. Pice is using from Lake Worth. I'm your biggest fan ever. Right. Right. And I don't know what you're talking about right now. Well, I agree with you on Ashley. Yeah, she's on again right now, by the way. All right, can you show off? He didn't. I think he's on. I'm sure they've not heard the agent that he heard. And office enough already. Right. I don't even want her pancakes. Well, I have a great day, Susie. Okay. Okay. Don't be calling us again. 560560. I'm going to show you the top five 60 of the Verizon singular wireless line. I'd rather hear from Chris Bush to be honest with you. WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. WQAM, hello. QAM. Well, he's a good. No, he's a good. You know, he's a good. He's a special. These are the meat and potatoes. The bread and butter. The pancakes and the pancakes and potatoes. WQAM, hello. 560. Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? I like the way you chopped that off. That was good. Yeah, right. I can't wait to have Michael Jackson on. You know, you don't want to put him on the stand or is he not going to be on the stand? Uh, if they're smart, they won't put him on her because every time he's testified, I've had lawsuit about the rights to the music or whatever. Every lawsuit he's ever had where he testified, he was an absolute disaster. Okay. Because I figured if they're going to put him on, you know, he's going to say something like, That's ignorant and booty, cheesy. And that was good. Yeah. Britain. He's making fun of Michael Jackson. Look at a marriage month. 560, 560, 560, and of course if he did get up on a wedding stand, Talk about milk and cookies and cookies and milk and air right. Especially after milk continues with the Jesus do you know? It's just like, what's your name there? Ashley. Come on, Ashley. Speak up to me. Yeah. Do you ask me? What I thought he should do? Yeah. And I thought I think he's turned yourself out. Inside out. We'll be good. Put the gun on your mouth. If I just said, maybe he was called like about 37 to assume. About 30 men. He must have been psychic. No, what's he was going to say? Come to QAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I just wanted to tell you, I've only heard 50 pieces of the show today because I've been working. But I am so upset with their doing to you. I've been listening to you since data. And I'm 34 years old. And somehow I'm not robbing, I've been shooting people and beating up old ladies and doing all these horrible things for me and a fan of yours. And for people to try to restrict you. It's just bothering the crap out of me. Yeah. And there's nothing I can say. Nothing I can do and it's horrible. Yeah. Well, let's visit today. This is the end. I mean, this is where I draw the line. If they want to continue with this thing, get somebody else. Yeah. But it's so sad that all these people, you know, I'm not a chronic. You know, you've just been a part of my life for all these years. And it's just tragic that you've never heard anybody who only helped people. And they're doing this to you. And it's just terrible. Well, there's an afrog case. There are a bunch of Spimerless cowards. And of course, when people are lost and they don't know what they're doing. That's when they panic. And they start over reacting. And that's that's the choice. She's in so far over where he's drowning. Well, if I ever see her on a steel head or when a skillet over her head or something. I'm going to skill over. But it's firstly to want to use to make those pancakes with. Yeah. Yeah. This is a dough with the pancakes. Thanks. Alright. I love you. See you. Thanks. I really believe in. I showed them all the challenge. There you go. Chalagon. That'll do it every time, baby. You're a real guy. Stakes and stands for nothing. Okay. I believe you. Ah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Hey. Right. What. You. Grow. That's just for our style of style. You've got to watch. What? You say you better or you'll just like that You'll just like that No matter today, I'm on a train You'll just like that Come on back and let us play Have fun, see me Life is a day, this is a dream Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I hear my heart, you're the suspect To do again before It's likely to be by the power That's been made our war God push the federal administration To make a crowd proud See what's on the power That's the days they've on the national market For the ones that hate them I don't mind the national market For the ones that hate them They want my children right next For the ones that hate them For the ones that hate them Ah One forty six four-teen go two We got more Howard David And That's what I thought I'm mad dog at four Jolty is seven I'm going to call a crowd in advance for that And any K10 look after it He could be dangerous A radical Egyptian terror known as Abu Omar was walking to a Milan mosque for noon prayers February of 2003 When it was grabbed on the sidewalk by two men Sprayed in the face with chemicals and stuff into a van He hasn't been seen soon Oh my God Milan investigators Now appear to be close to identifying his kidnappers Last month the officials showed up at Aviano Air Base in northern Italy And demanded records of any American planes That have flown into or out of the joyous Italian military installation Around the time of the abduction They also asked for laws of the vehicles that are entered the base The time in the 30 suspect the Egyptian was the target of a CIA sponsored operation Milna's rendition In which terrorism suspects are forcefully taken for interrogation To countries where torture is practiced The Italian probe is one of three official investigations that are surfaced in the past year Into renditions believed to have taken place in western Europe Although the CIA usually carries out operations with the help of busing or friendly local intelligence agencies Law enforcement authorities in Italy German and Sweden are examining whether US agents may have broken local laws By detaining terrorist suspects on European soil and subject them to abuse or maltreatment Wouldn't it be something if Joyce got like picked up on the street by the CIA? A Yeah, B And disappeared for a long time Wouldn't their lives improve dramatically on that? Yeah All of us Life will be sweet Nothing to be fine if I'm in the Luzurass and Carolina On a way back to Maryland or wherever she came from Bitch 986 votes on a conglies and Hillary race Hillary's kicking her ass man She's doing it like I said at least that's a guarantee of the first bull-like president either way What? They go either way well although Hillary's got a husband you know he could be VP. I think yeah The Homeland Security Department's former independent watchdog says he was twice summoned to then secretary Tom Rage's orifice Lifesteer and asked why his reports criticized in the agency were being sent to Congress and Will they could be presented more favorably to the department? Rage was trying to get me not to give things to Congress and also to try to spin reports in a way most favorable to the department And I resisted both of those former inspector general Clark Kent Irvin said in interview. That's his name Clark Kent Irvin I wonder if he took the glasses off during the interview in a statement read said I didn't always agree with the tactics in interpretations Conclusion to recommendation of the inspector general at no time. However, did I ever ask when to suppress it with whole-day specific report? Irvin statements are on true and deserve no further comments said, Rage who left the secretary last month The AP approached Irvin about his meetings with bridge after the dates turned up on bridges daily appointment counters Which the AP obtained last month of the freedom of information act the AP first requested the counters of December 2003 The department finally released him last month three days after ridge left office when it would be more safe And the story about washing your hands if that wasn't powerful enough to really get you to run in scrub Wait to hear this I'm trying to discuss that they put out there. It's like a it's like a stuff of falling prophecy When you treat people like morons like imbiscals like little children guess what they behave like morons and imbiscals I'm a little children's a dumbing down effect man look at this station for example God over the years studies have come out casting some negative light on certain foods But Dr. Sean Kenneth from the CBS affiliate Miami WFLR TV so that's you take it right off the bed for good about it Says before you cut them from your diet consider their good qualities as well Consumed in moderation as they can be good for you eggs We all know that as your high and cholesterol affect a single leg as 213 milligrams of cholesterol And then which is about two thirds you recommend a daily level But what you may not know is that newer studies indicate the continuous substance substance That in lab animals block the absorption of cholesterol in your bloodstream the key is not prepared them and too much butter Saved the body butter for Ashley So if you can write it those pancakes when the next criminal comes knock it on her door Which do you like better the pancakes with butter or the Bible and the God? That's a good question. I think it's a pancake. I think you might consider avoiding fried eggs instead opting for scrambled hard-boiled or poached eggs. Oh, it is nothing worse than poached soft for your soft spin late-time blood pressure and heart disease But recent research indicates the link may not be as solid as rock solid as one's thought the American Heart Association recommends it I'll consume more than six ran to solid today. So it's okay to sprinkle some powder. You know, so this is such crap man All the stuff that they already put into your food don't even think about that shake or well Okay, even the shakers won't use it. It's like it's canned food even a Quakers and shakers won't use it Potatoes the key as well as is the potatoes They aren't fried and saturated or as well guess what their pure carbohydrates They suck their bad for you only the potato skin is what's good for you and 99% of people don't eat the skin Don't say it. Let's say nothing bad I had your nod. I'm thinking it though. Can you feel it peanut butter make contain lots of fat But not all fats are bad for you peanut butter as monolone saturated Which can reduce bad cholesterol the serving size for peanut butter is about two tablespoons and then try to talk just put two tablespoons of peanut butter I mean that's what choice is gonna have me do everything before I do the show See what further impediment she can throw them a roadblocks put two tablespoons of peanut butter in your mouth I love the look at how's that's a red meat beef is about 20 times leaner than it was a decade ago So it doesn't have as much saturated fat as it used to the key when buying beef by lean cuts such as flank steak top surlan and tenderloin and there's nothing like tenderloins Okay, I say that sorry boys Now last and definitely not least the best dark chocolate Yeah, we search your shown that dark chocolate is a body good They've been pedalling this for so long. It's not only good for the heart, but can prove your blood flow Dark chocolate contains lots of flapping. Oh, it's it may prevent the stiffening of blood vessels This however is now mixed used to go out of eat a ton of dark chocolate eaten moderation not more than two three pounds a day I God Why It's that whole fast. I'll be pulling out your ass, not a shacle. All of you got none of meause of us well. come plus day this double. Play savior. Play familiar. Joy sound, play fireball close walking. Joy sound, playing fireball like this all over my morning brave times. That's why I can't tolerate comes asking for no one's stolen that you've paid me back. I ain't no just man that need. The time to get a call out of me is a crime. What the fuck? I don't call it dead, you're not my man. You just say what I don't ask, I just want to be a part of the death. I get you, you're not my son. And I can't stand you, I'm going to the police, don't you? I can't stand you, don't you? I can't stand you. I can't stand you. I have no more standing by, I'll be along with you too. Anyway, here's the pull result. We got a 4000 votes, Joshua Courses, very proud of that. A thousand and seven, I'd be like that. I told you. It's almost like dying and going to heaven, a thousand and seven. If he ever cut and kind of leased around for president in 2008, who would you owe for? What would you do? What would you say? What would you tell her? He was $589. She just kicks Candlees and asks the denigant, that's his coming pinko crowd of ours. I'd leave the country to $225. That's how overwhelmed with the nausea they would be. Candlees, $121. That just makes me want a gag and puk. I'm not sure who I despise more. Candlees are a choice. Who is more anxious? That's all I think of words. Yeah, that's a good word. And wouldn't vote 72, rhymes with what you think. Anyway, that's going to do it for today. Of course, it's going to be a very pleasant Monday. Wonderful way to start the week. I'll be back tomorrow. Unless, of course, we, the Joyce and other corporate individuals decide, they want to continue this inquisition. See, one thing about me, I don't participate in two things. I don't do suspensions. I don't participate in acquisitions. And quite frankly, if she wants to continue with her R&S and a dude, she can, as somebody earlier said, more eloquently than I ever could. She could blow it out her ass. Bye, bye, bye.