Great, two human and a lot more money. You know what? There's a guy in the pissed him off. There's a guy who could be his biggest star outside of Shaqil. Shaqil, you say whatever your guy says. I don't say that guy. That guy. That's not that guy. Shaqil. Shaqil. Anyway, why was I ignoring him and guilty? If you've got something going on with him too, No, no. I like guilty, I hope he does well. Do you know who's doing exactly again long too well? In fact, probably somebody, do you know who you're having the guilty? It's such a super job. Because played by a play guy, tended to be very jealous of each other. Especially if they have like a big pompous ego. Oh, don't do that. I was gonna say the good ones aren't. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. They don't care. They just go out and do this stuff. And not jealous of the other guys. Don't start with this hockey talk. Great co-tech. Oh, we're talking about it. Oh, he's crazy. I had noticed a great co-tech right in the, Harold this morning. Oh, let's bring back the rats to hell with the NHL. Hey, hey, hey on this guy, I said some moron. He always has been always will be his idiot. Absolutely idiot. They're not gonna bring back the rats. They can't throw crap on the ice. It was a really stupid ancid the in the first place. Only in Miami would people come up with that. It's just ain't gonna happen. Well, they did ask for permission. Yeah. They haven't heard back yet. Yeah, well, they better not get permission. It's so stupid to delay. The whole concept of all the other of these changes to speed the game up as opposed to slowing it down every time a score goal that would take a 500 rants off the ice. He thinks to cry. I looked at the scores today and with a couple of exceptions, there weren't that many high scoring games. No, no, Leafs blew their game in last couple of minutes and then wanted to go lose the on the shoot out. No overtime. I hate that shoot out. But it is, yeah, that's not sports. Doop it now. I mean, either it's a hockey game or it's a shoot out. You know, make up your mind. You know, are you playing hockey rules or is this, they're just doing it because they're desperate to try to add new viewers. And it's not gonna happen in the States. They're not gonna get new viewers because they've seen some rules. They're not gonna get new viewers on the outdoor channel. Oh, I know. Oh, well in. I got that here. You got it on your cable. You better get that. I do. I did. Well, and then maybe not. I don't know. I was watching the Game of the Skydone Sports Channel. In fact, let me see. Where's the, I think it's three, four. I mean, I'm not gonna wear the phone. I'm fine. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. That's bad. There is, oh, here it is. That's camped out for this week. I'm a brown. Thanks for watching. Camping out. She's camped out. Yeah. Well, I'm seeing. Camping out. I'll have to go watch that. I'm sorry. She's camping in. Yeah. Oh, brother. So we're real excited about Geli and Tanton's gonna win their division this year. They're gonna kick some ass to get the play off for the first time in a while. And there would be a lot of 40 bandwagon jumpers. I was just pleased to see that who was the one that told me. Maybe it's going to coat that. One of the articles that I read was that there were a lot of MTCs even though they claimed lives out in the herd. MTCs? Yeah. Yeah. This is a surprise. They got a long way to go to get people back. And what's not a sports town anyway? It's a football town. That's it. That was Dave Hodge, com today. That's the one I read. Yeah. Yeah. Where you said that the five thousand people see that. Not the throw-pony night sport. I want to have a point. When the Santa Cup Champions have a bit of a lightning come to Tanton Marna, they're better not be no 5,000 empty seats. I'm gonna like start asking a lot of serious questions. Oh, more to go. Oh, yeah. Mollers said that they only had about a thousand tickets left for tomorrow. Yeah. Randy, red deer, Randy, molar. That guy. That silly clown. He had a replace of Stanley C. Panther. Just be the team man's God. You don't like it hard. You don't like Mueller? No, I didn't say, oh, now you're starting man. His wife is probably listening right now. Don't ever say something that she can grab on to. She's the most sensitive thing in the world. I don't like. I don't like. I don't like Randy's a good guy. He goes very far now to be his role in life as to be a silly goose. He wants to be a silly person. And he's going to have a job at it. But nevertheless, but you know, me. I don't like anybody. I'm just a heart ass. You're just an old softy. I'm just, I kind of like balance. I'm just old. You like everybody. You're just real easy guy. And I'm just a heart ass. We live in this bastard that never lets up on the world. Just. I don't like everybody. Yeah. I won't give me any of somebody that you can't stand. Well, I'll see that when I'm on the way to man. Somebody outside the building that you can't stand. Oh. Okay. It takes away my ear. Yeah. Come on. Sure. I don't like him. John Henry. Oh, can't stand. How about Wayne? You know what? I don't have huge problems with Wayne. Really? Yeah. We wanted to talk about the food and the press boss again. How was it, him? Who was that? It was a guy who was a president of the stadium. Oh, I see. Wayne, do you think Wayne cares what I say about the food and the stadium? I don't know. I know he cares about some of the stuff people say. Because I remember the time that we had to put the game in the stadium. That's before I came to the station. And they took you off the air while he was giving you a, he was calling you from his plane or something the story goes and is a gacky was on the air for a few minutes while you were getting instructions from Wayne about some damn thing. And then he did the same thing with mad dog. Don't you remember on his very first broadcast? His very first game with it often. Yeah. Wayne went to the booth. He came into booth and you better know what you're talking about. He was talking about the, you know, I've never had a problem with the guy. And I haven't always. And I haven't always. They're even about that. And I've been critical about something she's never said to worry. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. He's our main man. The guy with the thin skin is the marlins. Really? Are you going to start with that again? No. We want the world series. Yeah. Yeah. David Samson. You mean David to mean Jeffrey Luria? No. Luria is fine. We did it. Well, you mean David Samson is the one that's got the thin skin? Yeah. I've got to try to force like that. I don't think I've got to afford to have thin skin. That's why he's got to force like that. If he's got thin skin. I like Luria. He's all right. I want to see. I'm learning something already this morning. I thought you're probably the other way around. No, no problem. No. I've said that. So I'm going to listen to David Samson. I went on the other station on Joel Fineberg station and said, Hank say, whatever you said. Uh-huh. That was not Luria. I see. So David Samson. Oh, what? I don't have a problem. So you can be valid again. Well, you better not say it. Oh, that's on my time now. That's okay. It's after 10. You can be valid again. Yeah. That's as far as I go with it. So the dolphins are going to be 3 and 1 after Sunday. They're playing a girls team. And they're everybody in town. And you don't have to catch a chicken. I hate to say this. But as mediocre as the league, and I don't care what you say. I mean, I see a lot more football than you do because I have the luxury being home with the package and see all the games. I see all the games too. How do you do that? Last Sunday, I was at the Fox officers in the New York. I watched every game. Really? Yeah, but that usually doesn't happen. Well, on Sundays, if the dolphins are in home or if I'm not covering a game, I'll go. Even last week, two weeks ago when I was at the dolphin game, I watched all the late games afterwards. But the effect of the matter is the league is so unbelievably weak and watered down. Like a bad team. They just might be okay. They might be alright. And of course, the paper, it's not making excuses. But when you lose both your coordinators and when you lose a Teddy Bruceky and now Ronnie Harrison for the season, man, they're defenseless. They can't stop anybody. I mean, those are the two stalwarts on defense. They really missed them last week. There are two hard guys to replace. Well, this week they go into Atlanta. We'll see what happens there. Well, they can't be to Atlanta, man. Forget about that. But you know, something? What have they got to prove? They won three silver bulls in four years. And some of these children sending me faches. Now, all of the dolphins are to and why. And your team is still at the end of the week. And they really saw it. Yeah, right. Tell me about seven or eight weeks what the situation is. You lose it. You bandwagon. Seriously, I can't imagine. I know it's human nature anywhere. There are certain number of people that always want to jump on a bandwagon. Because they have no life. Absolutely correct. I was talking about that earlier. Yeah. About guys like these university and Miami boosters. Oh, yeah. A turtle saw in the world. They're in that direction. That's what they are. They just. That's right. Never go back to the you. I've never seen anything as juvenile. I was saying that to George yesterday before the show. The whole of you have had not just the sports programs. But a lot of the people who are involved there within the university. The whole thing is just so juvenile. Because I and I know pretty well because I did those a hurricane baseball game for six years in man. What a bunch of overgrown children. People in the sandbox never gave it up. And so much politics echoes on air. There's no politics that you end in Washington. It's amazing. I think the time was we were going to do the game. Remember that? Oh, yeah. And we were. And I did. We were finished. Hey, can I we're going to do a game. I forgot about that. Sunny was in the Yorker somewhere. It was full in for Rick. We were doing a dolphin game. And so the idea was inside broadcast. You end baseball for six years. Five on radio one on TV. That we were going to do a game together. Which would have been a lot of fun. It would have been fine. And it was vetoed. It was next by the balloon always hurricane. I mean, a station. I didn't want to. I had nothing to do with you. But it was. They didn't want an old pervert like that. And the Rogers on the games. I don't need to. For six years you understand. I remember when you did them. You were good. I would know. I was not good. I was great. Well, I mean, let's call the spade. Mr. I did it in good job. It did. I mean, I was no. Mike Rosenhall, but I did the best I could. You did the games by yourself, too. No, I did not. Who did I'm talking about? I've done many things by myself. But that wasn't one of them. No, I had I had Bob burger on it with me. Oh, yeah, Bob burger. And then I had more. What was his name? Mortimer Stewart. More. I can't think of his last name. Old old guy. Who was the W.S. News for about a year. More. Oh, no. You know it. Luba. You remember more. Luba? He's the Princeton football. He was old when he was born. He was about six hundred years old. He did a call. And in between those two, I had Dave Lamont. The guy that killed Sunny Hirsch. No, sir. I used to like Dave. He was good guy. Said he farted constantly during the games. And just used to drive me nuts. He wanted to do something about doing the at Marquette Stadium, the Hurricane Baseball. No, sir. Remember, we didn't do the games in the broadcast booth on radio. We did them up on the top of the stairs. Well, I used to say when you first started doing those games, you used to do them down below. Right. Back home play. No. I saw you doing games. Never. Never. Dreaming. You're hallucinating. No, we had a spot. You know where the, not that they mean press box. But there was a press box on the side like on the first baseline. And it was a stairwell. I think that where we had a boots up on top of the stairwell is perfect. Right. Next to the bleachers. And there was always the aroma of the, one thing about that place man. They really had good food. I mean, oh yeah. That's all right. Insanse and stuff. They still do. And the aroma of that would come whafting up by your sitting there. And then every now and then, oh, geez. They're not farted again. He was, he was okay. He's a good guy. And then all of a sudden when we found out that he, you know, he and Pete Boulder stand sunny in the back and basically. Huh? Sunny got the job back. Yeah. Yeah. He's on ESPN. Everybody winds up on ESPN. You know, no thing. Chris Moore on was on ESPN. And the mind is not on ESPN. He's a sideline reporter for ABC. Who is Lamont? Lamont, oh, the Lamont Kranston. Yep. He's nice. I said, yes, that I had to, this is going to be a long cross over day. Because I want to talk about booster. And even though he's buddies with that idiot, Dan LeBastard, the booster made the right choice. I had been arguing with Josh Curtis for a long time about that. I thought that he, you know, if you're a signature voice of a team, a major league French or whatever sport it is, that you can really become big, you know. But, uh, Marlon's, especially he geographically isolated from a rest of the Universal Civilization, I don't think that's the case. So I'm doing a playoff. Yeah. He's a great guy thing. He's getting a tremendous amount of cover dummy, SPN TV and radio. And he's great. He's where that's his call. And he's going to do other sports. Yeah. Nice gone, boaster. And lose the orange here, by the way. But he's going to be very good. Yep. So he made the right move with what do we do wrong? Nothing. On that note, yeah, we're okay. We're all right. For old age, for the old daughter and Jews, we're doing a We're fine. Did you have Bino on today, right after a Mike Burrino? Yes. I thought I heard you say that. Yep. We'd like to keep it old here. Uh-huh. Let's get Jimmy to Greek back on one more time. Let's leave him a minute. Let's get Jimmy back on there. Jimmy would be involved today. Some racially insensitive comments. Yeah. It's actually the nice build Bennett. No, nobody could be that. Oh, brother. It's just amazing to be that no matter, no matter what these people do on the far right. It just slides off their ass. It's like our rush with the oxy, you know, and the hearing thing and all that stuff. It's like it never happened. Go back on that chain. Oh, Riley with a pervert phone calls and the build better with his gambling problem. Oh, I'm not chaining going on rushy show. Yeah. It's just a five a choice of that. And of course, a call into Sean Hannity too, because they had a pacified. That we sure all the right wing racists that don't know where we got control of this bitch. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Now we'll see. You'll see. You think Roe V. Wade's got a, a tenements. He had to do that for him to do that call between heartstents. Yeah. He'd know between niece, whatever. He's all knees now. He certainly isn't all heart. God is punishing him man for his evil ways. Make no mistake about that. And now that Bush is back in a bottle. I think the Lord's punishing him too, because the Lord works in mysterious ways. That's what the Franklin Graham said. Did you see that? You know, Billy Graham's kid. Why did they put these people on the air? What is wrong with these people? That's exactly why they put them on because they're outrageous. They're ridiculous. They say, ask and I think they can say everybody pissed off. That's what they put people like Robert Sedan and Franklin Graham. Oh, I'm proud. Well, who the hell cares what those people say? We're crazy. Then a bed bug. Oh, you and the baker's Jim and Tammy fail. You just have a nice atmosphere. Yeah, and don't forget to hand it to Paul Crotch. Boy, we're in a wrong business man. Tax free, baby. Tax free. Can you imagine the last 10, 15 years if we didn't have to pay any taxes? We wouldn't be sitting here right now, you're in, I know I wouldn't. No way. Oh, I would. Why is that? I wouldn't. Yeah, I wouldn't. You would be in Vegas right now, whatever. They have like a big, you have to like, mansion and vagus. And just plunging your guts out every day and living the life of a roly. That wouldn't be bad. Yeah. But we just have to keep sticking our nose to the grindstone and grinding it away. Well, listen, so that time's time for my first break already. So glad to help you through the first segment. Oh, yeah. Let's go to a noon is what I'm saying. And I'll put it up. I'll see you, my new. All right, and happy tissue bug don't forget. And to you. See you. Oh, the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time. With a number, I wrote the plantation tire. South University, John Plantation. Sounds out of repair. Northeast 12. North Miami. The baseball season is in full swing and with CC. Very good. Thank you very much for finding me. My thousand bucks of food is so I'm really having luck. As more than high deflice was charging me. So, if very much the FCC, for proving that free speech just isn't free. Virtual Newly. Clear channels, idea channel. So how it's done, musco. A totally general astronaut doesn't lie strong words and so. He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rightly mo. So happy once a very much. That's a full new, very much, dear Mr. Bush. Or if you're really crazy sitting on your toes. What Halle Burton and Ron all the companies of hell. The Lexan Aclistignal Amstick Martha straight in jail. She's an opportunity rich and rich. And it's a race here, isn't it? So happy once a very much. So you've taken the last to save me too. Thank you and see everything you do. Your pace may come as real faith. You haven't gone on long as far as I'm concerned. Your dear step is the face of all. And as for con believes the cheese and it's a like to toss. So feel also there, remember. So feel very much in the NBA. For giving all the last to the oil away. It really is a trouble. When I can't feel my trouble, the ozone. The no-goes are now the Donald's here to save. The new care in the game. I'm going to take left in LA. So feel also very much. So what the planet fails. Let's save the great white males. I'm so happy you also there. I said you sure they're going to be like fair vaccine crawling into this new full day, which we've done before, but it's so why not? What are our faulty towers? Okay. That's still if a WLTI do believe. I never watched it. I don't think it's more than worth it. It's okay. It was no money pipe. I don't think this is on my mind. You know what you see money pipes? I'm why do you want to see faulty? It was just fine. It was fine. It was one episode that was very funny because there were a lot of Nazi jokes going on. I'll see you. Well, speed of Nazi jokes and conducts. Oh, no. It's non-radical Muslim governments. It could be five minutes from the channel he wasn't on. He is a Nazi joke. 1015 and 560. Look at that 1015 already. It's almost time to go home. I'll be. I got that on the other side. George. Did Cheney told the press. He's a little bit ticked off that you didn't visit him in the hospital. The Cheney can **** us. Wow. Is there a problem between you two? I admit it that Cheney's in ****. So how do you really feel? Best of all. Cheney's best ****ed and a face in Muslim. Yes. Hey, it's been a divorce, myster. Go away. We got that thing back. Nice going there, Eric. You see it very big. Always wait down at the bottom of our website. And unfortunately, you'll have to look for it. Oh, we can move it. No, I think that's fine. A little human incentive to go from a top all right. Yeah, that's fine. Right above Pentagon strike, which you ought to be looking at that. And I was still working the Pentagon strike, which I'll show you. Click on it. I don't want to climb. I don't have time to click on it. But we got the thing from the Brit tabloid. They're the daily mirror I believe it is. Yes. And I think this is bigger, I think, than we had it before. It's just beautiful. Got a picture of your present on there. It is hand raised. How can 59,547,87 people be so dumb is what it asked. And they happen to be. Absolutely correct. And that needs to stay on our impromptuity, okay? It's just, see, not only does he need to be put in a way from the public, where we can all be safe. You know, like in a rubber room somewhere, and all the people who voted for him also need to be put in their own rubber rooms. But he need a lot of rubber rooms. The answer about that video is, it works. Good. Excellent. Pentagon strike. You ought to take a look at that. I like you start thinking about, hey, yeah. Yeah. Is he playing? What's he playing? Go, maybe you're very full of chances in there too. We just have them up here. We're going to be able to go in for these conspiracy. Wow. I'm telling you, some of you take a few. No, it's, it's just right. Where's that plane? Where's the plane? Speaking of the insanity of this group of fascist pigs that we have in here now, a suicide carbomming kill 10 more people and wounded eight others today near the Iraqi oil ministry in Bang. It's in the Bang, Dad. What are we saying? The good news coming from around. There isn't any. A red key of many bus exploded on the eastern side of the capital. A roadside bomb also killed the US soldier on patrol on a highway north Western Baghdad. The number of US troops killed in Iraq continues creeping up every single day. And now it's 1947, a year that will live in for me, but a very ugly number in terms of dead soldiers died for nothing. Absolutely nothing in Cindy Sheen is right. If one more dies, it's a crowd every time another one dies. It's a crime and there's blood on the hands of everybody who supports this crap. Including the Spineless Democrats who don't have the balls to stand up and say, Enough already, okay. Bring them all home. You know, put that bunch of ragheads in charge of it. Let them do their own thing. Okay. Let them. It's like these raindrops in the Palestinians. Okay. Let them kill each other. And if the Sunnis she is in the Kurds in the way. Who cares? Man. You have a people who put people for the American way in charge of it. Are the Kurds. 1761 votes on our police today. Most people follow religion because because they're pathetic because they don't have a brain to think for themselves. Because somebody filled their head with a lot of crap when they were like a little kid. And they never had the, they never had the timidity that balls the question it like, Hey, this sounds ridiculous to me. This all sounds like a bunch of bubble micees. Okay. That's what the Arabs say. Right. Most people follow religion because of brainwashing, 448 and man, you got your thumb right on it. Okay. The thumb right on that first page of Genesis. In the beginning, God created the air right. My ass, your mama. He made the stars also. You read the first page of Genesis. And after that, you forced that thing down the toilet. You've got to have a more on-road this crap. Fear of death, 437. Oh. We can miss need for a cross-386, which is right in line there with a fear of death thing. Oh, and it's got to be a heaven in the hell. And after we die, we're going to go to the poorly gates if we read real good. And if we don't touch ourselves. And we've got there and we're going to like praise God forever. Oh, God is good. God is going to be doing anything else. And there's no hell of a up there, but nevertheless, it'll be great. Now, I'm just saying you can have all the bananas splits you want up there. You're even with hog and nuts and Ben and Jerry's. And never getting an ounce. That's right. That's a good pull. My idea of heaven is, hey, you're on the side there for the week, unsure? All right, yeah, I'm going to work on that for tomorrow. All right, you see, I shouldn't have said that on here because then they'll be called. I don't read it out, they do. I don't care. Most people are sheep on 41. I was a late edition and I went zooming into the top four nicely. Most people are sheep. God forbid you should think for yourself. And ask questions, would my mother and father really line? I made the very same people to tell me about Sandy Claus and the two fairies used to put a dime on the pillow. Yeah, used to be a dime. Imagine today if you put a dime on the kids pillow, they throw a back edge. Stupidity 96, most people follow religion because they're stupid 96, like in common since 68 because they want to belong to a club, a social club 65. And many of these organizations, that's why they use go to show on high holidays, not because they're religious, not because they want to hear all that Hebrew mumbo jumbo from the good book. But because of the fact it's a social club and it must put it in appearance. Yeah, it's it's the good show. Oh, I showed up and troll on Rocher Shaw and your own kipper and I, we have a big deal. Yelp 60, Jewish guilt, Catholic guilt, all the guilt all the time. And they really believe in fairy tales 60. Almost 18 years old, it's very very sad. You don't need it. You shouldn't want it. Oh, but it gives me such tremendous comfort. Yeah, week, week sister, baby, week sister. There's nothing worse than being a week sister, sledge. There's electric that led to the goo onus. He is so illiterate that it's a scary thing. It's just for any time he pronounces a tries to stay a word with more than one syllable. He says it in such a pathetic way. Like, hey, look at me. I'm actually pronouncing a word with more than two letters in it. Like, if you. Okay, here's today's poll. The funniest TV show of all time. I know we did this before, Laura, you go and two bad. Okay. And this isn't one that I went back in the archives for somebody sitting in a bunch of really marginal, poor ideas, which we always thank everybody for the meven if they suck. And the rest of them were so bad I put this on. It's okay. What's the funniest TV show of all time? All in the family's 75 is the way he does. Signed, Phil, oh, I forgot about that. 158. I'm going to kill myself right now. Not to say anything, Laura, then. Right. Although we got that assistant suicide thing in the bush, sure, crowds as other is something wrong with that. Choose life. Choose life. And don't forget about Terry and her. She. Signed Phil 58. Money, Python, Flying Circus 49. South Park 36. Since in 36. The Homer Simpson I heard is. Homer Simpson. Fair family guy 21. Merid with children's 21. Tonight with Johnny Carson 21. She'll tell show 20. And it's not coming back. That's report from Josh. Jefferson's 15. Jackie, recently, she has had 12. O'clock. She is. He doesn't like to show. He just like saying it. Carol Burnett's show nine. Show a show with a sit. She's your five imaging. Coker. Don't forget her. Steve Allen's show five. That was my both. The old Steve Allen's show for us old fucking days. That was the best. That was the new night and Tom posted and done on. And they're now in. Why not? Latin. Three. We got a lot more forward. See, it has to be really old. Really old like me. The month's do's three. Everybody loves Raymond. Three. Oh my God. David Letterman. Three. The Suppy sales show two. I do. The Gung show one. And I'm here for the Adam Stanley. The Vernon Shirley happy days will be. Wich. Well, I'll be damned. You know, the Suppy sales show. And of course back then all the shows were live. Yeah. You know, I guess I totally have to say about how one of the male man was part of the show. They got to play the male man. We're coming to the door every day and Suppy would open to door. One day, they'd little stunt on Suppy and they had a naked broth standing on the other side of the door. Which obviously, he all hits didn't see what he did. That was that was the end of that show. He just went to pieces and just was great. He was good Suppy. He was a right. He was okay. Well, I wouldn't say a right. He was a right. We have caution. The 28-past 10 and not, I mean, not like I'll frank you in raising my f- Wow, who is? Who could be? I've been cancering. Yeah. I've been cancering. Oh, I've been cancering. She's a right on CBS. He's back from the net. It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family. Oh, you rookie dead. If you need John Jello, we. Yeah, we don't need such a crush. Now, whatever happened to my little girl. Who can't she? Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh? Maybe have a salad, once in a while. No, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal? Again, with a charity spiel on me. Well, it's true. Those, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey? You had for breakfast, and what a woman. Oh, my lord, I guess. Oh, she was pushing her legs. Oh, no, I don't want to. She's the last death of the South with all the bad trees. She seems so bad to me. But what was it that day, baby? Push the dead off and give me another beat. Oh, that's one of the family's real all in the family. Seven or nine on CBS. Rock to you, bud. I be at some carousel on school where you can learn auto mechanics. Get me, bud. Oh, that's right. You're so cool. I guess, uh, it's not my brother's. When she was on a church, he kept hearing R.C. say, eat it, eat it, and she could do it. Yeah. That's good. 26, we got a hundred five sixty. W.D.Q. and we got more Howard David in today to a clock. I mean, like that. I don't know. It's a little bit of a critical one's we got. Jim manages for it. No, you don't know you don't know. We don't know what. Geldy will be in today for the mad dog. And since it's silent, Curtis is in for the mad dog tomorrow. Well, what's that all about? I don't know. Don't tell me he's going to start screwing off now. We can't afford to be mad dogless. We're dogs. We're dogless for two days. That's bad. And I just got you a plan that great, uh, said we're going to agree with the mad dog. So you want to go about those two, man. We, we really got to appreciate the man that's, uh, tremendously. He wasn't kind of a pompous, but he wasn't a pompous answer. But not enough so that he would like ever had the audacity to try to put mad dog in his place. He doesn't want to be mad dog, which is what you should do. Okay, and who's tomorrow Curtis from, uh, four to seven? Look what I just wrote. See you R.I.S.T. We have to hear us tomorrow. Wow, I'm a little dyslexic today. So let's, uh, I'm sure we can get about a hundred more comedy shows on his full get about 50 Zillion votes. What do we got so far here? It's just barely after 10 30. We all got 456 has in Q for 56. What was that? Did you hear that? No. I've heard of a Q-range sound on his microphone. I found a spot. Maybe Joseph Gackie did that. Come to Q-A-N. Hello. Hello. I'm not a R.I.S. What are you doing? Come for the poll. Yes, sir. Uh, the Benny Hill show. Benny Hill, okay. Sure, we said Benny Hanale to do that. Benny Hill, thanks, Pally. Benny Hill, all the way. No Jack, Benny. We got you. Well, put Jack Benny on there? Nah, it's too old. That's saying, you know, we like put a life of Riley on there. Or Ozzie and Harriet, which wasn't funny at all. It was like, eh, eh, like that. All it was on here. Five, six, seven, how would we? We were five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six. Five, six, six, six. Five, six. You have to take a lot of calls today, man. I'm just full of a vinegar because I'm going on vacation after tomorrow. And George will be on all next week. And if you don't like it too bad, that's a new attitude. Okay. This business of wilds, yards that are ready. Yeah. We hope you like it. Okay. It's not too bad. Go away. Just a second. That crap. Like you've got. Yeah. Yeah. And then you've got a terminal boring day when you sit and wait and back for that damn, what's this new one called now this new storm? Oh, I forget. I lost track. Tammy. Tammy, you're way up there. You're part of another one. Hadn't noticed that Tammy's time. Now they're all over the place. But Tammy's the one I'm thinking about. It looks like going to be a lot of rain. I'll start later on today and through maybe into tomorrow and who knows when. More crap. So just sit back and it's free entertainment. Crank the way you up real out of heart. There are things you're vehicle open up the windows roll them down. Have the balls to crank it up real out. And say, hey, you see what I'm listening to? How do you like that? And people look at you and they'll go. You're fairy. How many QAN? Hello. I got one for your poll. Yes sir. The honey motor is Jackie Gleason. The Audrey Meadows and our attorney. Thank you sir. Thank you. The honey motor is. Well, yeah. Not to be confused with the Jackie Gleason show, which was Jackie Gleason, but a separate show. Right? Right. I think it's a loot knife. He's still dead by the way. How many QAN? Hello. Yes, sir. Get smart. Is that a show or a command? That's a show, my friend. Okay. I don't need to get him on. He just died, man. He just died. What a shame. Yep. Some people don't know about onions and dinnets. Another one is Jonathan Wintishill. Jonathan Wintishill. Jonathan Wintishill was a panic. He was very funny for about ten minutes. Okay. That's fine. Put where you're at. Jonathan Wintishill was very funny. He was, especially, right? I used to have a tape. Jonathan Wintishill doing a really dirty old joke about the some old farmer. And I was about some old lady on a farm somewhere. And the traveling salesman, I can't do it on the air because George's I was great. But there was Jonathan Wintish. And of course that was really funny because it was a very dirty joke. But nevertheless, he was good. Yeah. I've had you who I did not. I liked him for about two minutes. And then he became a parody of himself. Rich little. Oh, oh. Never. If you've never got on him again, it would be so much. You know, because he did the same like six impersonations. Oh, they all come to like the same person. Yeah. They all sounded like rich little. They all sounded like rich little doing like a fusion of Richard and for the job. I don't want to hear it's rich little doing anybody. Do any QA and hello. Anya, what's up? Are you doing safe? Great. Pretty good. No, hey. I got one for the poll. How are you doing? It's a new show called Little Britain. What is it? Little, little pregnant? Yeah, little Britain. Hey, and can you share much of class? Yeah. Can you put me that Brad the book of the Montaist thing in the talk? It's for me. Okay. Thank you. You know, I've got to talk about the old builds. Oh, the builds are going to really get bombed on Sunday. I just stop here to come massive dolphin between it. Well, I'm not like jumping on a bad wagon. I still can't stand the organization or the team or anything about them, and just for a lot of courses of joke, but nevertheless, League is watered down that maybe the key. Now, the panthers on the other hand. Nothing we want to do with more hockey talk that hangs right. Leave me down that path. But I, I told, I'm serious. They got a nice roster man. They going to they got a good organized. Well, there, between Jacques Martens, Jack Martin the Frog and Martin the Frog and team up there upstairs way upstairs They're doing a good job. They're gonna put a nice set team on a ice and along goes the best in league for my money and nice going Too bad at least that game last night in OT on the shoot out, but how's it going? They got to point what's the point? 482 votes on a pool the funniest TV show of all time and we can put every show on it We can even put shows like drag net. That was kind of funny. Yeah, I don't go put a time in Josh Don't worry You ever had drag net do you do you know no jacket Jack web from the wicked web? No, you're right about that chart. Well, I don't know how about the movie drag net Yeah, even if he was in the episode It was any more in the net or was he on the show first it was Ben who's that big fat guy Ben that was with Jack web under I'm a very important Ben Alexander all right, and then Harry Morgan which I couldn't say Harry Morgan was another one He was like a stereotype of himself. He always played that same kind of like sarcastic out of right And then we just the way he looked, but he's always seemed to play a Harry Morgan right you know I mean there's some people who always with yesterday's brutality I think I like him. He always says that same during the headlights These little bits super He's like a stupor. They don't come no more stupor than your president. He is just pathetic tragic no wonder the rest of the world this fizes yesterday I happen to be Round town and I see under a overpass You know how the kids record feedy and stuff and it was in big letters f bush only didn't say f and had the word on it I thought I thought to myself yeah You know the rest of the world. I don't know him man. How come America so slow how come half America like that thing says how can 59 million Americans be so dumb The dumb man we Tarded this is what this is what you call a leader This is a man who lies in sacrifices human life and says choose life and is a fetus hunger What are I want to tell you about those people? They're crazy people the fetus They're obsessed with but once you're out of the womb, baby, you're on your own and if we have a chance We'll sacrifice your life so that we can make some brownie points. Oh, he's a brownie and this Harriet Myers man Don't let anybody fully it went when the stuff is it's starting to seep out real big time now It's seep and out and there's nothing worse than seeping by the way fat people know that seeping is very bad We're uncomfortable and so this stuff comes out. I don't think she's gonna confirm I think she was here. They're gonna find out that she's a real real Nazi and even the similar Republicans all for them. They're gonna say we don't think so. This is a nut nut What we hit in mind? 18 to 11 and five 60 W Q a m on a great Thursday the panthers are one and it's what more could you want? 5,000 mtc stats that is pathetic. I understand that was a laborer lifetime and have been really They give me a lot of crap at him, but Jesus you think I'd open it. I just do you for you And they're Canada center last time and they had a tailgate party for a hockey game here They're last in for four hours before the game. How do you like that? If there's a butt I smell it 4 I Get over that you said that I He's got a lot of noise that don't about me that way I don't give a crap point at very nice to say If he was a person who thinks I know what I'm talking about I've been voting at the time though. I can tell I've been down I'm not my way to the crowd when I'm on my phone. I call you back in the house. I give a free condo 100 Oh, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire It is the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story has power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is a fire can power, the story is faster, It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. See, if anybody shocked at Maydogg is not under the in tomorrow, let me just give you the idea. Do you know, playing in a picture all we want about this place, but the fact that it matters, there is one good thing that is there's so, there are oblivious. So, we sure have whatever we feel like it. That's pretty much the kind of sea joy smile that is to sign those ridiculous contracts that nobody did or would. But we have our own deal that we just kind of like made up as we went along. I'm the one that was the originator. Everybody said that's a good idea. Just show off when you feel like it. You want to take a couple of days off, go ahead. It's like that handgun thing. Somebody pisses you off. I'm going to call in lazy. Now wait till Josh hears this story. And thanks whoever facts that and gave me the heads up on this because I had no idea. This is shocking. What story this is about? I'm going to be so important to it. No you're not. CBS and George Clooney are planning a live remake of Network. I'm a man of Hell's Hall of Nutrition, Disney World. Billy Trasky's Critic, a quickly acclaimed skating setter of the television industry. And which the Networks news division encourages an anchor and aging anchor to Rave Madly on the Earth for the sake of beer ratings. Howard Veal. I'm a man of Hell's Hall of Nutrition, Disney World. It says, I know, but in 1976, isn't the Washington Post. This is what was considered shocking and outrageous. A second is a CBS, we're taken by surprise when Clooney leaked word of the project. We developed for next fall to the A&P while promoting a slick good night and good luck. The Edward R. I got to see that. It's possible. We're very, very good. I want to see it, too. Ironically, that's what details. How in the 50 CBS Newsman Edward R. Murrow defied corporate advertising pressured where it's supposed to scare among where you've said it to Joseph McCarthy and the House Un-American activities come in this switch on. Hey, Joe McCarthy. You're fairy. Contact the yesterday, CBS spokesman told the TV come that they networked redo is in the worst, but they're sure on details at the survey stage when he heard the Clooney leak he said. It's not the first time Clooney's done live TV movie for CBS five years ago, but he executive producer and co-starred and lively make for CBS for the 64-Code Warflic Fale Save, in which a squadron of US bombers is mistakenly sent to Nuke Moscow. Nearly 16 million viewers watched CBS live, black and white production, which boasts a heavyweight cast that included Richard Dryfus as Pottis, Brian Denny, Sam Elliott, James Crumwell, Harvey Cytel and Don Chieval. Why what if he's kind to uh, bowed needle? I think they're close. Clooney and CBS CEO Leslie Moon vets go way back and midnight he's when Clooney was considered something of a show killer. People in the TV industry are notoriously superstitioned and in fact, it works on a lot of the series that fail. He or she can find himself a herself branded a show killer like Paula Marshall. Moon vets went ahead and cast and played lead role in little series of the bell called ER. These days whenever anyone writes about Travis Kees flick, which one several Oscars Josh including best screenplay, the word Preciant is always attached. Preciant. Remember the Precients that were responsible for WWE-W1? Yeah. Long time news anchor Howard Beale. Pyrrhyme is mad as hell, but it's just been a mistake. We're not being played by a Peter French who's twirling at the lowest rated evening newscast. He's given two weeks notice and that night on evening news tells viewers how come it's suicide on the year on his final broadcast. He's effectively keen, but the network has persuaded let him apologize on the year next night and go out with dignity. Instead, he rants again and the ratings go through the roof. He says bullshit on the year. Then I work encouraged by an ambitious young executive, paid done away, gives him his own nightly segment and builds him as the mad prophet of the airways. What's wrong with the mad prophet, Randi, about the apococies of our times? Angry prophet. I beg your pardon. Well, would you like to be an angry prophet, Randi, about the yeah, what's wrong with the? The ratings are so, after to apprentice and first to then begin the lag, the network decides to remember of a terrorist organization who was assassinated on the year. Cloney told the ap that when he screamed to film for a group of young people, none of them recognized that it was it, oh, here we go. This is the best. Here we go boys and girls. This is the problem Josh Cortis. Cloney told people, the ap that when he screamed to film for a group of young people, none of them recognized it was in our center. I couldn't understand that I realized that everything just he wrote about happened and so suddenly the idea that the anchor is more important than the news story and that you'd be doing sort of reality based shows all happened, Cloney said. And when you have a great speech that great speech with an advadi is similar to corporation trying to take over the network sitting there going, there is no US. There is no Soviet Union as only Zerach 9VM. You realize all of those things were true or came true. There are no Russians. There are no, I was that that was a good story. I had to do that. I had that whole, I thought I did a mediocre, fair job of reading it. Not like an advadi. Roy in the film and Bill is told he skews to old. He and news division had Max Schumacher play by William Holden get franketed a bar and Bill jokes he'll kill himself on the news the next night. Schumacher, you get a hell of a rating. I guarantee you a 50 share easy. We could make a series out of it. Suicide of the week. Oh, help by the men ourselves execution of the week. The old terrorists of the week. Schumacher, I love it. Suicide. The assassination mad bomber is mafia hitman. Automobile smashups. The death hour. A great Sunday night show for the whole family. The news is a great Sunday night show for the whole family. I don't know if he does any run off the air. Yeah. Seriously anybody who doesn't like that movie has needs to work on their life. That's all I can tell you, Josh. You need to work on your life a little bit. Thanks. I'm just telling you right now, that's all I mean. You know, man, anyway, that's exciting news. That's going to bring that back. I will say this. It's one of those things they will never duplicate. You know, who be? What's that? It's like it'll be. I try to redo the time. The next day. I would go back to my father. So that I hear you say that fail safe was broadcast live. Really? Really? That's what it's got. I wonder if it's out on DVD. Well, there's probably one pretty good way to find out. Well, it's a real quick way to find out. That is to go on your Amazon.com right now. And do a little Google Googling it when it doubts check that out. 526 votes. It's not even a lot of talking. What's going on here boys and girls. This is going to really frost that Joel show. Too bad Joel and by the way we would do anything to hurt you. We would like right over your foot. We'd like a stick, a rolled piece of gum on your armpit. That's right. Maybe even do that. You're in the way. Anything because you would do anything to hurt you and your crew. It's like your words. We like a lot. Anybody else over there would like no. Zach. And Zach, oh Zach, crant. Oh, don't don't don't don't don't. Yeah. Now this line nine. If this is the same from yesterday, you know. Oh, well they go. They just disappeared. Oh, how's the vein? Do you want to do it? Yeah. Hi. Pretty good. Oh, Paul. You're going to see Illinois is in Champaign. Yes sir. Home of the University Illinois. Mom, so sorry man. You got zooked. But hey, it's cold already here, bro. Is it really? Oh God. The best thing inside that's cold already. Well better you than me. Son of Sean and Toronto, maybe it's our 70 years seven. Nice. The nine. Man, I'm interested to the police with. Please go right in. Keep me in the sharky. Thanks for that. Okay. What do you say? He said thanks to them nuts. No, before that. Oh, I don't know. No. 567. I was saying, oh, I had a look at that. Look at this QAM hello. Yes sir. The police. Saturday night live. Saturday night live. I'll go to the Saturday night. So we have this. It's a little off of it. Especially when Tom Brady hosted it. s W d Q a and hello. W d Q a and hello. Two am. Got shot all weekend. And a lot of dead. W d Q a and hello. Hey, and the are you doing? Pretty good. I got one for the four. Okay. You're living color. So in living color that was on for about two or five minutes. Yes, the way is. Roll it. Okay. All right. Jim. Hey. How many of you friends? Jim Carrey also. Very good. Very good stuff. Yeah, it was about five minutes. It was a funny show. Yeah, about five year. That's good. It seemed like it was a certain night 531 votes. What do we got here now? The funniest TV show all time all in the family 86 signfeld 74 you must be crazy. Oh my god. That's the same wrong with that being crazy Yeah, he gives me spilthe's man. I just can't stand him. Huh? Mighty Python flying surface 60. That's pretty good for sure that was on PBS. You know South Park 47 the Simpsons 46 family guys got Shappelle show 29 married with children 26 the tonight's over Johnny Carson here is Johnny 24 Oh, and we're the hell that I have that story about him in drugs I think that was in one being choir is done. You got it on the ear. Huh? You mean besides the story that you read previously about it? Yeah. Wow Jackie Gleason show 16 cheers 16 Jefferson 16 were moving on up though Carol Burnett's show 10 family Fulfi towers nine gone show six that the CIA assassin took various show shows with six These are six everybody loves Raymond six Steve Allen so five life and four the monsters four David Letterman four Supercell show three I dream in Jeannie three the honey mooners pair one for say that live Sanford and son I love Lucy Lucy Jonathan winter show ST TV Benny Hill show which you're sneaking some on that I haven't even mentioned which is good ST TV was great especially the very comal thing in bed Get smart in living color animals family the very and truly happy to be which you've all got so far the big oh This is the real Roger show So Finally and I so I'll leave you here on the G.O.C. A lady deep without me just to see you And now he's gone a face of friends y'all ring Back to your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe To your sister's shoe It's 1102 at 560 WQAM. 500, how many votes in that first hour that is shocking to me, 570, 8, 570, that's great. In the sunshine state, aren't you amazed? Shot. We're making some serious progress here as well we're doing. Alzheimer's patient wanders off, found our baby shot and raped it. This is one of the sickest stories I've ever read in my life. See, this is my new thinking especially with a new Florida law. As long as the governor and legislator decided it's okay to go and kill people, people like this, if we find the, which should we probably will never find this person, but if we ever did, just a long way in drag their body off and throw an addiction or an in a dumpster. Or he'll get in nails here. Like it wants to find a time in America, you know, those garbage trucks that grind all the stuff up, just toss it in there. Just grind it up. In 85 year old Alzheimer's patient who wanted to wait for more homeless found less than an hour later, raped and shot on Hammondville Road in Pompano Beach. Rape and shot. I don't know that we've ever seen a worst case BS. Oh, spokesman Jim Leigh it all said, we've had cases of elderly women raped before and cases of the murdered, but this is about as bad as it gets. The woman's daughter helped her get dressed about 5 o'clock Monday morning with the home they share the daughter went to another room for a few minutes and when she came back, she found that her mother, who suffers from adult dementia, had gone outside. When she couldn't find her mother, she called 9, 11, about 5, 30 in a morning. About 6 o'clock, a deputy patrolling outside the North Broward Detention Center, found the woman lying on the sidewalk on the 3,000 block of Hammondville Road. She was fully clothed, but at a gunshot, when we were a pelvic area in a broken leg, a hospital exam pilot she'd been sexually assaulted. Oh, my God. The woman is recovering in a hospital after surgery, and wants to go home later, all said, she doesn't remember the attack at least at this point, so we don't know exactly when it occurred to her where, anybody with information should call the BSO at 9, 5, 4, 7, 8, 6, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 9, 3, tips. That is just as sick as it gets. Pretty good. There's just too much slime walking around the world. I'm starting to agree with these gunnuts. I just tell them, this one way. That's all. There's more of us than there are that. That's right. Let's go and get them. Well, I'm not so sure about that part. We'll see when the dust settles. That's right. When the dust goes to the surrounding baby, you slime balls, you may need to use you lunatics. But of course, we have to make way in those prisons for those hardened drug dealers. How's that Anthony kid doing that? 20 year old kid that was they had the scale, you know? He had that little pot scale. We'll see him no more. He's still then. But the good news is he still get weed in South Florida. Oh, five 60. He was a drug dealer. That's good of all of this. Let's put him away. Let's take up all the jail cells. Let's start the rapist and the murderers and the R, the arsonist. Let's put them all in the streets and let's put the little old ladies and tennis shoes out there that had like a pinjo in their ass tray. Yeah. And the punks, of course. Any punk, which means in Florida, anybody in the early age of 90. WQA and. Hey, brother, what's going on? How you doing, pal? Yeah, my throw for you. Hey, no. What is the importance of getting to over a thousand votes on the poll? Absolutely none. I'll make way. Wait. Yeah. We make a lot more money than it. Do you believe me? No. By the way, now work, who do want to remake a piece of crab like that? Yeah, right. And you have one. That tells me where you're coming from. I'm not one of the thing. I don't have time for morons. Okay. Will in grace we just had that spot on there. Yes, we'll have to put that on for somebody to vote for. One show I will not put on that pool. And that is that 70 show because anybody who would vote for that 70 show. Obviously, is not the deserve to be on on a face of the planet. Is there any argument about the no. And that's some potential like in the first season. Yeah, you know, it used to be okay. Okay. Let's go. No, go ahead. No, no, no. It's not a big sense. You got married to a demeanour now in X and P.C. And that little Lafagadilla Julio that's on there. Very, very big. That's 70 show. I got a news for a man. If my life had a consistent watching that show a lot, I would just do it on a thing. Honest is to decide. 70 Q a m. Hello. I'm so lucky to be first. Yes, sir. Hey, Dad, I want to put a phone on. Okay. So. So, so, so. Okay, thanks. So, remember so? Yes, I did. I prefer body wash myself. Is there anybody left to use in soap, by the way? That would be sad if there was. You know, now you go into your drugstore, super market, wherever you buy your toiletries. And there's like 85,000 different brands of body wash. There's a radius and there's like all these real macho kind. And there's even old spice, which nobody with a brain would use that. But this is a lever and. You need a dial and no, you lever should have done long time ago. And coast and most and toast toasties. It's just incredible. You know, my only complaint that I had was, you know, the bottle gets all slippery when you want to apply more and everything. No, the bottom now. You see, first of all, you don't need to. You know, I bought a dispenser. And so now it's just. What, as much as I want. Just, you don't know how to do a man. You just, yeah, it's really sad that I have to need these people. I have to take a shower. I'm not going to get one of those, uh, scruffies. No, no, no, no, no. Why not, scrungy. No, you're wasted like 90 percent of the soap. Oh, baby. Listen, I don't care. Listen to me. Now, you get this scrungy and you put a, you hear, you learn how to put on it. And that's it. And then you close the thing up again. You snap the thing close. You put it where we're on the, uh, wherever you're hired. You have to try. And then, uh, if you have enough on your scrungy, that takes your whole body. All right, even including your, you're everywhere. I'm telling you, that's the way to do it. You know, I got to do it. I've got to do it. I've got to do it. You know, I've got to do it. You know, I've got to do it. I've got to do it. I've got to do it. Oh, okay. Like I'm going that way either. Whatever. WC, you know, I am, hello. You can pick up the crick-stair, play the old brain cock from there. No. W2AM, hello. Uh, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, can you play on Buffalo Bill with Priscilla Lotion and the basket? No. W2AM, hello. Hey, yes, sir. Hey, you a couple for the poll. Um, the Oleg, the Oleg, the Oleg, the Oleg, show on the ice, the Oleg, Yeah. And that curb, your enthusiasm. Turn me around. So as soon as you as in, is that an order or a show? I know. Thanks. Sorry. That's not ever given order like that again. Whatever you do. All right. 560, 50560 pound, 50 on the floor. I was supposed to play that Phil Henry thing. Go ahead and check it. Don't forget. Because the Buffalo Bill suck and Buffalo Lotion, I don't want to go through it again. What's the point? Buffalo is just such a horrible, awful place. Anybody that would ever take it at Buffalo is a fine city and a great place to live. They're full of it, man. They're crazy people. They also need to be locked up. See, all the same people are locked up in the crazy people are walking around loose on the outside. Somebody QA in. Hello. Yes. Get them. For the ball? Yes, sir. They are got your Marshall. Grouchell marks. You bet your life, man. Right. I mean, he was always... But what would all the Grouchell marks are? It was called you big life. Okay. Grouchell marks seem for the however you want. Actually, it wasn't a comedy show. It was a quiz show, but it was the idea. It was a fun quiz show. It was just a fun quiz show. It was a fun but Grouchell to be funny. The first one was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. And it was a fun quiz show. I think it was a fun quiz show. Since the book above 1 3 crazy clip will be done with an Friday event. Former winner of World champion season with D  is one alper methyligody because he is really in our defense, rock, rock according to the diagnostic test. There is nothing underneath my mantis inside my chest. All right, is it about that? It's about 10, 10, 10 in my knees are popping, rock, that means heart attacks. My lips are blue from the name of my touch. That mentally sorry position. I'm going to rock, rock, rock, rock. 1121, here's a fact from Rick, who says, a show that still makes me pooped my pants laughing every time and my scene is, are you being served? Okay, they show it on channel 2 or on the BBC cable channel on cable. Are you being served? Have you ever heard of that? Yeah, and I've tried watching it like I'd say three times because normally those Brit comedies are okay, like Paul Meower and the Money Python, not really. Well, the case of, are you being served? Let's just say I don't get it, any part of it, any minute. It's kind of like Kajashan network, he doesn't get it. Yeah, it must be going over my head, that show. Rick says, how about Benson was Robert Geol for your full. Benson. Oh, dad. Benson, it's about Benson. Old show, never heard of it. It was on for a while. It was been some time. Yeah. 650 one, folks, are you shwitting me boys and girls? Holy moly, rat man. We're going to make a fortune today. And if you believe that, you'll believe this story. This could be the most ridiculous story in history. Let the couch jumping begin, it says, Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes are expecting a baby. And everybody in the world's immediate first responses, who's the daddy? Who's your daddy? Yeah. Home experience it was reported Wednesday by people magazine, a couple of and dating since April and became engaged in June. Right. Tom and Katie are very excited. And the entire family is very excited. Lee and Devette cruises spokeswoman told people. I wonder what she does for the Scientologist. It would be Thomas first child cruises Tuchil, and Connor 10 is available 12 from his marriage to Nicole Kibbin. They were adopted. Am I correct about them? Yes, you are. So that would be his first child. Assuming no, that's actually it. There is, there is as much chance that this will be his child is those kids, our Michael Jackson shows. But we're considering the turkey. Oh, is there other thing with, I was talking about, I have seen this morning with had that round table with these various things. And Charles Nelson, Riley was doing a whole show of sitting in Dom D'Elvis, is that? Yes. Isn't it ironic that one of the other people on that panel there was Bert Reynolds? Oh, you didn't mention that. In fact, I think it will be deliverance when they did the casting. They finally had Ned Babybe to laugh and would say, got raped in it because they said, Bert might enjoy it. I mean, Bert, are you really, are you fooling anybody? Bert, is he, is there anybody, come on, Bert? Although we did like Bert and Jackson. Especially Mr. Freebie used to like it because he used to get freebies there all the time. What if, that's another piece of fall off from 9-11. Another casualty was Bert and Jackson. They had a great peppercorn trough. So you put like on your posse and stick a paw hop. Right. No further details available to Vendedon at home is 26. It's never felt better. Well, I mean, it were felt worse. So how can you tell? Cruise 43 is now shooting mission impossible three. Oh my God. Oh, brother. You lose time, it proves the angel and nobody will go and marry. Have you heard? Mario does all those paternity test shows. Oh, does he really want to see what's in the envelope? More he put the case still on the ear. Oh my God. I have an 98th birthday by the way. More in-house kind of chink-thuan. Still not pregnant. 668 votes. What's the funniest TV show all time? All in the family 101. Sign failed 95. I might have to get some of these themes out. Okay, just that one. Which one? The one that goes. Uh, no, no, no. I got it. Here's somewhere. Oh, no. I have to find that disc. You know, you know, the one where you got it. You know, you know, you're trying to have to look for it now. I don't have it. I don't have it. I got it. Well, I'll be there. Can't find it. Uh, I'm a Jared. Got it. I got it. All right. By the way, somebody won the $166,000 jackpot of the $1,000. We owe a fortune of slotted wood by my wife's wife. Yeah. It wasn't me. Oh, three, three machines away, mine. It was a good machine. Now, what am I looking for? I'm looking for all the payroll and the family. Uh, the reason that this is better than the family. Uh, the reason that this is better than the family. Just playing the regular one is because it's got something in the beginning. Which, again, my Alzheimer's, who wants to be from remember what it was. Uh, where the little little little little little little condontary by the. Oh, this is a two disc thing. It had to be on the first disc because I do believe that's the one I just stuck in there. I stuck it. Low and Ranger. How do you do? That was a really funny show. You're hit parade. Uh, the honey moorers. Uh, early co-vac show. How about the early co-vac show? Let's put that on it. It won't be anywhere. Remember, it may be book a brow vote for it. Just for all time sake. I cannot believe that I can't find all in the family. I'm here. Maybe it's not on this thing. Uh-oh. I'm positive. It's on here. How about if I just read order and you want it on a wide can't find it because it's on the second disc and the very last cut. Don't you hate that? I do. It's like, no, it's just like when you're looking through a stack of crap and you try to find something in the very last thing. It's always a little last place you look. It should be like a hundred pieces of paper and you're like, leafing through Friendly trying to find something. And the very stick at last one, there it is. That's just, even the Pope. You're hoping to have you about that. You know, the Nazi Pope or the BDIs? Yeah. That one, Cardinal Notzinger. And what I want to clone do, I'll pick out all those young alterboys for the future. He is the devil. Hello, I'm Carol O'Kana. To close the album, our own song. We dedicated to you then, and to you now. Now we're young fresh. We listen to me which change. Oh, you're a big landlord, we're not playing. So, let's end our hands for a break. And I like me we've had a break. Close the day. The good old world trips straight. And we find a world we play. We are almost now right, right. Close the day. And we do what you like. Close the doors and then we'll learn. We listen to me which change. We sing to me, can't we? If we don't praise the rent, break stubbornness, sing to me. We don't praise me. We don't want the torture to win. And if thou my dad can't take the torture, we'll learn the rap thing. And we show it as thanks for long. Case with me every soul that's all. I don't know just one more more. No one ever. This is new rubbish. This is 5.62. Y'all! When was that girl on the same day? She's dead and he gave it to me. And last someone. When my demons says I do, just like she and I do, just like who may want. Last someone. When mother tell me, show your sins I shall be in a closer report. Last someone. When poor key love is bad, and the thing we have is old. Last someone. To believe we both want to be lost. To make men still not wrong. This is so bad for a constant threat. To make words of faith. To say our friendship is our honor. No! 232.28 till noon at 5.60. That's all in the family thing. I don't think you'll hear that any place else in the history of the human race. Nope. On a face of the globe. Ednahas got a really good come on. I got a really good voice to America. I know better. Too long. Much too long. But I just didn't realize it. I should've definitely be on the website today. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I'm sure you'll see. I don't give a shmit about this pool. And then he says, hey, sometimes it happens. You might be surprised. There was every election had a nothing above line. Why would we put none of the above on a pool about how many children? Do you see what we're saying? Yeah. Because he's a sour person. That's why it's nice. That almost threw it away. No, no, John. We get a lot like that. Man, you are in a perfect spot. Fort Myers. I hope you and the beeslies and Fort Myers and Aples have a wonderful line together. It's a mass-made in purgatory. Perfect spot for you. Now this story. This should go to show you. If there's anybody who thinks I'm exaggerating, when we keep losing more and more of our rights, you see, once you start losing the first ones, it doesn't stop there. Right. It's domino theft. It's a fast domino effect in New Orleans. It just doesn't stop. And a public just hits factory. Just like that pulvered in the estate. Just like sheep. And well, what can we do? You know, you're bringing her hands. Or most of them don't even give her crap. They're busy watching that 70 show. Or everybody loves Raymond. Seriously. They just know words to describe how bad this stuff is. You know? But anyway. Or a gunwoman kicked off light and renal over an offensive shirt. A Portland woman's flight home was stopped short and renal. All because the message on the t-shirt she was wearing. Lori easily. I wonder she's kind of the beast. I sure hope not for her sake. She's got no problems. Lori easily claims it's a freedom of speech privilege. But airline officials say the message brings safety concerns. And you know what we care about in America. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Safety. I say. He's like says there are bigger problems in the country. I can't believe people can be so petty. Tom. He's a boarded or flight. Tuesday morning in LA headed for Portland, Oregon with a stop over in Reno. But when Southwest Airlines employees answered to cover her shirt, her stop over became a stop off her flight. I was told basically that I had to cover my shirt. I was told if I covered the shirt I can basically stay on the plane. So she covered the shirt. But during a nap while passengers were boarding in Reno, the cover came off. And Southwest employees insisted change the shirt or change flights. I didn't feel that I should have to change my shirt because we live in the United States and Sweden. The space it was based on the movie The Fockers. And I didn't think it should have offended anyone. But it did. There are a whole bunch of people out there. I'd say about 30 percent. I'm American public who lived just to be offended. It just waiting to be offended. Look around. The shirt had pictures of members of the Bush administration and a phrase based on the movie Meet The Fockers. But with one crucial vowel change. Oh, that couldn't have been the. Oh, put it. I love that. I wish I had one of those shirts. Meet The Fockers. With the. Let's see where you can order it. It was enough to cause complaints from other past news units. It's a problem the airline has had to deal with before. Ben Harbin Southwest Airlines said we do get it occasionally. What someone is wearing with someone is reading. Oh, oh, listen to this. All right. You know, I never fly to airline because I don't like taking 16 different flights to get from like my Meet Orlando. But I guarantee I would never subsidize them with a dime. This attitude is so obnoxious when what someone is wearing what someone is reading and what someone is saying and very much a judgment call. But one other customers become concerned. We do have to become involved and see what we can do to make everyone comfortable as we can. What people might be saying or reading or wearing or thinking. How about you're on a flight with a who-side shaco like they're great on a ton. Yeah, or a turban. Well, and while Southwest may have kept the peace on its afternoon hot to Portland, a woman not afraid to use your freedom of speech will not be using your freedom of choice. I am most likely will not be flying Southwest Airlines again after this she said Southwest Airlines. Southwest Airlines told he's least he can take a different flight almost she changed or assured she refused not to do a car and drive home. Come read with a phone and you go honey. You go. Good. Golly Miss Milder. That's pathetic. I just got your reading that and I still I came believe it. Well, remember they hated for a freedom. Meet their fuckers with a you instead of an old instead of a. And a picture of bushers and I see waging. At least didn't have like a swastag on it that we know of and probably should have had it on the back. She's this kid Christ man. So what can try to tell you not that any if you care obviously because you know you're oblivious Newton John. What we care about is getting to that thousand votes by two. That's how we care about getting paid and getting to a thousand votes. And making sure the audio ball keeps percolating away. Get them spots on right. Right. So far, but we don't have any. By the way, Joel Fyngard, I think is like doing a dollar a hour over there because he do anything to her bus. Seven hundred and seventeen votes on I pull and by the way, you people on the euro, but they're on a ticket. To be repensional now, you can rip each other and ask, you can call each other any name and several of an event in the make up to new ones. You've elabasted, but don't you be repenmedist with over there because he and playing that game like we do here on two am. Two games he's not playing that game and the ratings game because you don't have any. Seven hundred and seventeen votes. The funniest TV show of all time all on a family one or six sign felt one or four five. That you really believe that was huge. And it's day. You know that. I'm going to point out, I know it. Well, I do not everybody. What about the answer? Somebody you are. What about man? I'll let's put it on there. That was you. That was scouro. I'm going to get there. Another shot couldn't record. It started out. Okay. And then got all preachy and, you know, all the jimmy hot air. Have a big proboscus. Oh, was there ever a movie? Oh, the family one was six sign felt one or five. Money patent, flying service service, 70. The Simpsons 50 seven south park 55. Shepel show 39. Family guy 36 married with children's 31. Tonight show with Johnny Carson here is Johnny 25. Cheers 21. Falky tower's 19. The Jackie Gleason show of 17. Jefferson 17. Could be more than that. Jefferson's great. Yes. Uh, huh. I get a little crazy just thinking about it. We. Therobornet show 12. Saturday at live SNL 9. Sanford and son 7. The Honeymooners 7. Benny Hill show 7. Many honoured don't have any. The gong show with that the CIA assassin Chuck and bearer 7. Steve Allen show 7 and little cover six laughing six with already Johnson and rolling in Martin and a whole bunch of people. Uh, what was your name? The one that I can't stand. What would have crazy last on laughing? Yeah. Philist Miller. Now a big black here. Uh, what was your name? I will come to me. Look at doing Google. I don't know if you're talking about and I can't think of it. Come on, Brian. You know who we're talking about. She's not funny. What was it? What was it? Who? It wasn't funny. Something wasn't. Oh, you're taking a funny fly. And I don't know. Show a show. The C26. Everybody was Raymond 6. I love loosely five. That was Square and Steam Song. The monsters five David Littman five S.C. TV three. To be much hired now. Suppy sales show three. I do with G.D. 3 or any co-bactual pair. Kirby and Phu's he has him to soap too. Don't drop it. 70 show two. Uh, get smart to arrest development one. Uh, Dali Dali G. show. What is that? Dali G. It's an HBO show. Oh, and it's not the do. No, I got that. It's just it all. Will in Grace one. Very hard man. Very hard man. From PBS. Remember that? Yes. It did. Southam, under show one. And none yet for match. Benson, are you being served? You bet your life. Grouch remarks. The Adam's family. Laverton, squirly thank God. Schmandrich, Lamazel, Sumil. Happy days, none. And be which. Enough about time. This is Neal Rogers. This is by 16. Jesus. What is it? It says it's a pensive choice for a power for Christ. God, Father, God, Father, God. I'm not a pho. I'm begging. Ah. Remember yesterday we came to the original name Josh for the Yantzah Center. Was the National Cartel? I don't know. I actually knew that. I just didn't chime in with it. I see. What do you mean it in chime in with you? I said you couldn't remember it. Well, I actually remembered later. But no, we're later. Well, when you sit on the throne, that's not the time. And yes, we never joined Warley during Warley from life. Yeah. She used to be on a lot of a team show. Very, very. See, the only problem we can do a pull on your favorite. I think maybe long, long time ago, about 80 years ago we did a pull on your favorite game show, panellist, oh, panellist. Yeah. Not your favorite game show. We've done that. But that would require real ancient farts like me and Boca Brian and the Hank. Yeah. Because there are no games shows anymore. Really? Other than prices right. There are not too much to game show channel. You're Adam and you don't watch the game show channel. I watch reruns of match games. Oh, match games great. I try not to miss it, right? In fact, you can see as it evolved, you can see Richard Dawson's ego becoming out of control. Yes. And if anybody chose him, the winner of the show will be a success out there. If anybody chose somebody other than Richard, you could see the exasperated, Disappointed wounded puppy look on Richard's face. They still do it for me. Well, I don't understand. And by the way, have another beer, Richard. Okay. Have another pop. Okay. Somebody says the funniest TV show of all time and you must be justing. Everyone at 16th season, America's funny is told videos. Fair. But put that on there immediately. Okay. Now that's not the one with Bob Fag, a sag at is it? I don't know there's so many. Like, be yeah. And then I'm not going to be the stuff about mode. Just a bunch of gratuitous stuff here. Rooking my good buddy mode. Go, go, go, go, go. But it does say, did you hear Gowdy on a video play by play? No, actually I didn't even think to come in here and pop it up. He sounded good. Very good as a matter of fact. Almost a good stand is market. I told you it was going to be good down. And I said that continuously constantly. Yes. Have I? Yes you did. Yes I have. All along. Because I knew he was going to do an excellent job. And certainly a huge improvement over both Chris Moron and that old buddy, Dougie, Juggs McDonald. Hey, Juggs, you know, he may be a decent guy or whatever. I don't know. But you were. In fact, we got the NHL channel here in the Charlie's old games. We got a whole bunch of channels that show old hockey games because these people are a secreted. And even even old Islander games when they show on there, which Juggs McDonald, other games I watched. He was the same, you know, Juggs, you know, you're legend in your own mind. Funny, Dougie. But nevertheless, Gowdy is going to be a superstar. I think he and the bookstore are going to be the south of the sports stars. The future. What do you say, Josh? Yeah, that's about right. It's not very enthusiastic about that. Well, I'd have to hear Goldie. Man, now can we have an A-Sparry for it so that this one, because I'm not taking any calls probably, I'm busy rambling on. Why I like rambling on? Greg and Seabream says, I'm a 52 year fanatic of Malcolm in the middle. So we get a Marcus funny stone videos and Malcolm in the middle. He says, I knew a lot of kids when growing up had parents just like Hal and Lois. I see. I wonder if anybody had parents like Archie and Edith. Let's see. Here it is. This is the one I went to the pool from Eric and Jupiter. What were getting polls, uh, facts is from all over the place, man, from Jupiter to Uranus. The daily show with John Stewart. How can we plus that off? We got the Shappelle show one. What can we talk about it earlier? Well, how can we left it off? It's on this side. It's going to go zooming toward the top. It might even pass that jackass Jerry Seinfeld. That's who was in first place. I would once, 16 in Val and a family one away. I think we're getting a freak on that. I'm not buying that. I know it was huge and very popular in the audio. I don't care. I mean, the idea that it could be all in the family. That must be a mash. See that? I already got a vote. It's moving up fast. It got one. It's zooming up there, man. Or wait to hear this. This is a heartwarming story. Of course, we're pretty pissed off. It didn't happen to us. Not the hurricane part. But Jack will ensure him. He hadn't had much luck since Hurricane Katrina said he was fleeing from her in the world in some. But that changed on Tuesday when the money came flooding instead of the water. The 57 year old retired library in one $1.6 million plane the slot machine and a van to line down as an opalicious Louisiana. How do you like that, Josh? $1.6 million plane the old slots. I'll be playing sometime. Yeah. You'll be getting around through it eventually. I'll be an opalicious before midnight. When asked how she's spent the money, Sherman replied first of all, I'd like to find somewhere to live because my house was destroyed by Katrina. Sherman had been staying under sister's three bedroom home in opalicious with about 26 other people since Katrina fled an 80% of New Orleans and left her homeless. With 12, I'm going to kill myself right. I'm going to jump off my balcony. I'm going to take the mic with you, could you? With $20 in hand, Sherman was on route with her sister to do some shopping when on a whim she decided to try her luck at the slots. I was on the road to Kmart and decided to stop at the casino, which is around the quarter from her sister's home. Seven. Ah. Careful. Close the window. 17 quarters, $4.25 later, she was a millionaire. When you fleece to happen, you just go, don't say Sherman, still appearing somewhat days by her good fortune. You just don't realize what, what, oh no. You just don't realize what done happened. I'm told the first next to you, hits you and says, what you done it? Oh no, I'm sorry, what you done did it. I'm done. I'm done. I did it. It done. Oh boy. Four dollars and twenty five cents, 17 quarters. And she wins one point six wins. So you see Barbara Bush had an excellent point. These people are really illoped at her off nothing. They used to be. This is working out very well. They're moving on up for the Jefferson's. How do you like that? Now that's an inspired Josh take a five bucks and of course with that big new razor again, probably I've maybe ten bucks. Well, we got to see if that happened. That is, of course, if we ever get real slots and stuff, we're still waiting on pins and needles for that. Understand the people with Papa and Park, you know, they owned two of the, uh, the Luxe casinos that went, uh, Kabul that went. Sure. Yeah. So they got some surre some issues over there. So look, put in their lives back together again. But I still say, look at all the money that's being lost every single day in Florida for education and all the jobs that people could be working right now because of the fact that the fan asked Governor and legislation continued dragging their feet. Here it's the sixth of October. The deadline was the first in July for Christ's safe August September October. Next like three months ago and then five days. Three months and five days ago was the deadline and are they doing it? No. Are we reading any more about it? No. Are they having a special session? No. Nice going. Come to the QA and hello. Not there. That line one man's got real issues. WDQAM hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm actually a funny quick story for you. I work on a charter boat and it's really strange this morning and I've been used to go and pick up Denise, hot then at his house. And it was like that. And it was the funniest thing because we had, we had, uh, Christmau War, who was a spastic at the mouth with his vocabulary. And Kelly was sweeping on the couch and Denise was just absolutely diary all over the place and we just took it the best part of it all is that we had the rimmer throwing up over to side, baking to go home. It was the funniest fan thing you've ever seen. When I was talking about that. Oh, it was unbelievable. It was the most amazing thing we had all all of them on the boat at the same time. We still picked up these people at their houses. Oh, my god. And then next time we have a dream like that call us back because it was a lot of the entertaining. WDQAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. What a place. And any idea. Pretty good. Three quick points. Uh, and would you put the friends on that pole? Transnese to be honest. And I'd like it to raise you like that. Well, you do different funny shows. Yeah. I can't but Gary signs out here like he's not funny. But George and Cream are, they made that show what it is. They wasn't Jerry sign fell. You know, you know, today's your boy's birthday, right? Who's that? Your favorite lobbyists, you know, 80 years old today. And then go to show you what you call me. This, you know, God bless you. Well, that's right. Somebody call your stay and said it with, well, unhappy birthday to you, Chuck. I know. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm a little bit too hyper for me. Maybe he was also an I group with the Denise, Father and I remember. Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa like that. And there were blowing chunks. And they were blowing chunks. I don't do him any idea when he was told. Look at this. It's 1156. Do you know where your children are right now? Yes. 21 votes away from 879. And that is really fine. Fine is GI wine. That is amazing. 779. We're going to be over 800 by the top of the hour, George. Court is right that down on your sleeve. If we get over a thousand, we get that bonus. And we get that few longest bonus. In fact, does that he's got some special for Josh tomorrow morning if we can give it to him? This is the new Roger. This is 566. Hey, I'm from our Illiana. Rush, lightning. And I like rubbing my snowy gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new Rookay, I'm gonna use the hour. So the makers of laws, supernatural wrestlers, and many of them that surfers comes in other shows, but aliens and weird creatures that live under ground or in your attic or underwater, like TV presents, the poopier pants show. You'll see a monster or an alien, or a guy possessed by a demon. Whatever it is, it will be on. The poopier pants show. You'll miss the series premiere. When two brothers stranded on the mysterious island, run for the hatch and discover an underwater creature, while being chased by aliens, and the lucky charms let work up. The monster runs to the earth and the water is there. I don't know! Hey, I'm actually a demon! I prove I'm a man! Some seems we're not be suitable for children under 15. There are adults with irritable bowel syndrome. The poopier pants show may be disturbing, graphic and completely implausive. Put your TV and your bathroom. Put a poopier pants show. Oh my god! What is that? I don't know! A branch! A branch! It is so great to see both my pants! There is premiere for not to be commercial in a eruption by dependency of the Del diapers and K-O-Pectay. The poopier pants show. Runs by TV. Welcome! It's 12-0 exactly. We got 800 votes. Mark's that down effect. I think that's now we can go home. That's what we got. Wasn't that the info we had this morning? If you guys didn't get in here with us by noon, we were number one won't even believe it. I'm actually a dual-fiber camp believe. He's probably having some kind of a gangster attack right now. Just thinking about it. Funny is TV show. We got a tourist race. Monty Python flying circus got up for a really good start. But they've kind of sagged the third right now. Let's face it. How many people actually saw that show? About 30 minutes. It was on PBS. It was an audition. As much as I love them, their brand of humor is way over the head of a lot of your average smuggler. You had to think. As opposed to, and that we put friends on there, please. We did. As opposed to a sign-feld, you don't have to be like an intellectual do-a-lice-exual. All right. Not necessarily anything wrong with that. Does that make it not funny? No, that is what made it not funny. These script and the cast made it not funny. 124 for sign-feld. All in the family 110. That's like comparing a steak from Ruth Chris steakhouse with some of the stuff that's floating in the water in New Orleans for more of ice-sid. Okay? That's my perspective. Not that anybody cares because everybody knows I got really bad taste. But anyway, when I was the, what was I going to play? Dad, oh, here it is. Sarah, give a tip off there. Well, I don't know what it is. I just like to saw him. I didn't like this show either because I don't like him. I love the song. I love the song. Here he is. Got it. Oh. I'm taking one thing. We sure had a lot of fun when he died. You know what? I mean, that sounds sick. I don't mean it. Huh? We did? Well, yeah, we did. I mean, we would do a lot of talk about it. We'd take that theme over and over. Oh, that was hot. Sure. We'd fun to Edmund Mann being an old driver. Oh, wait for the guy. All that crap he's involved with Dick Clark by the way. See, you show me a person's friends and I'll tell you a lot about that person. So when Edmund Mann hangs around with Dick Clark, what does that tell you? Oh, everybody's on the day. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. The voice of administration's former chief procurement official was in died of yesterday by a federal grand jury. I'm charged as making false statements and obstructing investigations in the high-part Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff. You're going to see this is going to make water here. Looks like a Sunday picnic. You'll see. All right. The five felony counseling department charged David H. Safavian, but obstructing Senate and executive branch investigations. And whether he had an Abramoff and efforts to acquire property controlled by the general service administration, the GSA, around the nation's capital. Both probes looked into an August 2002 golf outing that's the civilian took to Scotland with Abramoff for more Christian co-lawless executive Ralph Reed. Representative Bob Nade, Republican of Ohio and others. Sullivan, a former lobbying associate of Abramoff is the first person beyond Abramoff himself. The face charge is arising out of the probal lobbyist who's a major Republican fundraiser with close ties to the U.S. and Congress. Oh, my. It's just beginning to unravel. Like I told you, the whole deck of cards just like them is fallen dominoes. And we've all seen that. I think we're looking at different parts of the world. Have those dominoes all lined up and like any training of them to try to break the Guinness World of Records. And then they like they get a little pink on the first one like Pinko, you know, a little pink and all of a sudden it's like that domino effect. And all of a sudden like any of these any dominoes go like come in now. That's kind of fun to watch say, you know, yeah. Now what happens when like about the 10,000's one like falls cocky or something. And it didn't work. They got it set it up has commits to the side. In Japan, I would think. Just to do the honorable thing. Come in to play in hello. No. Yes, okay. Got to say I love you in the listen to you. So I would get. Um, maybe a hammer. How long have you been going to win this for a while now, right? But 20 years. About 30 man. Yeah. Yeah. So my point is it's amazing how these colors call up. I think they're stupid man. Yeah. Yeah. The one that you don't want to show to. The wistard van d'axeau. Dick van d'axeau. Oh, no. Why do I say to do you already know because you know. Okay. And the owner, the time is also. You were in a great hour of the funny film. I'm as ridiculous. 560, 560 pound, 560 and he Verizon and singer the wireless line. That was pretty good. One at a time. Still laughing. So only one response I have, you sir. Yeah. How many QAM? Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. I'm this our our our our our our our our our our our movie winner. Harry, my colleague. Go ahead. My explanation. And ever since. Reem. These people are using the abortion issue and the moral issue. To get these Bible numbers up to those every time and every time they have a chance to. And they can't make the promise through they don't. It's just so this cash cow keeps coming back to them. I really like. You know, and even more I'm going to notice it. I just don't understand. Yeah. You know, I'm not a question. I agree with you. I'm everything on the got file was as great. But if I would have tell you that I think I like I think Michael. They're a better job at Mount Corby on acting who we do. Think I'm crazy. Well, here we are with my response to that. It's a good. But thank you. Friends. Yeah. Michael. But there's only one. Marlon Branderman. I think it's a good job. I was going to look forward to. Watching you know the second part of it. And that number three is I'm a watchable. We're calling all my God. See. One thing. I maybe we should be scared to you. Yeah, maybe listen. I have a book about you. Listen. You're going to go. And then that was the line in the movie. It's just a kind of maybe they should figure you. Don't you? Don't you remember when it came through, pricing all those old lines. Yeah. I know. Now they go for you. And he looks at her when I real corny look and just maybe he'll figure you. I heard you say, oh, give us the movie number three. I thought you and when that woman said, oh, if I give the order, I don't got my seat. It's just to get off. Yeah. It's to listen. Well, I've already had a second for so bad. The Hate Story of the Hook in Is the The Vatican and the Appopian and the Bishop of the Columbia Murder of the Pope very important stuff in the hanging or Roberto Calve and cetera, but, nobody cares about that. Anybody can listen. Please. After the time Saturday and twenty somewhere, Monday went to apply. Please please. Have you gone working? You sure? Knowing got that child number was absent. It was great too. It was great too. It was great too. It was great too. I made my phone when you were going out with Shirley. And maybe the most famous line ever from movie. I could be wrong about that. We've done the pulls on favor lines. Yeah. I'm going to make them an awkward game with you. Right? Right. That's it. That's the one. Deeline. You're all time. You're taking a study question. That's not what I get's quoted at a very, very much. It's business and you take an impersonal. Only business. And then of course another great line from the godfather. Get the job. Oh, why can't we play that whole line? Joyce. Good. Yeah. You're on next week. You do it once. All right. I still want to. Yeah. And he's a bleep. Yeah. I think he needs a couple of bleep. I was a bleep in it. Sure. During the break, I'm going to listen to it and hear. I'm not chasing that one. No way. It's not a good bleep. I'm like. Maybe just it. I can't. So I'm sure some feedback on Kelly's debut last night is the voice of your Florida Panthers. That's what I want to talk. Coffee. You understand? Because that's the kiss of that man. That would be the end of the road for this kid. But what do you think that somebody has something to say? Come to the QA and hello. Can you bring it up with me? QA and hello. Yeah. Is it a meal there? No. Come to the QA and hello. QA and hello. Yes. Have a suggestion for a poll? Okay. Would be what? Sock or Sock? And my contribution would be wind shine. That's pretty deep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to hold you back when you're the team this way. But you're just a pro. But you're not that strong right. Yeah. I'm always done in the second year. I'll never be your game. Come on. Bring on. Oh, it's like I'll be there. Oh, I got to hear that. Let me also let me just, that just sends me right to the bull. I'm going to hear that. I'm going to hear that. I'm going to hear that. Let me just, let me just, let me just, let me just, let me just, let me just, let me just. See, I, I, I just, to this day, I don't get that. I mean, I realize that people have all these Jews in New York, they're right a lot of this crap. They are what they are. You know, here. Let me go play it. Yeah. A bunch of idiots in some studio, some network of studio rooms, somewhere to put a stupid show on with a stupid theme song. Yeah. And they made it happen. No, but that's not my point. The point about the slimy and slimazzle. And then it's just, yeah. I forgot him. Okay. He heard some ridiculous words and threw him in there. Right. But then again, Penny Marshall isn't for going either. She in fact, she's not for anybody. She's just from hunger. That could have been. I know we did this thing about the worst TV show of all time. If that isn't in the top 10, I can't imagine what else. Okay. They said, we saw the course, um, the thing they just made the movie about. Ducce has it. Well, that's not sure what's pretty. And he had some real interesting here. He wasn't just, what do you call it? Blonde. What do they call that? I like reports. I don't know. No, no, it's almost white. Corn silk. Well, what did that come from? That's that stuff. You know, when you're chucking corn. Yeah. Ah, shocks. I know that the damn man's opinion is too. That is. But for, and of course, yeah. And of course, depending on what you're going to do with the corn comp. 820, two votes. We are just pleased as punch man. Even though some of these may be fake on a sign for all things. Do you believe that or do you think it's a free, free job? I think a little about, huh? I think a little about. Uh, because we got a big battle there. A sign for 120. All the family want 13 and a Carol economy just come back in there. Could you so pissed off about it? It is a new rush. This is 516 cases. Pretty soon. 414. Thank you. You know what? Can you feel that they're like, I love her. So what would people be most surprised to know about you, do you think? You know what? I have to say I'm so totally by it's right. Yeah. And I am personally by. Yes. So I'm we're not going to see it in pretend like we don't know each other because we're not going to see it in the end. So we don't know each other because we hooked up straight making out. I love that in the same bed. That was real free. Yeah. Yeah. Tell the people what you said to me. I looked over it and I said, you know what? I have to say I'm feeling a feeling. I don't know if I've ever actually felt before. And I don't want to be anywhere other than where I am right now. Here's my video diary of just one night with Jennifer. Oh my god. How does that feel? Pretty fantastic. Yes. Oh my god. It's a lovely day. It's a lovely day. It's a lovely day. Oh my god. Oh my god. And it was a fantastic. And it was a fantastic. Because you really did come. Yeah. Did you lose yourself? Sure. I mean, come on. It's sort of like, it's a shame. It's a shame. It's a shame. We'll be right back. Turn this favorite TV. Oh, I'm going to do this in girls. Good guy. We're not doing TV thing. They've just got carried away with a Johnny Carson. Oh, I'm Eann, all in the family, of course. I'm going to throw up my chicken fingers. Wait till you hear this article, man. Not that I want to take time from these fantastic calls. D.P. Swarinson. Who's that? Don't know. He writes for the Salt Lake Weekly. Salt Lake City might be a Mormon. Boosier Bush. W.D. gets by with little help from Jack and Jim. It doesn't explain everything, but it explains a lot. George Bush, our president, is in the bottle again. The drinking room has been making the rounds for months. And even before that, people's speculative that Bush's accident, choking on a pressel, dropping his dog, crashing his bicycle, more alcohol related. For some of them, I said to a point of flotting his physical prowess. His habitual clumsiness is somewhat suspicious. After all, Bushy, his wife's Laura's pet name from, just as his pet name for her, which is a bit creepy. First game prominence as a high-kicking back-flip-and-sis-boom-bom-mail cheerleader at Yale. Of course, we were all familiar with Bush's epic battle with the bottle. He booses his way through college. He's persistently licked up through his 20s, failing to show up for National Guard duty, but never missing Bush's wrench week in Barbecue with his Texas buddies. Inuous 30s. You're so continuously sliced that he screws up every sure thing business venture is that he sets up for him. At 40, so the story goes, his wife gives him the made for the movie Sound by Alphamidam, Bushy is me or Jim Beam. And the chase informer cheerleader renounces Bush forever. In a medium shot we see Bushy mournfully pouring out the last of a fifth of bourbon onto the patio pavement, while Laura witnesses the act with a wife-ly look of affection relief and secret triumph. Bush's renunciation of Bush is being such mythic status that many people, Republican true believers, conveniently overlooked the fact that his renunciation of the elf beverages was hardly a redemptive turn of fortune. All that happened was that Bush, the obnoxious drunk, became Bushty of Nuscious T-Totler, proclaiming that his life was now in the hands of Jesus Christ, not Jim Beam. But the recent revelations about Bush-locking on southern comfort as a rack goes down the tubes, as a rack goes down the tubes, and whirlings goes down the drain, causing the question whether he actually gave up booze and gave his life to Jesus in the first place. But the Bush continued to hit the sauce after taking the pleasure explains that good deal of his weird behavior, one at minute scared schmittless, the next after a sequence where he only was squirming early times and flated with Texas swagger. One minute Bush goes limp with fright when despidates inform him that the planes of crashed in the world trade center, the next minute stiffly the bravado he boasts of his resolve to get Osama dead were live. One minute when he hears her king Katrina Howling, he cringes like a scaredy cat behind his mama after a few pops of old granddad, he's full of phony bluster, telling his spectacelist image chief Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job. Other creepy traits of our commander and chief makes sense when he seen in life as unagnosed alcoholism, there is his adolescent habit for instance to conferring nicknames and all who come within his kin. We all know drugs who deepen the throws of an e-breated Bonhohmeen, every style terms infection on friend and forelike. Bonami, Bonhohmeen, Bonjovey. One can almost feel Bush's sticky breath at his human embrace as he crisps his confedments and mortalizing them with his own special brand of corny wit, turdblossom for Carl Roe, Lime Greenbeen for News. Number one for Barbara Bush was not about relief that Junior did not name her number two. He's number two in our book, balloon food for colon pal. Ali for Barbara Boxer, big old for Olympia snow may or may not wonder if the cheekiness of little geez presumptuous regarding the magnitude of orgasms and last but not least, Pooody Poote, Vladimir Putin who in times passed might have launched the Dunes Dam Machine in Palm receiver and Monica with connotations of the female genitalia. Bush's prolonged south-south-tooth also explains his verbal miscuses, his syntactical insurgency's his grammatical catastrophes. It's a zifthed bourbon marinade left deadly and is already demitted of brain, making it impossible for the most elementary thoughts and navigates way through the diseminated labruth of his frontal lobes. Then there are quirky smurfs to bug eyeglares and goofy grimaces, his words and facial expressions so out of sync that you reminded of a badly dubbed Japanese monster movie. Finally, what about all these lip-jarrations when Bush is under stress? The tiny mouth working this way is and that is if we're engaged in a timid removal of the cap from a bottle. It must be the sauce. I wonder if it's that same sauce that these are the big mac that smells like a verb bush. The secret sauce? The secret sauce? The secret sauce? The secret sauce? The secret sauce? In the White House. 860 votes. We're going to go like way over 900 by one o'clock and people from coast to coast. People all over North America are going to be talking about it. Can you hear that? Smell that, honey. Yeah. Man, they're going to come in after the show and they're just going to throw bags full of money for both of you guys. Bags. Yeah. Thanks a lot. No, maybe the water now might be one. How many QAM? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Yeah. I'm going to try to do diabetic 43. Yes? My feet are starting to get numb. Have been nice, Neil. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I have a suggestion for your follow-offer. WKRP and Cincinnati. Okay. That was a bad show. Yeah, okay. It was big. It was funny. Okay. Put the ice cream down, pal. Thank you. Thank you. How do you know? Yeah, I see you. Bye-bye. So we're wondering what show was funny since all these shows suck. All in the family. Right. No, I'm talking about like, you know, in this decade, maybe. That's why I don't watch any of them. I see. But they suck. Huh? But they suck. Oh, I see them. Okay. Maybe a few minutes of. My question is, is there any Simpson South Park? Okay. But you don't watch them. I'm a Simponser in air. Okay. Great shows. This era. This real funny show. You tell me some. Since in South Park, Daily Show, Family Guy. Yeah. Family Guy haven't seen. It's very funny. I'll send you the DVD of the movie. So, in other words, you're trying to tell me is that they're a whole bunch of really funny shows on here. Well, like WKRP was a very funny show. No, I did not think it was a funny show at all. Okay. In fact, the government of my stage, what was his name? That was the DJ. Dr. Johnny Fever. Yeah. I think it's a little bit of a piece of the song. It's a little bit of a piece of the song. Uh, it has been. It hasn't. It didn't. It didn't. It didn't. It didn't. It's not. It just didn't. I'm just dying in the cornball sitcoms. They just don't do it for me. You did. Like, sign up. Well, I think you're a family. Family. Uh. Oh, that's all the shows of that. John Remand. Just 80's in them. All right. Just checking. Bonnie. What was it Bonnie, Frankton? What was that show? One day at a time. I didn't even chose like that and that's not of this era. That's a lot longer than this. And they did a show sucked. One day the time that that's stuck. Although, about a month or never wore a bra. Well, there's a reason to watch. How about happy days now that they're all bad. Bad brutal. That was one of the most popular shows. Yeah, history, Mr. Well. So if you're questioning my look, if anybody tells me I don't have a sense of humor, they obviously never listen to this show in an or for Greg Reed. Okay. There's two of points for me right there. All right. But check it. I don't watch the Daily Show. I, I, I, I grant you a very interesting. I've seen clips and it were very, very funny. And I like John Stewart a lot. I just don't watch it. That's all stuff. Part of my life. I had to warm up to it. And I, but when I had the energy, if I thought it was a greatest thing since I spread, I'm not interested in watching those kind of shows. It's just when you reach a certain point in your life, you don't have time for certain, whatever, comedy. Exactly. And there could be a reason. Do, do, do, do. That's it. I've lost a little bit of my sense of humor. But the last four years. Do, do, do, do, do. And again you would know anything about that. Right. Being a humorless. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, 872 votes. We got a battle going on. Signfeld 137. Now, sorry you tell me that signfeld was funny? It had been funny. Some of the people who was hysterical. Ah! Not because he was. I wasn't the point of the show. Some of the shows were hysterical. A lot of people. I'm going to go through the floor right now. And I just crawled on the floor for half an hour. The, uh, the master, patient show was hysterical. What do you mean? What do you mean to say? Uh, uh, yeah. The master, the patient show. Right. What's that station? What were they were watching? The show, Mr. Well, naturally that would be right up your alley. You know, the hunting section, well, I made it a good show. No, that was funny. It was Dr. Ruth, like a fantastic. Dr. Ruth, is she still, is she probably had a show? Yeah, that wasn't funny. It was not funny about her. She's funny about her. Look at her. I was funny about her all right. Ha ha ha. I thought about her talking about sexes. That wasn't the music. In the panic. Yeah. Well, there you go. She's a lot of fun. And it's to me, then, Jerry, sign felt. Sure. Look at what other word. We're at a process for we bidding them already. There is a policy. You know, I think a team of directories, actually, was like, the Rani was acting. Contracts, and so to the better job. And then they were in the project. I was starting to do that. And maybe they should've done it soon. Policy and reiterated his commitment to get the 60,000 hurricane victims still in shelters in some other kind of housing by the middle of this month. Right. We just make sure they don't come back because, obviously, we don't want too many dark photos. That trailers look like very nicely appointed. Yeah. And they really? But they were just showing to them. They were just showing to them. Who appointed and probably the same guy that appointed the Brownie Brown is director of FEMA. The fact that there is so little outrage about this kind of stuff. And all these totally, it goes along with that whole concept of mediocreism. I like that word. Coney isn't a mediocreism. Let's patent it. Yeah. Let's not find the best of it. The best in the brightest because they would make Bush look even worse than the R.A. does. Anybody brighter than a dim bulb. Let's begin and dim what about Kukuzina, about the popcorn orange. What about it? That was funny. Wasn't a TV show? No, it was kind of a comedy. It was funny in a very sick way. He got like that move on time tonight at eight. A single mother, struggling with it, due to face of face with a suspecting killer on the run. That's not good. That's not good. That's not good. That's not good. That's not good. Oh, thank God television is doing so much to elevate the brains of the American public, man. Really, really working on your mind. That's all we got. Somebody great chosen at poll today. This is Neil Roger's world. This is five 16. Eight. Eight. I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere. I've been a reenosting car, go far, go. Minnesota, Buffalo, Toronto. Where's those guys? Where's your dog? Don't go home. Don't go home. Don't go home. We're going to stop there on us. Minnesota. And we're going to get him over. I knew that he'd go and Texas is under your  mightstereach, my ass claim that women uhiler Gives in Iowa for you. crease up the left and left area as you at the right and never get. Okay, say it, man. Monicaemic, I think Dakota is high on what North American people resist and heck you said other people are dead on black Washington ride I'm here in T.A.A. He went a kick pushes ass in 2004. Guarantee if itSTR U MVP So our ducks friend out there 6 and they WHERE Run If you are an answer then they Go there to mingle with the U are tough. At least the birds are got an excuse. I feel sorry for the birds. They just brought up in that kind of conceptated mentality with that whole royalty thing. It's like a new surrender neck. They can't help it. But the Dutch have good no excuse. Maybe it's a bad cuisine. Anyway, he says yesterday, I listened for five minutes to go these first Panther commentary. First off, not a commentary is called play by play. It's like listening to a high school kid doing a high school game. Why is it that so many people get jobs on that stage of a no experience? It's not who you know, but who you f*** up there. He says, watch your language. Okay. That's the problem with this country. If you know someone you get a job somewhere, ask Mikey Brown he says. Is that old Brownie Brown? It's such some get some quality people. It's not an option anymore. Do we? It says, I'm probably probably trying to do it. Do we? What? Do decimal system. So that's what he says. I mean, I said we got some calls on it. But of course, it's a narrow casting. I had a lot of talk about the panthers of the hockey game. Although obviously they're going to be very good this year and I start. But it would be nice to hear a little about Gully. The report I got was very good. The only problem from that being was from Dough who wouldn't know on hockey, Brock Castor, somebody slacked him across the black dome. But would it? You know, now his remember giving you his critique yet? I was having a fine day up until this moment. Oh, and let me just point this out to that dawn on make this a little slow today. How many of you came up here in Cincinnati? Is not a recent TV show? No, no, that was by any it's older than Methuselah, right? So the fact that I didn't like that show, and let me let me just astonish you by telling you whole bunch of shows that I didn't like at all. No, I wanted to like what I did. I didn't like the Beverly Hillbillies. I didn't like read a lot of this. I didn't like read a cruise. That wasn't I didn't watch a hope. Oh, Billy's was very I didn't watch the love boat. I didn't watch a whole hooking zero is very I didn't watch Gully against island. I didn't like any of those questions was what shows did you think were funny? Yeah, that was the question. No, you were saying reason or ever for that matter. Oh, give me a break. Let's go out of this all the family hysterical mighty Python sensational. Okay. Simpson South Park, Shepel's sure I haven't seen, but I'll take your word for it. Mary would chill right hated tonight's show at Constant and now with him. Fulfi Towers and so so headed to moments cheers bad. Jefferson's hysterical Jackie Greason show great SNL Great. I'll throw a bunch of chocolate I could live without it and living color was very funny. I love Lucy in it's day in it's funny. Honey mourners was great Kirby and through Zayn and never seen it. Samford and son. Now for me Benny Hill show. Okay. As those. Yeah. Yeah. Laughing was a panic. Show show. It's Caesar was hysterical. The song show. Steve Allen show is the funny show ever, but it's just dated. It's old. The song show was a funny but it was the same thing every day. In fact, it was we have the song show out there. How come we don't have Jerry Springer show on there? That's a comedy show. Well, what do you do? It is now, but we could put it on there, but it is now. Like it was really everyone there to deal with the story of that. No, no. It was like all the other shows when they were about to get canceled when they thought the comedy show, when they just have the the spanking widgets and the adulterous whatever. Yeah. Every day. It's a comedy show. It'll get a lot of votes and it's certainly a hell of a lot of funnier than seven to one's year counting like WKRP and Cincinnati. It was funny. Everybody loves Raymond seven. Yeah. That's not fine. Mashed in like it. S.C. TV. Great. Sir. Yes. One of the funniest and the whole cast of that. Yes. David Letterman six. Now for me, Daily Show would join. Sure. I'm sure. I'm sure is very funny. I don't watch it. My name was okay. It has an omnis. The All-Z show. The All-Z show. The All-Z. You see that? I want that show to be fun and soon. But it's not. So, so it was okay. It was a funny for about two seconds. Well, in grace, not for me for Supercell show was great. Or any co-bactual sensational. Are you being served never heard of it? Rest of the velvet never seen it. 70 show. Bad. If you were a genius great, get smart, not for me. You didn't like it. More than you like the green of the genie, but you didn't like the Beverly Hillbillies. Right. Now, I dream of a genius cute and I never missed the net. Well, what is Beverly Hillbillies have to do when I'd be with genius. I said we didn't think it was funny and I'm questioning whether you actually ever saw an episode. Oh, of course before you were born, I would imagine that some of those shows were hysterical. They ripped into everything the Beverly Hillbillies. They satirized everything and everyone including themselves and it was a panic. Well, this is how I have to do when I dream of a genie. Because I just understand on the same dream. I mean, when you were a genie, who were they satirizing and I dream of a genie? Nobody in the shows were just when you watch them again. It's like, you know what? I didn't realize this show wasn't really funny. And be which the same thing never missed the net. But it was only cute. This is blasphemy. I never laughed unless it was that like Paul Lin made a guest appearance. Then I would, you know, I see my scenes, but other than you. Well, Paul anyway. Great theme song in both cases. See, there are different kinds of humor. I do mean in genie. I do mean in genie. It wasn't one of those like the old Steve Allen show where he'd like laughed so hard. You'd almost peen your pants. You just roll a key on a sight. But it was cute. And it was cute. And yes, you would laugh. You would laugh at me and I don't care what you say. When I was a kid, I wouldn't laugh. And then, you know, I tried watching it again. And other than Barbbean being really, really hot. Yeah. I failed to see the comedy of it. Oh, I just, I was so much like a guy. A lot of very primitive sight guys. She would bring. I'll tell you what was funny too, but it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. Oh, it's cool. I think it was. In fact, it was funny and very gay. Now, I'll tell you, sure, and here's all I want to show that was supposed to be funny. And it's one of the most, it has one of the greatest cult followings of any show and history of television. I could never begin to tell you why. Can I give you a clue? I am sorry. Now, don't put it on there because if it would go for the Brady bunch was funny, I'll tell you another one since you watch. We just spend all day talking to him because you are my three sons was supposed to be a comedy. What was that? I watched because of a robber Brady. Right. What else? I'll have our reason. I want you to show you how it's done. Great. Yeah. It's done. Great. Every time I mentioned dog radio, I got to say we do in Ferris Fossil. I don't know why. On a similar subject, leave it to Beaver. Everybody watched it. Was it ever funny? No, it's like in the same same year as Ozzy and Harry. It was just, well, but those were those shows were kind of like amusing sitcoms. In other words, not like, I don't know how to use it. Like using an ordinary, like Ozzy and Harry. They were like, they were like, they were like, David and boring sitcoms. Very, very safe comedy that's right. Sure, so a friend no one. And by the way, what did Ozzy do for a living? That's good question. What did Ward do? Cleaver. He was like the OJ, the latter day OJs. Hey, Ward. Cleaver? Not yet. I got like what I'm going to do. I'm doing. June to go there. 925 of us. We might have close to a 1000 by one. Holy, happy day. Oh, right. When Hawkins singers, you got it again? The Edwin Hawkins singers and O'Happy Day. Oh, happy day. This is amazing to me. This is shocking revolutionary. And I got it called said, well, what does it mean? It means we got a whole crap load of people out there. Maybe we can be in the pool too, but we don't hear. Oh, happy day. Look at the battle we got going. Scientists are 142 all in the family. 121. You're all the family people that get with it. You wear star-freep in that one. Because if science though wins, I might do something rash next week like going vacation. Now we'll give you this. There's no comparison between Son and Felvin on the family. Yeah. No, of course not. That's why we did this to him. How about you like that? So to tell that's fine with me, he was just way too Jewish for me. New York Julie. I think you're just an anti-Semite. That's all. Okay, very self-added. For one word tonight was Freakin Leris as was the Larry Sanders show it's his here. You calling me anti-Semitic would be like me. Yeah. Yeah, like me calling somebody. Yeah, I don't want to mention no names. For one word tonight, we got that. And again, I don't think was Hillary. I look at the other side. Larry Sanders show. Wow. 1242 at five. I'm just not a funny guy. I'm just a sour person. I got no sense. I'm right. I'm a little bar. I have four and a half years ago. I was a panic. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Testing. Fabric. I urge everyone to complain to this station. We're going crazy. I want to know if the rain. We're all like a free-handed rain. So come on the day. I didn't know who you were today. I want to know black Republicans. We're the two. We're the two. We're like one. We're the one. We're the one. We're the three. We're the five. We're the one. We're the one. We're the one. We're the one. We're the one. How far we sense of five? 16. Nobody can. We got 951 votes. I'm not sure. We're not sure. This is shocking. This is a day that we're living in the Aneals of broadcast history. Don't you agree? Yes. WQAM. Yes sir. It's a friend. Yeah. Carbonettes. He's already on his server. He's got 14. He's right under SNL. He's put her in the same category with SNL. He just leaves me limp. It's like putting the sign. The same category with all in the family. How many QAM? Yeah. Yeah. We have a rock in his friends. The original Superman with George Reeves. What was funny about Superman? It was hilarious. It was hilarious. The way he was on the table, flying in the airplane practically. Yeah. He's not my Kema. He was a rockian bullman. He was a rockian bullman. Absolutely. There's one of my favorite shows. What's wrong with that? No, no. I was just going to watch him. Rockian bullman was great. What was this? The Canadian Mounties. What's his name? W. I don't know. I think that was a little feature that they had within the rockian bullman. No, no, no. There was another video. I could look it up in the book. There's no where we're going to do that. Because I got the TV book also. What is the funniest TV show of all time? Signed 127. All of the family won 24. In 1771, South Park 70, Kempel show 47. How is Boris bad enough? Not enough. Family guy and what about Natasha? Family guy 42. I'm not going to read all these because there's an END. I was just read the first of pay. Mary would show her 41. Tonight with Johnny Carson 28, Fallby Tower 25, cheers 24. See, I put the Rocky and Bullway Coast stuff in the same category. We're like South Park with those guys. Okay, for today. I'm not a sad guy. A lot of great voices. Of course, the voice is on Rocky and Bullway Coast. Edward Edward Horton. I wonder if he was kind of Tim Horton. Yeah, he's dead now. I think. Who else? I don't even know. Cheers 24. Cheers. I'm going to say it in live 15. Carol, we're going to have to go for a team with Tim Conway and... Hardly important. Yeah, Harvey Corman. Some of the sketches were good, but it was mostly... Thank you Lawrence. I think she and Carol were doing something. The Honey Motors 12, Kirby and Thuci has him 10 out of loosely 10. Then he'll show 10. And after that single day, I'm like, I'm like, I'm going to waste the hours and hours. We've been 7,000 different names. And again, we take the poll to find out your taste. And, you know, we know you like been in the ice cream better than any of the flavors. So obviously, you like, sign tell better than all the family. Yeah, if it was going to be whatever we like, there will be the point in the poll, right? Right. We know a lot of your tastes is in your touch. Wait in your story. Now, what I just tell you about Oprah, right? Don't make me wait. What did I just tell you about that bitch? That you see your life both mentally and physically. We'll be better if you avoid Oprah. Because that bit we play with her. In fact, let me just play the beginning of that. One moment, please. Oh, here it is, it's under. Please welcome Jennifer. See, I don't know if you've ever watched any of that show. But it's like he's got all the women, the step-for-wives out there in the ice. And they're all hopped up for some doggy upper-suffering. If you're watching the intro. And then they all just go crazy. Every time she says something, they have to pan to someone in the audience with this, like, moon, the struck, look on their face. Practically crying. Well, then what's brings Colorado, Angelic Fear Relo says, The border that crashed through one wall of her second story apartment out another. Might have struck her if she'd been in a usual spot watching Oprah. How do you like that? Hmm, or maybe if she'd been sitting and living room eaten some Oprah? Fear Relo said that she was in the neighbor's apartment when the table size rock, Thunderdown, Red Mountain, Tuesday afternoon. We're like, oh my God, what is that? Oh my God. You said, we're like, her husband was a worker. Two cats, Odin and Lockeye, Loki. Took cover under a bedroom dress, and we're on her. What's Odin and Loki? Oh, Lord God. Oh, I was really. Yes. Well, I'll be damned. So many gods in so little time. There's always... Oh God! Rain that apparently loosened the mountain side, on least as slide that sent the border bouncing down the mountain side. Lansing off key branches, and then crashing to her corner, fear Relo's apartment. It landed on the grass lawn outside, leaving the trail of day, Breendor's and out. I'm doing okay. I'm alive, fear Relo said. She did say, I have no light. But other than that, so she wasn't an usual spot watching Oprah, and it saved her life. And it could do the same for you. Are you silly women in her America out there who are like brainwashed with a swill, with those silly ass pastel backgrounds, and those stupid couches. Swill rhymes with Dr. Phil. Now, wait to hear this. Crunk is good. Is it? How good is it? Yeah. You ever been crunked up? Not today. Uh, and I literally... It was a... Actually, my first horse at Hazel Park, Ray Krunk was the training driver. Ray Krunk had a short wife about two feet tall. He was like, understood, he had Joe Marseille, for those of you who are paying attention. Crunk is good among the new hot words. It's over wicked. Is that just over? From that made the... General in the New Orleans. Over? Over? It's over wicked, and even underbuff. Can we ever hear any of these words? Well, over wicked, but not underbuff. We have crunk juice energy for ink here in the building. Right. Freakly. Freakly squeezed. Did you just have some of the entries in the book published today that lists newly-clin words as well as jargon use and technology politics in the media? Crunk. The American hybrid for crazy and drunk. Are you talking about the present again? Is an example of how words evolved from popular culture according to Susie Dent, author of fanboys and overdogs, the language report. Crunk is the adoring all sorts of offshoot terms in the US. Crunk and... Crunk and B. Crunk rock, crunkster, and looks to set the catch on in Britain too, then said, New words travel from one variety of English to another. They speak English in England and Britain since when. And at racially increasing right thanks to the way language is a change over email chat rooms, TV, etc. Benz notebook also discusses the tendency to big up our language. Nothing has ever good or even greater anymore. Instead, we up for awful wicked and underbuff. Government of point, these are zars and experts are mysters. Oh yeah, spin mysters, like what brings spin mysters. That's push myster. And a mole myster. Jump type of saucer reflect this kind of inflation. The head of verbal communications is really just to be sentivist. While stockboys have been promoted to stock with stock, stock replenishment executives. All right. As for the fanboys in the book title, then said that the guys who are absorbed by a passion for comic books or computer games, fanboys. The book also looks at vocabulary. In fact, that's what they do in China a lot. Fanboys? Yeah. You ever see those Chinese fans? I'm sure you can. Well, they call those fans. The book also looks at vocabulary shift in the past century. The year on 1905, saw the introduction of PC economy with the next year came Serena Sorris. Oh, I'm sorry. Serena Sorris. Was that just Sorris? So many words on list are really to events 1940 introduced to him. Crow and 1980 brought ergonomics. Podcasting was last year's word. The firm letter for the 2005 word of the year is Sada Kuu, a big part of it. SUD, okay, you. How you be saying that? Sada Kuu? Never heard it. Sada Kuu? The logic puzzle that's replaced crosswords is a favorite way to kill time over lunch break. Sudo Kuu never heard it or never heard it. Don't know from it. Fanboys is dense a third-day language review book. Publicist Sarah Kid says it's then is a reason of word expert. I'm on the channel for countdown program. Well, isn't that Sally wonderful, huh? And have a great day, mate. Good day, Art. Just, uh, oh, and I got thanks to George. We did a lot of work and came up with very, but the one that I did find from E.I.U. Online store about that little ability thing that I heard I little bird by yesterday. Well, we got more. How come we're asking a cause about Kelly and a hockey game, damn it. WDQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. The funny show of our time with a 2004 further digital debate. Okay, great. WDQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Couple things, uh, one for the poll. How about night court? Night court's good. I like that. And, uh, regarding John Schneider, I think, uh, Al-Bino was the term you're looking for. And that was the one I was thinking of, but he looks, I'm that show. He looked very close to Al-Bino, which is, of course, white hair. It was so, uh, light blonde. And it had to be a dye job, man. Because he used to say, I'm dyeing on the hair. I'm dyeing on the hair. And if you get a toe head, yeah, yeah, try it. Right. And, um, this is sort of regarding, well, you guys were talking about yesterday. What was that guy, um, who worked alongside Billy Graham, and he wrote a book and you used to talk about the book a while back. Oh, oh, the guy that died. Yeah. Oh, maybe I could probably hear him. Maybe I could hear well to God. Very well to God by, um, Charles. Oh, come on. Nothing, Riley. Yeah, Charles, nothing. No, well, we'll find it for you. It is a great book. Excellent book. I'm not, I'll try to find it a while back. And I couldn't, I, I, I'd want for it. I couldn't find it anywhere. I mean, he was Canadian. So you have to probably look on a Canadian. In fact, I don't think, as, if for a long time, that the American booksters wouldn't carry it. Charles Templeton, Charles Templeton, who, where did you come up with? Oh, Google did. Amazon? Yeah. And you guys, you can get it from Amazon. Okay. Can I, I used to listen to you in Tampa and you used to be a lot of great and solid for that. Right. What, what, the, the blob guy, what does, what does name? Lob, ambassador. Oh, that's his name. Okay. Lobo. Yeah. I'd like to have a look at the, okay, give him a shot. Okay. Get him out of your mind. Please. I'll help. We'll do. See, I'll blobble. Let's see. Let me start by saying. I never listened to talk with you. So I heard you show about seven years ago. It's by far the best out there, but boy, you're tasting music, entertainment, and foodly, much to be desired. Just say no tomorrow, what's his? Well, and you're tasting food is impeccable. What my taste and food is sensational. You're okay to be this well now. That's not true. Some, some people just say, slob's me, everything. Hmm. Like, fat boy, I wouldn't say because he weighs 600 pounds. He's got impeccable taste. But I have great taste and food. That was the other ones entertainment. And that's not correct. And music, hey, I'm an old funny daddy. That's all my life. I like to music. I grew up with. And if you don't like it too bad, you mama. Oh, here it is. Fractured fairy tales and white dog. Now, Fractured fairy tales. That was also part of the show. The right. There was a segment on Ronaldinho Bowman race. So let's just leave it a dad. Little this little that. Now he's a little older dog. Huh? I think they said wonder dog. Right. You didn't like that? Well, I liked to underdog better. Oh, it's. You see, I was like, I got sucked in there. I thought they were talking about Stevie Wonder dog. There's no need to hear. Wonder dog. Oh, look at the polo. Look at that polo. Why people always tell you that. They grab a holder your kneecaps and spit around the notes here. This. That was the seven balls. That was the eight. This is the seven balls. Mm-hmm. That this has to be mistaken. It must be. It must be a. Fing Newton in my magazine. No, they're error and here. I know that those are the two. They're. And fixed that audio fault impeccably. Well, I can always. Oh, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait. Yeah, oh, I never went. Oh. Do we have Bill Cosby's on there? Oh, let's try it now. Oh. So this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one, the two, I'll. I wish you will have great flesh now. You're no, no, no. That was great. I was trying to find out. I like the part when he said we get this. Have a seat. Have a seat. I'm in. I'm in. That's great comedy right in that right. Williams, the way he tilts his head down like head, Merrill. Now that's fair and balanced news coverage. I still can't get the image of dead bodies floating down Bourbon Street out of my money. Oh, what you ought to do is watch an episode of Joey. Tonight. Hi, Joey. Yeah. You're here. It's all part of the equality deep programming provided by the fifth largest of things contractor in the world. We know that for a lot of SUV and SUV. Have a seat. Thank you. I am going to even show the same genre as W. You can't have a P.N. Cincinnati. Same era, not even the least bit humorous, very annoying characters. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You're very. Welcome back. And what about songs? Yeah. Songs sucked and the SUV. Well, it was a show with how limited that was. So boring. Bardi Miller. Bardi. And now wasn't able to go in that. Yes, he was. Tessio. Right. And that was a funny show. We'll get it. We'll get it. We'll get it. We'll get it. We'll get it. I hated that. I didn't think it was the least good. Right. So that's even the episode. It's a sticker. Oh, I might have a milky wave and another snicker. Okay. So it's just a show. They've got different taste in comedy. Okay. A lot of times the same. I've worked out. I hated it. Because he's a young punk. He doesn't get it. Well, I'm going to show it to him again when he's 40. He's still won't get it. He's from the long generation. You know what generation he's from? He's the German generation X. What? He's dead. Because I'm a newspaper. You know, I would get confused. You know, when they. I hate to say if I'm trying to spell something a name or something. Up here. Oh, you're. You're dead. And I. They. They. You say how's it going? And they also go. You know, Why, you know, recognize. Kick for things like that. At the sort of three people in your city. And so go for. One could either see Ser revisit it and say. Or when it's said, that's okay. I mean. This kind of go well. How's it going. This gun? Two glove. And this pro. What does it have? Like, P John. Not really. Okay, he means to grow up. Okay, but you know, I haven't heard a question before. Just like what comes if you. I don't know. That you can't learn that? Yeah. and we could check ID. We watch it as a family and always have. Now, family, that was an interesting show family. We watched it. Give me the willies. There was no one. It's okay. Didn't do anything for me. And a whole bunch of the, what was your name, Sarah? Todd, say the Thompson. And then they got to play the husband just died. No, they were there. They got to the real raccoon deep set eyes. So family. Your anti-judicial Google TV show and he'll have the guy's name in a half and a heart beat. There you go. Family. He's Google. All right. All right. I won't if you won't. Yeah. I hated that song. Well, what about even worse than that other, what about Barbara song? That's some history. What's not the right. That's American and the little kid shows on it. That's not a comedy if it's an educational show. Adam's family. Two. Sometimes funny. See, I put that word in the same category. Oh, no. That's not a good one. John, it's like, I've been here with some Denver. You got by the way. I got nothing for you on that. Have you put in Google TV show of family? What do you think I did? Well, I talked about hostile and I noticed they checked here already. That's why I don't know. That's why he's getting hostile. Because he knows I can't stop it now. Anyway. So here's more on that story. I don't know. I thought this was interesting. It's interesting for people who are planning to be a lot of the US pretty soon. Oh, and the way things are going, you know. Things are a little bit as cute. Vancouver tops of a building ranking, quite a new survey by the economist intelligence unit. Anus surveyed by the units assessing the liffability of 120-70 Cs. We're a wide-ish found band cover to be the most attractive destination. I know a lot of this is a repeat of yesterday, but a lot of people didn't hear it. Number one, answer a little more in detail. The survey show cities in Cameroa, Australia, Austria, and Switzerland is the most ideal destination. Thanks to a wide spread of availability of goods and services, low personal risk and an effective infrastructure. John Cops take editor of the report comments and the correct global political climate. It's no surprise that the most desirable destinations are those with a lower-perceived threat of terrorism. The lively ranking, part of the worldwide cost of living survey, says his living conditions in 127 cities around the world by looking at nearly 40 individual indicators, grouped into five categories. Stability, health care, or what's that? Cost-right environment, education, and infrastructure. The survey gives a rating of zero to 100% Indigenous City with lower-square to be the more attractive destination. A rating of 20% is where real problems are seen to begin. Many of the over 50% places severe restrictions on the lives down under with Udoana Beeneer, like Hailea. 63 cities, almost half of those surveyed the total form of the top lively bracket. This reflects the fact that many global business centers have developed a infrastructure and widespread availability. Still, the overwhelming majority of cities in the top lively range are based in Western Europe and North America, with Western Europe having the slight edge. Only three cities in eastern Europe, on this bracket, along with 13 cities from Asia, all cities in North American Western Europe have ratings below 20% and contrast all cities in Latin America, African and the Middle East, exceed this. The worst destinations in the survey are those of Algiers and Port Morris being Papua New Guinea, where many aspects of daily life present challenges. All 10 cities with the Lvivoli in X6-C50% are in Asia, Africa or the Middle East. Despite the clear difference of living standards between eastern and western Europe, the expansion of EU and strong economic development is experiencing Eastern Europe since the breakup of this, so we union in stopping the East catch up for the West. The three cities in eastern Europe with the best lively in the seas, Budapest, Rada Slava and Prague. Oh, gotta go to Budapest and Prague. Our fond and EU, what? I'd love to, but I will. Next year. The factor such as improved transport and communications infrastructure along with greater availability, good services, migration activities, played a part in slowly bringing the cities in line with the West. Much less desirable are states be sent by corruption and instability further into the East. Tashkent and Baku in the former Soviet public service, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan, scrum on the worst in the region, ratings of 42 and 38%. Both countries are prone to a corruption in civil unrest with the threat of petty crime, terror and lack of general amenities also playing part. East and Bolin Turkey has an unenviable livability rating of 39% in far through the recent terror attacks, including the 2003 attacks, which specifically targeted the expatriates, conversely. Oswis capital of Vienna shares joint seconds filed with Geneva Switzerland, not even New York. Both cities have a rating of 2% with their climates, a factor beyond human control is the main pitfall to live there. Athens is the least livable destination in Western Europe also suffers from climate issues. Although its infrastructure also serves to bring it down its ranking, despite this, Athens still occupies the top tier of economist intelligence units, lividlvi scale. Athens never been there. A lot of a ban air, a lot of very hairy people. Don't like the Greeks, they don't like it. I'd never say that. I don't know any Greeks. With low crime, little trepid instability, retirees and highly developed infrastructure Canada has the most livable destinations in the world. How do you like that? With the rating of just 1% is resolved with a small threat from petty crime, then covers the high ranks city of 127 surveyed, to further two Canadians cities countering in Toronto, feature in the top five with ratings of just 3% their tie. Although higher crime rates in a greater threat of tear puts US cities below those of Canada, US cities are still among the world's most livable. Things that are in Pittsburgh have joined West forests for a few years. In joint 26, prices in the global ranking, a lack of availability of recreation, activities in certain infrastructional shortfalls, port Lexington, as the least livable US city survey, Lexington, Kentucky, and 56 plays all the West region of 13% is still mighty low. See, I'm trying to find, eventually we will find the whole list here, because we will have an ice board. Without having to pay for it. Oh yeah, we don't want to do that. Although no end American city survey manages to present ideal living conditions, even though 24nd of category where extreme difficulties are faced. Although Bogotown, Columbia, 117 comes close with the rating of 49% Bogotown, like Karakas Venezuela has been subject to high probability levels of instability on rest and violence. He doesn't want to go there. No, I don't know. That experience driving them from the airport in a downtown Karakas a few years ago. Because they were a revelation without the Bible. All those little, those tin roofed huts up in the last one, Chinese, Zedians of them, all with little TV antennas on top, of course. They stuck connected. And then you get in downtown and the area is just teaming, teaming with people. So it's like we jammed with Sergeant Incan. The airport was like paramilitary atmosphere. They were all had their camouflage suits on and the whole deal. Kind of a scary. Kind of like what the US is going to be about two years. What do you mean two minutes? Two cities scored 90% and 75% of the high number of the worst it is. Due to widespread guerrilla warfare in Columbia and violent civil unrest in opposition to Venezuela's president, Hugo Chavez, come on Pat Robertson. Let's take them out. You're doing it. Which scores of 20% much of the day when you are a gray, Santiago and Chile in Venice, out of the AC in Argentina, 64th joint. Offer the best of the conditions in Latin America. That's not too good. This is largely thanks to relative efficient infrastructure and availability of goods and services. They are closely followed by US Commonwealth territory San Juan and Puerto Rico 23% ranked number 68 and San Jose and Costa Rica ranked the 70th, 24% Latin America's longest serving unbroken democracy, Costa Rica. Alongside Canada, Australia has got some of the most little places in the world. Melbourne is ranked second overall of the ratings just 2%. Perth, Abelade and city joined Zurich to Ronald and Calgary and joined fifth place with ratings of 3%. Just below this, Brisbane, and Georgia 11th. Elsewhere in the region, cities in Japan, New Zealand, Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore, Taiwan all for good standard living with a human climate spring that scores down a wee bit. Just north of Australia, however, a very different picture merges with port Norris B. Papua New Guinea, where you are turning to worst joints score of all 127 cities survey with a rating of 66%. In fact, if you go over there and just walk around the streets, they're all the same thing. I'm dying of the air. They serve from high crime rates, corruption, instability, low-failability, vendor-taymen, good-to-service services, and a dilapidated infrastructure. You've proximity of port Norris B. to Australia highlights the two tier nature of Liverpool, the Asian countries with a number of well-developed urban centers next to the countries where less favorable conditions apply. I do like that. Here's the fact that it says, hi, Abelade. How about good times for the poll? I have one of the classic themes songs that George hates like poison. I'm sure, very mention that. I don't know why. I don't hate it. I just don't like it. I love it. I love it. I hate that. It's not on here. I'm trying to write this down. It's not even on. Joey Scarborough or whatever the hell that guy's made it. Yeah. What about it? Hey, it. Yeah, that's the one. Oh. How did it start off here? What? But about the 500 times I heard it. I don't know how to say the data. Can I get you a little bit? Here, I got you a good time. You're very. Not good times? Yeah, here's a little bit. I got you a good time. Yeah, you're a good time. Yeah, you're a good time. I just want to grab that. I have a jelly roll or an extra roll. Or rock and roll. Okay, let me do the break please. All right. What the hell was that? Good time, man. It's good times my ass. That's what I heard. Yeah. That was I'm serious. I'll be good. You know, you're just not going to do it because you're hard. I don't have it. That's all I got. You don't have it? I don't. Oh, well, layman. Oh. Oh, come on. Come on. Who is that? Is that slime family? Of course. Who came again? She. Who is it? She. Oh, she. Oh, she. I don't want to hear that. No, no, no, no. She. She. No, no, no, no. She. She. No, no, no, no. She. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. Make it the way for your dad. I will remember me all the time. You have been trying to wait for so long. Good time. You've been trying to wait for so long. Good time. You've been trying to wait for so long. Good time. Good time. Hey, free. You don't need to wait for. See, let me just say this to you. Anybody who doesn't like that thing has got some kind of a problem. Well, I'll talk to those about something. You give me a son and answer about my bad taste. Even Josh would agree. That's a pretty good team song. Yeah, I was listening to my car this morning. I'm going to go over here. Not in a state. You don't like that. And STD team is going over the tier. Listen to TV teams in your car or in your home. You know, sit there with your, with your iPod. You're so need walk man. Listen to TV things. Unless you're a crazy person. You don't like that team. It's okay. It's fine. You know, he's still. He's going to buy that TV. You know, I know he knows better. One 16 and five 60 W to Q on the. Roger Scott. The federal government just learned about those people today. Under which are we citizens of the most part? He's proud of her no authority. And most of the other, but if I'm not, it's called hundreds of ones. My proud. There's no one left to blame. I said, Brownie. You're the government. She might say, Brownie. The joke will raise up and blame. There's no one. I know who's all blame George Bush. We've got a make-and-shut up before pieces. This will shoot who messed up. You can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many things. That he should do time. I was inspired to support. He's way too dumb to run the F. M.A. Some people die when he ran F.A. F.A. Now that everyone knows that you're leadership old. You can go back to your horrors shows. Today, those were public lands. Democrats criticized the fact that they're still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. You're fair. 21 past one. And of course, we're getting inundated with facts. Isn't caused about Gildi's great debut? Is worse than the Panthers last night. And I thought it wasn't about to take place outside. What is this? It's pitch black outside. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, look at that. It might be a way to relate to earlier. There wasn't much going on. But now we got Teresa and Stan. There's Sammy and Stan. My favorite do-at was it was Vecca Stan. Let me look at that national web of service radar momentarily. Let me put the emotion in the, oh gee. There's some yellows and some reds and some stuff coming. Really? You got any onion? Kind of like whipping around. Some red peppers and green peppers and yellows. Let's see what this facts is. You just sent from the Lorian Baltimore. We got a listener in Baltimore. I'm Bob Baltimore. How you like that? All right. Vory has one for the poll. How about the three studios? Yep. How about that? All right. Remember what they used to say? Yeah. I think most said that. They had their own show every Saturday morning when I was a kid. You can still find them on cable sometime if you're lucky. Also, you talked about one-to-dog earlier. I think you meant underdog. Yeah. Another facts that one-to-dog. Who's real, I've voiced was that of Lake Great. Really? I never do that. Hey. The Lake Great and the Vishrawley Cox. Hey. Who's awesome? How do I was? Who was Wally Cox? Hangin' out with a Raymond Burr? Who was it that live with Wally Cox? I don't keep track of these things. Very, very, and in the book of right, I don't. Huh? Let's see if probably. I know who it was. You'll never guess right away. I know I won't. Who was bisexual. I'm very big and fat. Okay. I'll tell you something. Fatty R. Buckle. No? Let me give you a clue. A smarter week. That's what he brings on some really. Marlin Branden. No, I'm Wally Cox. If you gave me a million guesses, that's still wouldn't have gotten it. Well, there you go. It says I still remember the WonderBobb, but used to play that was based on the underdog character. Can we, uh, render, bro? Yeah, this is the phenomenal. Are you sure? Positive. So I'm going to find out. It's right. I'm going to divide on the air in the air. Without auditioning it. Oh. Every great day answering to learn. Whoa. So women need all little notes to make their shape looks somewhat spellpain. Used to try out who's the A, but now they can't. Go out and take for a wonder, bro. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. Where was last visit about a hero? WonderBobb was trying to save his beloved pure Polly Sweetbress from the clutches of the evil Simon Bond creamy. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. Can't help you now. To tell his sweet friend. He's singing. He's singing. He's singing. He's singing. I'm calling him for... I'm calling him for... WonderBobb. WonderBobb. Holy situations, Blake. Poor Polly. Don't pop. What's in there, Bross? Does make them stick out? I'm going to go my hero. Oh, Jack's foiled again. But I'll be back. WonderBobb. This is it. That's the one you're on. He's getting away. The prime, Polly. But the villain is jerky. Your bustline is back. And your fooders are pretty. So now the world is safe for boots and wants to club up that fruit. When cleavages are must to show there's only one place you can go to. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. WonderBobb. The Saturday morning, join. Probably with those Jaymoats and his Polly buddies. A Tom Hussein. Or what I'll pack. This adventure is of a Rocky and Bowie Gull. Oh my god. TV, TV, TV, TV. Feel that you naked just about to speak. Give me that crystal ball. You freaking me got up and the roll tight at the balcony. Perhaps they pull and will help. For games a game, your one-wack doubt dude. And just like your oil, your snarling and broom. Ah, and most did you say your square off the end? Oh, you mean Rocky? Sure. He's over there. He's over there. He's over there. Oh my. Okay. What do you know about this? So they'll... Don't ask me. Ask my anti-fifty, a TV who... And the aircraft. Who's going to snag time for oils well that end well? Or kiss your cask goodbye. Hey, most. What weather forecast for today? Bowie. Uh oh. Here, Rocky and Bowie. Saturday morning on New Galonius. I'm setting who else used to be doing voices on a serious Hans Connoy. Okay. And you're saying who's there? No Hans Connoy. Even there's been dead 100 years. I'd say that. Tell me something up to that. I should know him from. Ball of the very funny guy used to be on Pan and Mime Quiz with my guy. Oh, right guy. And Hermione Gingold. You have no idea. I hear another show that some people might say it was funny, but I'm sure right now nobody works because there was any humor on this show. That's me. Oh, well. It's not a match. It's a... There were only a couple of reasons anybody watched that show. They read their obsess with Susan Day or Shirley Jones or both of them. The Arab-Suss would David Cassidy who had better hear than either one of them. And of course, so you can't imagine which one was my show. I don't think there were one thing once. No, that's true. No, and it's not like they would Danny Bonna do show. Oh, thing. Oh, careful. Now I can't say that. No. Danny Bonna. To do... To do... To she bag. Now. We can say two shows. We know in the building. We bring their own... We can go back to work with them. We've got... And it's not even 130 quite yet. It's not one... But third man. A thousand, maybe three votes. I mean, you will do 100 like it was like... Like it's just falling right down. Aren't you excited? Throw the death. In fact, if I were you and run right into Greg right now and say, I want a huge raise. We're going to have it live in a remote state. And look at you and go. It doesn't matter if I take that back. Look at you and go. Yeah. Just like that. Make no mistake about it. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8. And hold it. Put the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. Put the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. And let me go immediately inside. For our goal to the station. I got a run, me, your thing. Take the largest president. Please make sure it worked out. Make sure you look to the station. Come on, please, get the blue balloon up, get the blue balloon up. Get the blue balloon up. And let me go immediately. Oh, get the blue balloon up. You get the blue balloon up. Get this blue balloon up. Just like that. Everything's fine up there. Yeah, we had a great pool, a complete pool idea. And I wrote it down, so we're not gonna... Oh, what I wrote it earlier today. Remember what it was? Uh, what's the idea of having something like that? Oh yeah. That's it. That's good for the good for me. I gotta pretend that it's a forget so I can use it next week. You know, the precious those ideas are. That's your idea of having. I liked that a lot. And I'm actually gonna write down now on something I'm not gonna throw out. Do you think that was the problem? Because you know me, I threw all this stuff out in the garbage. It's like an a rage. Oh, this is a great song. Yeah. Speaking of soul. I'm a special like the beans part. Look at this. Look who wrote the theme from good times or maybe maybe Susan. I guess, is this who wrote it or Susan? Jim Gilstrap and... Huh? Blinky William. Jim Jaxrap. I just don't understand. I mean, hit it that chill, but I think it's a fantastic theme song. Right, yeah. Different taste. Oh, look at that huge. Oh, all that blob there's a Tammy and there's a... And there's a Tammy and there's a... And there's rain and... Oh boy. A Tammy really? A good thing, as opposed to a bad... A rabbit was also going to rob our scene. He's back in the studio with nice scenes time. A Tammy off towards the east a little bit. Take them off now. A rare drop and down to the... He's gonna... He'll just let that out. There are the storms, you know, all like a beaten in Hagridian. A more Hagrid. I go leave or start in a turn and we're starting to feel a bit of... 48 Minneapolis. And pretty soon it's gonna start giving me a little on the, you know. And then you're gonna say, I say, we told you. That's no one around stuff like that. Now, say it, but we're not drowning over here. Andy and Miami says, what about police squad with Leslie Nielsen? Well, I should've was on for about five minutes. Thereabouts don't exaggerate. It says, although it had limited number of episodes, it deleted the United Gen movies. Well, I'm sure it was very good that we recall scenes. I don't know. I mean, there was on for 30 seconds. Yeah, half a week. I think they cancel it. It's not a good show on that way. Because again, the poll question is, the funniest TV show of all time. And of course, I love Leslie Nielsen. I don't know what Canadian boy by the way, but gifts are is. Andy, Python burst after you're trying to eat gator. It's got the pictures. Oh, we've seen it. They're passing around all the time. And the picture too. Have, am you really? Yeah. Big talk in everybody's national part. There it is. Which goes to show you know the oldest question you're eyes are bigger than your stomach. When people can't finish your meal, especially kids. Oh, yeah, he's got big eyes. There's eyes are bigger than his stomach. Well, I guess the same could be said of the Python. Oh, and isn't it appropriate? We do the money Python. And what the hell is that thing about down? I don't think I did anymore. Every sperm is over there's called, right? Right. Right. I've got something to tell you all, family. It's free. Go that way, though. You're good, deep. It is. The mills close. There's no more work. Way destitute. Oh, my God. I've got no option, but to show you all for scientific experiments. Oh, no. That's the way it is, my little. They have the conflict for not liking me way. I want to know if it's a real thing. Yeah. They're the best. Money. Oh, yeah. Absolutely the best. And of course, kind of Lisa said it was a real laugh ride. That money Python playing the arc. You know, just a little bit when I bought our $7,000 designer shoes. That was our next girlfriend. I mean, boyfriend. The alligator has some foreign competition at the top of the Everglades Food chain. And the results of the struggle are horror movie messy. A 13 foot Burmese Python recently burst after apparently tried to allow a live six foot alligator hole. But also all those gators, especially their holes. The instance is heightened biologists fears that the non-native states could threaten the host of other animal species in the Everglades. It means nothing in the Everglades is safe from Python's attack down predator. Our Frank Masani, a university of Florida wildlife professor. A lot of wildlife at the University of Florida. Over the years, many Python's have been abandoned in the Everglades by pedo owners. The great evidence of the latest gator Python account of the fourth documented the past three years, which discovered in photograph, lastly, by helicopter pilot wildlife or researcher, the snake was found with the gator's hindquarters protruding from its midsection. Masani said the alligator may have clotted to Python's stomach as the snake tried to digest it. Oh, man. Getting eaten from the inside. In previous instance, the alligator won or the battle was an apparent draw. Their headwinds to help the gators can control Burmese Python's Masani. This indicates to me it's going to be an even draw. Sometimes alligator's are going to win and sometimes the Python will win. And sometimes, airfiedle might do it. It's done knowing how many Python's are competed with the thousands of alligator's in the glades. But at least 150 been captured in the past two years, Joe was a looseky, a wildlife biologist and crocodile tracker. What are you for a do for a life? I'm a crocodile tracker. Right. No. Python's could threaten many. Remember that's somebody OJ's. I'm a crocodile tracker. No. Python's could threaten many smaller species of conservationists who try to predict including other reptiles. Others, squirrels, woodstores and sparrows. Was a looseky said 10 or 25 Python could also produce a risk to unify human, especially a child. He added, I don't think this is an even threat. This is not a B afraid. B. Very afraid. Since you've reached it, it's exactly what it says here. This is not a, what? This is not a B. A. B. Very afraid. It's a very afraid. It's not. So there you go. All this is a facing arrest now. I give up. Kate Moss will be arrested as he says. The client cocaine when she returns to Britain. We've been ashamed. This is in the online sun. They've released a report for our family. A shinsh, a supermodel. Be asked to attend a police. A 10-day police station. Where should be formally arrested interviewed under caution. I have, I, you know, that's supposed to be an English language. I can't understand what those silly experts are talking about. She will attend a police station. Like attending a funeral, I guess. Right? And before my arrest, an interview under caution. So maybe the caution lights are on. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't. Any clue what that means. Does that mean he gets to have a lawyer? I've got a racist like an, an indie, you know, the caution lights. The, uh, yellow flag. Huh? It's like trying to be a little fair gay. 111 votes. This and, and who, who am I even real? I got plans for that money already. Oh, my God. We're going to have a bonus. They're going to come in here. Just tossing $100 bills in every duration. In fact, that would be surprised. It made it welcome. It was a checkbook right now and right today. And, and you're supposed to be guys a big fat one. Are we going to say it gives you both a big wet one. Hey, as a white congratulations. Did you speak to the mighty bell that we ever get those Hispanic numbers from the spring worked that I had a big for the other day? No. No. I beg for them. And I guarantee the reason being that they're really bad. We, we don't have in spite of the wishful thinking of a few of our horios out there. We have a very decreasing number. You know, the very out boldly was bad enough. And the fact that I spoke to truth that I was very bad. And these posts are suck up, you know. And then, of course, we had the alienito thing. And that was just what we're starting to mend our offensive a little bit. And that was bad. Still wasn't just, huh? And you're still a denial. You always have been. About what? About the Hispanic audience. Those that speak English anyway. They all listen. Well, you can say they all listen. But certainly they lie a lot. They don't put it down to diaries because what's the pot of time we did fairly well. But then recent years, it's especially since the little alienito. Right? We'll say 60 minutes same. Huh? We'll see. You're always telling me that you don't know anybody who listens to the show. And then on the other hand, I'm going to tell me, of course, you didn't hang out with who he was anyway. That's right. Except your relatives and who they'll want to see. See, the operative word is a hang out. Yeah. See, I know people that listen to the show. I don't have friends who do. I see. Yeah. Friends that I've had for years that it would work. It would no longer be friends after listening to the show. I have to have to really talk to them about that. This TV show of all times, sign-filled 175, all of the family 143, a big clock at a big alligator tier comes to my eye because I think it's a clock. Money, pot time flying a circus 84, South Park 79, Simpson 78, Chip Heldsrow 56, family guy 49, married with children's 45. And she has got... But turn man! This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Wasn't the game sing like Tricks Tsuk Does Bring William Day?rip that acoustic doesn't fit in everybody45, Dave Nationalson and John She's a real thing you're so good to send Man, if I'm a shock you look like one of the kids The crash, that you just know of a friend All through the city, free, full of city The people living as mother But coming to his friends is too white, they went to bed The people living as mother And the parents, she went All over the world, out of the world But his father, he's bad All of his son in his playroom And the night's been full of tears She made the movie a stupid man In our soccer cast, she said, well, they turned off She leaves her thief right on the cat's right table All through the gate, he's full of sad The people living as mother But coming to his friends is too white, they went to bed The people living as mother There's something for this lady, but he was married to Bruce Willis She's definitely tainted goods from where I said, so I can tell you No, are you? 1137 votes on a poll, then you're 12 hundred by the end of the show I'm pretty impressed, takes a lot to impress this old queen But nevertheless, that is really something And you're right, I mean, it's definitely a free job there on Sign Tell You think? Yeah, why do you say that? Because I mean, yeah, it would be in the top 10 I think Tom Jack is doing it, there you go I think Jack and his buddies over there His racetrack pals, they do it over there to come a Sentinel They're creeping it, because they like Oh, if Jack and we're doing it, she is would be away If they only got 31 Tonight's your Ajani Carson guy About 30 minutes Anyway, you're like this, hooray, from federal way, Washington Don't make a federal case out of it I have no idea where that is And having never been in the great northwest Everyone Josh comes back from Seattle, who gives us the a load-out Maybe have you ever been there before? No, really George Hans has been all over that to the neck of the woods Yes indeed, cool to get in Just a wonderful place Yes, it is Anyway, two high school boys followed goldfish at an school assembly And were punished for a stern talking to In fact, they had to get how were on the speakerphone Animal rights active is said that's not enough After worrying about the stunt late last month People for the ethical treatment of animals Oh no, there we go again with those people Tida Oh boy George federal way of public schools to adopt a district rob policy For having the use of animals in school functions Oh Cracker please We feel certain you'll agree that killing fish in the name of school spirit is unacceptable Roads in a furrow counter and officially with the Norfolk Virginia Bay Screw Well, guess what honey? Norfolk you School districts folks women die and Turner said the boys a goldfish on September 20 Apparently after processing the do so, one of them got elected as a class officer Turner said school officials elected the boys on proper behavior and called their parents They received no further discipline These are good kids who made bad decisions Turner said what they did was not appropriate was a teaching moment So Pida has to stick their nose into the public school system in the state of Washington Because some kids swallow their goldfish Oh, a lot of the people eat fish All the time across this country Yeah, and the world Every day and chickens and Geese and ducks and cows and all of these things Hello People Most people think that's that problem. We're going to get Gary Sardin One of them kosher brats extra cheesy. Next to cheesy kosher brats for Gary Sardin It's crazy, Gary. You're going to rot in hell Well, even without eating, he'll still rot in hell Investigators say here's a little follow up. We like to keep by you. Keep you abreast Lindsey low hand was one of the most boring people ever to come down the pike I mean, why anybody who is about Lindsey low hand just puzzles the hell out of me Investigators said today they don't believe that celebrity photographer's cause teenage actress Lindsey Low hand a crash from Mercedes into a delivery truck. It was not a factor. It didn't cause the action So I like how he's sure if everybody scot the age Maybe she had a collar cell phone, maybe it was the dill or Riley factor that caused a crash Maybe it was a Oh, could have been the Riley factor the hot sex factor The agency's conclusion targeted statements may by low hand representative At least the official cause of the SNP had to be determined within seconds of the crash at least two Pedographers were stepping images of the express actress witnesses be saying He said the investigation is shown that the case may be a civil matter He said a citation maybe issued for violation of the California vehicle code and infraction I'm we're totally what the action was. It was a very violent crash And when this Katherine star 50 of no or leans it was such a loud impact. It was explosive The airbags on the hands Mercedes deployed the actors and her friend opened their doors and ran to a nearby antique store Vans driver stumbled along the street was help by employees of the restaurant. When this is said the stretch of Robertson with a crash occurred is a hunt for stars Who are drawn to its boutique and e-rease. The area also dressed somebody photographer's open-step Candid photos. It was the same neighborhood for a month ago that low hand made headlines Will they celebrity photographer when he ran his car into her car for she should have a lot to accidents That actually gave rise to a special investigative task force that prosecutes criminal cases against aggressive paparazzi On May 31 police arrested Gala Ramirez 24 and suspicion of a solvival to deadly weapon and said Ramirez was attempting to photograph low hand when the collision occurred Several other paparazzi were on the scene almost immediately the photograph and videotapy distressed low hand The crash prompted a new law that imposes steep financial penalties for paparazzi who committed assaults in their pursuit of celebrity photos The measure which goes into a pectane who won was signed Friday by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and what would you rather be a paparazzi or a peasant of hunting I want to be a stalker. I'm talking about a person about the church. What's a strunt anyway Ask what's his name helped tell you ask for a sunny Santino What's the envelope? Never you still see James Khan now? Who is something that they didn't see the movie misery with the James Khan and Kathy Bates or they didn't like it I don't know why side maybe was Josh Josh did you see misery? I did not he said he's done that work and that was misery So he said he doesn't like it that's all he just doesn't like it lazy's being honest about he's not just sucking up just to be Oh, I told you what I liked about the movie and I told you what I didn't like what's in when fate done away was on top of the world On top of where you're holding no I like the message I agree with what the movie's about Who long and pondered if you didn't keep my attention obviously Now what about the speech by Ned Bady when Howard Beale was sitting at the CIT board You didn't like that scene You preached this list of people Why Because you're on television Why Where do you get that? Do I know then? Yes you do oh no Listen to me Television is not the truth So turn off your television said turn them off right in the middle of the I've chosen you Don't get so about it, Ned. What even gets to us? I don't sense deliverance up there in the woods in entry entry They sent it to find a lighthouse here today. Well, I've said it this bush mice or he's got a real tourists man He don't even know what it means They sent it to find the White House yesterday and voted to send new limits on interrogating the attendees in a back in elsewhere Under swan congresses growing concerns about reports of abuse of suspected terrorists and others in military custody 46 Republicans who had 43 Democrats and one independent in voting to define and limited interrogation techniques that U.S. troops may use against terrorism suspects So leave a sign that alarm over treatment of prisoners in the Middle East and that get no big Cuba is widespread in both parties Abu Ghara White House had fought to prevent the restrictions with vice president Cheney visiting cute Republicans in July and each folks in the estate Repeating prison bushness threat to vetoed larger bill that language is now attached to a $140 billion military spending measure How do you like that now Bertok Gonzalez you'll be torturing a quarter-moder. Oh, yeah You want to like put them all the old news. Okay. I think let me Definitely do the break because we're gonna have like close to twelve under votes today Wow and like I said maybe like 20 or 30 it might even be real Br estratg I'll catch out and play to play For the Nathu hurricane Present Bush First floor of August And an accountable push Being fine almost First Everybody play their naked Nagan naked So break into nannotan And a political fake into a fire And on naked Nagan To play And Jain To play Oh, that was a Compromptu protest To be a victim Tarr on my wing While they died in the wings We had a high race pass With a T.O.B. Old court cannot Don't put the blame on me As I come from my location Pour a photo of a T. Swing your partner round around Now build a swum into an ormage Down to the left To the right Here we go Swing a little mud No, no, see no Oh, God Clean up Life and those people Free To the person who is, and up And it is for a miracle Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Yeah Okay, so the consensus is Galby is doing the phenomenal job Isn't that what the consensus is I think so I heard from everybody, except for that That'd be nice Dutch cat Yeah, well, except And what the old is he now about hockey Anyway Every her any duck's hockey players Except maybe he's not Dutch What is named Hell-Eckies? Herolda Snaps. Oh. Anyway, 1171 votes. What's the funniest TV show while time was yesterday? I just might have time here to like read them all. The whole list. I'll tell you it was hasn't no votes so far. Happy days. The Vernon Squirrel. I'm so glad Happy Disney beginning. The Vernon Squirrel, a Slimeyle Slumazzle. You bet your life graduates from our Spenson. Dick Van Dycho. W-P-R-P and Cincinnati. Rocky and Bullwink are good times. I'll head the big. Oh! How could Rocky and Bullwink will not have any votes. Say, say, Sanford W-K-R-P? Get out. You're putting that in the same category. Rocky and Bullwink. But, you are a communist man. Right. You know, one of those who do hate your ass. All of them, man. I can be a little different than bottom up. Bottom up. As your president would say. Out of the metaphor. B-Wix-1, more commendee one night for one phrase or one. Two, for friends, not commendable. America's funniest film videos. Down from the winner show. Three, trace. I'm a genius. The Adams family. Get smart. Are you being served? Hogan's Heroes. Four, quadro. Major Mary Harman, Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman, 70 show. Rene Cobb, Show and Taxi. Five, Cinco, Cinque. The monster is what I'm grace and arrested development. Six hosts for David Letterman, Solomon Thase. So, past seven. The Ali G. Show is got says. Now what is that again? It's HBO comedy show. Is it funny? No. What are one? What are one? Oh, and the three studios have eight. Oh, and I never played no three studios. What in the United States? Oh, well. I can just play. Everybody loves Raymond Nine. Show a show says, Caesar Nine. The only thing I love said Caesar, but the only thing about him he was always very nervous. Like, in nervous guy. And you get nervous watching him. I thought that was part of his shit. No, it was not. Really? That was him. Steve Allen Show and SCTV and Kirby and Susie has my 10. Love him for life and with the Joanne Flueb and Fanny Fleg. Fanny Poflag and Joanne Poflu in the RDA Johnson and the Rowan and Martin. Benny Hill show 13, Master. Kong show 14, San Martin and 14, and loving color in the daily show of John Stewart 15 piece. Carol Burnett Show 16. I love Lucy 17, Lucy. The Honeymoon is 19, Jacky Gleason's show and served in a live 20 piece. Jeffers in 2021. Well, I'm sure, please, as fun to see that. Falky Towers 27. The tonight show with Johnny Carson here. It's not third man. Johnny. 30. Cheers 31. Cheers. Married with children 47. Family guy 50. She'll tell show 57. And he's not coming back because he just got millions of dollars. He said screw everybody, right? Pretty much. Yeah, pretty much said. Good for him. I like your guys like that. South Park 80, the Simpsons 81. By the way, man. Mighty Python's flying circus 86. All in the finesse. Again, George thinks we're being free today. You might be right because we got a very shockingly high number of votes. But who knows? See, because then if you say that it sounds like star grapes. Well, that's our about it. I like it. I'm so tired, George. You're so tired. You're so tired, George. You're so tired. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. The show. Still a battle. I'll let family 147 and sign failed. You believe it. Up 170, 8. Bye bye. Bye bye.