560W 2A represents the Neal Roger Show. To talk to Neal, dial 560W 560W 2A, Brown American Police Call, Pro-Bree, and 87775. 633. We know you've never seen a movie on the show. We know you've never seen a movie on the show. We know you've never seen a movie on the show. We know you've never seen a movie on the show. We know you've never seen a movie on the show. Roger Show, on 560W 2A and... Well, alright! What's the happy dude? She's not too bad. Yannas okay. When you get in bed with her. The minute you find she's cold when you're hot. Then you can start. Don't have for someone better than... There's a girl in the relationship with them. Hey, dude! Hey, dude! Do not force her one. Who's sadly ordered? People might have been bored if you win. The sexiest man can go hunting. You might find someone with bigger boulders. Yannas, Nanna, Nanna, Nanna, Nanna. Hey, dude! Do not force her one. Hey, dude! Hey, dude! What's your life, dude? The minute you hit the nagging star. What? The break of the park and sign your divorce papers. Then I wanted 560W 2A. I think we got a scheduled day. We don't have one actually physically on paper yet. We don't want to get too carried away in over a sport-our image. Remember, track verbal schedule. We have a verbal schedule. It is us. It is spoken. As they said back in the day, us. It is spoken. As it is written. As he spaked his throat in the rat and whatever. Anyway, bad news for his get out of the way. Two US soldiers killed four wounded and roadside vomitac in Baghdad. Although think of going sternarily well. We're fine. A roadside vomitac destroyed a US armored transport vehicle controlling South Western Baghdad. Yesterday, killing two more American soldiers wounded four others. The blast destroyed the Bradley fighting vehicle. One of the more heavily armored US military vehicles. And the other roadside vomitac in Samarajad. A joint US Iraqi patrol. Killing two Iraqi soldiers wounded one Iraqi soldier in two more Americans. As the carnage, the bloodshed goes on. And the meantime, here's bumbling, fumbling, a dufus. September the 11th. Mike helped trace the terrorist attack. Yeah, I'm not saying our new homeland security chief. Let's see what skeletons we got in this guy. So what's his name? Turdoff Tiedoff Tiedoff. Tiedoff is the new homeland security director. nominee. His energy and intellect put him at the center. Yeah, just like you, Gaby, your intellect put your right up there at the top. Pretty improvements. Especially increased information. Butcher, the butcher Washington is speaking to the world ladies and gentlemen. The man with more blood on his hands than. He's the countless challenging to sit down. Anyway, get out of our face. Get out of my show, W. We don't have to be on the only four hours. Anyway, who is the appell results? We got the amadogster. Outside of the pre-sets, state of affairs when the operations manager doesn't even know what's going on. History very jackass to find out what's going on. Goes to show you who really counts, right? There's only one close. You always talk about that inner circle. There's only one person in the inner circle. All the others are lucky on the periphery on the edges of it. Red reads inner circle. And that's little berry rhymes with Mary and fairy. And whatever else, Harry. He's at least a couple of those. Although you know, Redberry jackass. Outside of the before you before they stick your ass in the ground, you must meet Very jackass. It's just, turn your whole attitude out of life all around. You'll say, boy, the old man really knew what he was talking about when he figured this one. Well, so to speak. Where was God? Better take that call on six. So that's always a really winner. QAM, hello. And you. Yes, sir. Good morning. When we call, we only place on hold to the tonight here to show. Just in case you want to let you get out of my room. Just get your ready. Okay. Here's the facts. Now is that the regular whisper? Is that the original whisper? Because you actually, it was articulated a few more thoughts. Financial today. Huh? Yeah, it is kind of shocking. In fact, that's probably him calling right back on six again. QAM, hello. Whispering line. QAM. Yeah, that was him. Where was God when he tsunami disaster struck? I mean, we'll do that all day. They take, well, like, one call at a time. I'll never get any of this stuff going on. Wouldn't that be good? All right. Huh? I think that's a great idea. Kind of like change the format a little bit today. Not that we have a format here on QAM. And by the way, you lose you so that they're Joel fine. We're going to all I crowded whatever that is ESPN. The station with no name. Remember the song, of course, with no name? That's a station with no name. I mean, ESPN radio is not the name of a radio station. Am I right? No, it's not. No, it doesn't. So, there's a whole bunch of ESPN radio. So that means nothing. You guys lost. You lost out. We'll get to that very jackass. We finally got some good news. It would appear all the way. I haven't seen the written, the signature on a contract. The ranks might still be wet on the piece of paper. And when you deal with the beeslaze and Greg Reed, in Joyce and Carolyn Beasley, it could be like an indelible link. You know, now you sign it. There it is. And then next minute it's gone. You never heard of these. This crowd. WQAM. Hello. Talk us interruptors line. Hello. We'll speak to the man. Oh, for the man. Here we'll call him a four man. Oh, you know right now. Call him a four. Truck. See, one thing about sports talk radio. It is a boarder. But when you got to good personalities under that, keep telling you that. That's what these other losers don't understand. There's only one hankle. Berger's only one gym manager. That's it. That's what you need. And Joe Rose is very good too, which we've been lost in. But nevertheless, that's all they got. I mean, the idea that somebody's going to listen to Craig Minner Vinnie, or somebody that listens to Stoogots. We're going to learn about the stupid same crap about ball games. I mean, you people have to be crazy over there. Didn't you learn your lesson from the fan and the flan and the RFF. All out of the crap. Did you get the message? Yes. I guess send a message to Garcia and find Berger. Will you please? WQAM. Hello. I'm just stupid. I'm in the middle. Yes, sir. You know what? I'm not in the middle. The last time I checked that 90% black guy. Why do you like him? I don't think so. I think maybe 87. I like him because they're a great team and they're exciting. That's why I like him. Okay, you can look for the last guy that called idiot. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, can I get the electric parking pass with the Panther ticket? Oh, it's bigger than the Panther ticket. Did you notice about the concert? Yeah. No. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to him. He's not like a. He might actually know what a Panther is. He's not an a endangered species out there on alligator rally. Do you ever drive to the area where he's going to be? Sure. And it's a bit weird. I would drive with caution because the last seven Panthers are like out there on highway. And the Indians are still trying to. She will miss you and Roberto Lewonga, they're all up there. Half across the highway. They've got anything else to go on right now. Yeah, six, twenty this morning. I'm sorry to sleep. But I hear this out of my. Because I'm a, I'm not a lightsaber. But I'm if something happens. I guess that's a lightsaber, right? Well, something different happening. Yeah, lay in because that beat goes off on a fast machine. When something's going to perfectly. And here comes the facts. That's that well. It's way too early. I looked at clock at was six, twenty in a morning. I said, any little George facts to me. It's six, twenty in a morning. And later on when I finally got my ass out of bed around eight. I came in here. Look at it. Sticks and Kansas to perform private concert for Panther season. See holders. See all your people you thought you were buying tickets to the Panther game. This is a hockey game. Or come to find out you were buying concert tickets. And that's way. Yeah. To see sticks. And I think that's the best way. And that's the best way. And that's the best way. Yeah. To see sticks. And I like sticks and Kansas. But let's face it. I mean, it's like a little bit dated when you say. And any of the originals still. And that's probably the best way. They're trouble. Okay. I have no idea. Come sail away. Can't see. Kansas. Kansas. Kansas. And Kansas. And stick your assages. What they're saying. Well, we'll get to that. Of course, there are that many season ticket holders. But third man. So you're probably have a lot of elbow room at that concert. What's it eight for? It's on February 3rd Thursday. 730 pm. Kansas. And we'll be opening it. And then sticks. As in sticks. Where you want to stick to it. And we're getting back to that pull result. All right. I like this format today. It's just kind of inspired for this. Especially with all the psychosis that's been going on here last year. Oh, for a long time. Last seven years. Two months. Hank sounds really pumped up in a morning. Doesn't he sounds very enthusiastic about your. I guess he likes this schedule. He can go have a little couple of lunches. And then he can hit on your Hershey. How we up there to Palm Beach. Kail Club or Pompano Park. Or if he really wants to let his hair down. And it's good thing that most final of his hair down. I didn't know about a Gulf stream. And like hang out with all the jury, I'm sure they're all the people. And off to be Hank's grandparents. And the punks has got out all day. That's that that's the horse players. Great. That's the dream. When I did mornings on Zeta that one year. Many a day that I was out there at Colour. I'll plunge my guts out. Luz in my ass. Or if there's much fun is going to woodbind. Luz in my ass. But that's another story. They want to hear about that. WQAM. Hello. That's that. That's me. Yes. Okay. And whispering juniors. Another rip off. Remember the song whispering bells by the bell Vikings? Get your book of brown remember. Sure. Come go with me by the bell Vikings. Remember that. No, you don't. ABC paramount records I believe. Book of brown will validate it. Maybe that's not the right label. I wouldn't be bad. That for my image. WQAM. Hello. That guy over there wasn't me. Okay. WQAM. No. Yes. It's whispering Tuesday on QAM. Yeah. I know. I'm with something's wrong if you're internet connection. You collect the volume. Okay. Reverend Jones. Let's see. So far. Speaking of he said we cranked the volume. I think the word crank is the operative one in his call. As you today. WQAM. Hey. Thank you. I think in Howard off that thing. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for taking Howard off. WQAM. Hello. No. Do it right. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Yes. I'd like to know what I should make for Jump Kippur. Sure. Make a big duty. How's that? Okay. Here's the pull result. Where was God when these tsunamis disaster struck? 1462 votes. Probably more than that now. But who cares? Let me switch it. Okay. All right. Well, I'm quick when a couple of things. I'll show that again as we speak to him. He's adding one. The options. To an asepole? Yeah. Well, we'll get to that. Let's take your time. Now that we got to full four hours. We don't have that big rush like we used to have. Okay. The big rush is on the noon on another station. Pop in some big fat oxies. Where was God when the tsunami disaster struck with our poll yesterday? We had on about 15. And revote. God is a thing that demands creation for 112 votes. There was only. Bill God. We haven't been eight said that. God doesn't interfere with nature to 190. Tiny of the outcome of football games where God spends a lot of time. 187. I wonder if God appreciated that moon. In the Viking game by Randy Moss. We got a lot of people about that. They make considered big cimus. And they were right. It was a simulated moon. It wasn't a full moon. It was like more of like our quarter moon. He was smoking a big fat one. The Lord was 127. God caused the tsunami to punish the infail. 73. Oh, that big. It's coming back. See God's punishing me. You know what I was like. Oh, what? Who's that guy to the line where it's a God. Cause it's a punish to the infidels. I started gagging and choking. You see that God is after me now. All brother in my entremble. Do you need to. I'm looking. God was on vacation. 43. And God keeps screwing up. 22. Oh, there was literally the infidels. Pulling so many times for the first break. Oh, I think I just had a little accident in my pants. Anyway, 12 minutes after 10. This has been some day hasn't. Yes. So far started yet. No. We'll start after the first break. Huh? We'll start the real show. No, no, I don't think we'll ever start. I think we want to hear all these whisperers today. This is perfect. We need a little something little divergent pervering after this psychotic crap that's been going on here. And believe me, none of it is contrived. We don't have to contrived any psychotic crap when you're working at the Beesley and QAmen Greg Replace. Believe you me. 12 minutes after 10 at 5. 60. Here's the schedule for today. I'll wait. I'll have it. Now it's the same as yesterday. And Gilles got to show back at 7 and 10. I think that's true. You know, IRS tax problems have away. Arunic all aspects of your life. They take it to a lot of you financially. Physically and emotionally. You can never really forget about those IRS problems. They come back every morning when you wake up while your fashion machine is going off. CPH-e-me-buckwell to the buck wall tax formal help and your IRS problems forever. Bring me back peace of mind. That's why other top CPH law firms are further clients to the buck wall tax firm when they have problems with the old IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Suppose you have an IRS lien, Wades, Levy, O.P. Roll taxes and penalties. Want to settle for thousands less than your own need time to pay whatever you're a deal. The buck wall tax firm can have fiat. Call for free initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees and immediate relief about sooner from IRS harassment or harassment or robbery like to say it. It's a pain in the ass. Best of all you ever have to even meet with the IRS because the buck wall tax from handles all those meetings and discussions you even have to show up. So, calling today and getting that IRS monkey off your back call 954-575-82800. That's 954-575-800 where the $10,000 million of whatever in between IRS taxes, the buck wall tax firm can help you out. If you have a good time, you can go to the website for your free consultation or visit a monowikidwebid IRSfeedin.com and stop worrying about the IRS not can now met front door. Here's that number one more time for the West Coast. 954-575-8800. The House, Tension, Mirror Rogers, Mortings and Leeds, and worse on well-known<|th|> to Vice Secretary of State. View, God! Good morning Americans, it's Paul Harveev, standby for news. We're Alpenned, now we're both patients and a mental hospital. One day while they were walking past the hospital swimming pool, Ralph suddenly jumped into the deep end. He sang to the bottom of the pool and stayed there. Edna promptly jumped and just saved him. She swam to the bottom and pulled Ralph out. When the head nurse became aware of Edna's heroic act, she immediately ordered her to be discharged from the hospital as she now considered her to be mentally stable. Once she went to tell Edna the news, she said, Edna, I have good news in that news. The good news is you're being discharged since you were able to rationally respond to a crisis by jumping in and saving the life of another patient. The bad news is Ralph, the patient you saved, hung himself right after you saved him with his bathroom belt in the bathroom. I am sorry to say he is dead. Edna replied he didn't hang himself. I put him there to dry. Paul Harveev. Good day. Actually, like that one, let's get it. That is cute. You're just like that. 1017 at 560, WQ, we're going to break all records today. We're going to take 45,000 calls and probably I'll be from the same three people too. That's right. Also far it's been that. Anyway, Vanessa Kelly is our beauty currently today. Pretty good picture too, as matter fact, we'll have a decent bazoon with us there. He was born February 20. What about that picture from John Stewart book? John. I emailed it. So I'm sorry. I emailed it. I emailed it. I emailed it. I emailed it. We could put it up. We could put it up. We could put it up. Yeah. This is a good picture from John Stewart book. I've been there for a while. Just one more reason to take a puket. Vanessa Kelly is behind the beauty curtain. The new director of online security, and he released the nominee is Michael Chirtoff. Sounds a little foolish to me. I don't know. Although he looked like it is really spy. I don't know who this guy is. Vanessa Kelly born February 25, 1974 in Sydney, Australia. She was in at S Club 7. I believe. Right. I guess that was seen because she was in S Club 7 in New Zealand. Oh, no, maybe she wasn't. I see. As the obsession. Maybe she's not a member of the group. I don't know. Anyway, she looks okay. Former member of the pop group, Deep Obsession. I see. So in other words, they were in a movie with S Club 7, which you don't want to see. I'm going to say. So they're all. Oh, let's see. She was in one movie. We signed that. My old poepian and a non-chema. Okay. Little Italiano. TZP. Very poorly spoken by me, by the way. That was a TV series. It was on for about five minutes. And that was yeah. But anyway, she looks pretty good. Nobody knows who she is. They've taken a look in your probably wanted. They had to be decirited today. So we got Michael Chirtoff at the Homeland Security. Maybe. All depending on how many skeletons he's got. And we got Vanessa Kelly on the big curtain. What's not to like. Now the big news of course is the big news. All right. So tune in yesterday, expecting you get finally to get this soap opera ending here to get our lot of our ducks in a row, we'll try to keep using that term. And there we go again. I'll be for we do that though. The poll today. And you're telling me you had a bunch more names on this? No, not a bunch more. We were just adding the ones you submitted. Josh, does that? You know. Oh, really? Yeah. Eric doesn't even do that. No. Oh, man. Here's the poll today. Other than the existed joke, Eric. Don't call here. Whatever. We don't get so hot. I can't start emailing. You. Whoa. What do you pick it on me? Just a joke relax. You do a fine job, Eric. You to man. Okay. Whatever. Don't be tipping out the SUV over again, please. If you sit a little more closer to the middle. Yeah. He probably like it was listing off to one side wherever he was driving. Right. I was listing off to the left. Other than the deal. Because I don't want to put myself on here because that's like self agrandizing. Oh, we all love now. I don't even worry that anyway. Huh? You're everybody's favorite tag. At least in this audience. Oh, I see. Well, that's why I'm not putting it on there. Other than the old who's your favorite all-time favorite game music TV movie or radio personality, gay, by or suspected. See, this because we've put somebody down listed. It doesn't mean it's a necessarily gay or by or even have the right equipment to do aimed at. Like, have illusions. Just a theory. Or suspected. Right. Now, the right there are rumors. You know, rumors go around. Here's the list we got so far. Because I switched to pulled a little while ago. I switched it. Elton John doesn't. Now, ordinarily, I would have voted for Miss Elton John, but she's got to be such a bitchy queen lately. I did not vote for Elton John. Hey, like that. You did, though. No, I didn't. She's got a dozen. Paul Lens got seven. Kevin Spacey four. Now, let's see. Kevin one day he's in one day. He's out. Nice day's not too sure. Right? Right. He's like, uh, go to lunch, George. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? No. LND generates three, which I despise her like poison man. She's not fine. She's not attractive. She's just, uh, just a pain in the ass. Dike. There's just won't go away. They're just, he tried to force us, uh, her on our center with that's all about the committee. Tom Bruce, crews three. Now, of course, he denies it both. Siftersly. Although he is a Scientologist. Oh, probably should have put John revolt on here too. And just because some, uh, some of these people might be married and have 75 kids or whatever, that doesn't get him off the hook even for all the time. Say, what don't even know who the father is really. Tom Cruise, uh, three. Charles Nelson Riley's got a pair. He's still alive, right? Farther, no. Charles, maybe. Yeah. You all get out here. My one to check that out. Pretty sure he's still a carry grant to Anthony Perkins to Raymond Burhead a pair. Uh, uh, and then Gorvid Al's guy. But that's my vote for Gorvid Al. Ricky Martin, one Leo to Caprio, one just rumors. James A. Bullock, one James Dean, one. Then we got also one of the list Alice Randell, Norma Kent, Montgomery Cliff, Sigfried, the fishbacher, uh, his partner. Roll. Corn, we're doing so much better. So they say Erica Strada and Salmonio. See this crowd, they would know Salmonio from, uh, Salva Barber, right? Right. Who'd have remember Salmonio? He was, uh, he was good buddies with James Dean, though. And he was also in the same movie, Rebel with all the cause. Remember that? Did you see that? I was in the back as I did. Was weak. And back as was good. He was the voice of Mr. McGo. He was on I'mary Joan for those other real, with the hearts out there like me. So when you get to be all like me and you can remember all this good stuff and everybody says, What does that man talking about? Right. Who can? Who can? Moving in the past with all this arcane of crap. That's back in the day when things were really, uh, I don't know. I think if you saw those shows right now, you'd say, Who would watch this crap? Although you can't see him right? They're all these nice, right? The channels on there, TV, right? Right. Other whole bunch of channels like that. Nick and Nick Oloodyan, which most of those shows you wouldn't give a nickel for. Look at the calls on here, man. This is at least what, eight or nine. Now for each one of them will call a thousand times today. And they probably will. I'll tell you what we're going to do. I'm going to tell you what we're going to do. I'm going to tell you what we're going to do. How many of you are going to do? Charles and also Rally is still alive. Charles, I told you. She's still, uh, pumping on that pipe. W to Q a n, hello. Q a n. There you go. Good morning. When is he as? I'll probably be the only guy. But I'm from Washington. But I'm not poor. I would have to vote for David Blooddory. Oh, David Blooddory. He's just dying. Yeah. Yeah. He just died. And the other thing I wanted just two things I wanted to say. Number one. We lost the underwear stadium. And number two is just a station management at any sense. They put the ratings leader on in the morning. Yeah, come on. Six to ten. All right. Georgia that's. I turned it down. They wanted me to do mornings. And they offered me a crap load of money to do it. And I said, no, no, I'm not getting up for 30 more and to do morning drive. Okay. I don't want to do mornings ever again. I, in fact, I never will do mornings for any amount of money. I'm also about to pay me like 50 million that I do for about three weeks. Right? Yeah. Sounds like a deal. I'm not going to do it. There's no chance to do it. Plus Hank sounds very happy. And that's sloppy seems really chipper and awaken alive. Oh, I got to go by the facts that's hard to read. So I won't pass it. That's his one. Errol Flynn. Oh, Errol Flynn definitely. He was a gay blade. A real swishbucker, swashbucker. Errol Flynn. So I get out of no, Danny K. We could put Danny K runs with. Because it was no doubt about that. And you know, which rhymes with Danny K and gay. Sir Lawrence Olivier. Hey, hey, what do you say? That, in fact, that was supposedly the duo there was all in. Oh, I'm not going to. Oh, I'm not for you. See a lot of these are obscure to this audience. Tab Hunter. He was supposedly Tony Perkins, a boyfriend. Right? Tab Hunter. Even though, of course, he still alive any of the knives. Was there any doubt about Tab Hunter? Man, he was a real life. He was pretty. Back in the day. He used to be in Westerns. You probably see them in some movies. I see them around. Didn't want to be. He was also a couple movies where ran around almost naked the home movie. What? Tab Hunter? Yeah. Or that story? I don't know. Maybe you're just looming some. I don't know. But that's not too good George. George is talking about gay porn now. I got it. I want to see it. Huh? Huh? Because it's always screaming. Your a faggot is going to be called in for sure now. See, we know it all along. George finally had led it slip. Maybe George has wearing a slip. What do you care? Mind your own business. It's fake. Twenty seven past ten. He used to be real pretty tab Hunter man. He was pretty pretty weak to. He was really pretty big at so I'm here. He ripped off from sunny James. He couldn't sing a lick. He could lick it but he sure couldn't sing it. Remember that? Young love on dot records. Sunny James had the big hit on capital. Where am I coming up with all this crap. Oh, no. There's just rum. And we haven't even got to very jackass yet. It's already time for the 1026 30 break. You people over there at ESPN radio. Nice try. But guess what? The board goes back not a match. I told you that that was concentration right. Right. With Hugh Downs and then our James. Constipation. somebody else was on that show later on but I forget who the hell that was see the more recent it is the more you just erase out your memory the old ancient stuff that was a good stuff yeah I'm telling you I know because the passage of time makes it now still just I think it was so great and then of course like places you go back oh brother like Detroit all the Detroit was pretty exciting and great until they decided to burn the city down since then has more with a cramp 27 after 10 at 5 60 WKM and you shop for quality footwear great selection professional service on beatable prices let me say it again on beatable prices there's only one choose to that out of pop in your mind as brandy shoes and pop it'll be you know why I take a chance with your feet because if you don't wear the right shoes if you have to write signs the perfect fit it's bad for your main you're gonna know it no time at all at brandy's the sales holes know your feet inside and off they'll make damn sure you get a perfect fit every time they got the top quality names to choose from like rock ports floor shine SAS very timid naturalizer all of this and with brandy's humongous selection chances are you'll ever hear sorry mister or man we don't have that style in your size it's on a shelf ready to slide find your fat feet right now brandy's is open daily every day the week Monday through Saturday 9 in the aim to line p.m. Sunday's 10 to 5 and you'll find brandy's at 12 90 north that will highway in pompino beach always well worth the trip and right now is a great time to buy naturalizers at brandy's this week can take 10 bucks off and all great women's styles so be sure to make a special pit stop of brandy's this week or even buy on a web from at brandy'su's.com daddy you can't do these well there as it's the client is that we're blown away here with a worker for sugar for good the more hot the week of minute there's gotta be some kind of mistake what are you talking about are you sure for sugar and then we thought another part of you you're a dad state and that's what you're not watching you to press on you look at what the man's wait a minute is when the TTA I'm a truthful woman you're both different from what I expected but I'm a tate it's all be fine you're a little bit of a new chatty you know she sounds just like that product and that toy art turd bit and she's a little bit I think it's her I think that's the turtle lady that's a turd time I heard that 1031 at 5 60 W.M. so here's a fact for our pool today I'm sure that there probably some other days that we omitted like some of the people I know but he ever heard of from queer rye for the uh foodie guy yeah so I don't watch any of those shows because it's so demeaning it's just like what they do to blacks in his fan experience in the minority group they take the most outrageous stereotypes and they put all these flaming screaming queens on there oh yeah well pretty obvious that these people are uh yay oh no Ian McCellen the story whether it comes to us about the spelling the fact you did but not that bad the second it's an Ian not Ian through your benefit okay I want to put it on here you know who that is I do sir Ian McCellen's been scrolling audiences for more than 40 years I'm both stage in screen he's one more than 40 major in national acting awards for his performances Gandal again ball the grain the lord the rings the tellership of the ring McCellen one of a screen actor his guild ward is a best supporting actor was nominated for an Oscar since then he started on Broadway in uh dance of death and filmed X man two as once again magneto the master magnetism magneto for the telefilm Rasputin which he looks a lot like Rasputin to me McCellen was nominated for an Emmy and won the Golden Globe Award of the recent films include Gods and Monsters Act pupil and Richard the Tird his many stage performances and now legendary out there whatever hey he's a fact I guess I didn't know that did you know he's a fact yeah he brings his dates to the award ceremonies and he's very very out really his solo shows acting Shakespeare and a night out have been acclaimed throughout the world so I guess he's very much out Ian McCellen and also what about Wilford Brimley Wilford Brimley yeah I know I did I know I know yeah well one of those guys it's either hammer some it looks like I really must ask looks like Teddy Roosevelt without it I pretty sure I think that's the one I've got in confused with somebody I know I do I don't know let me before let's see here's the fact his Gorby dollars the greatest flag well that's my vote absolutely correct since he's already in lost how about chief crazy horse no how about Leonardo da Vinci we already got Leonardo da Caprio what about Da Vinci there you go it's not even when the song's artist teach you scientist and better genius Da Vinci let's put him on there what do you say or it can't all vote for Leo da Caprio Leonardo da Vinci and what about Alexander the Great sure gay don't get the grease upset for what they all in fact if you get the grease upset they'll bend right down give you a Randy moss they'll shoot to the old moon did you know that well now you do here's a fact that says from a chronic factor you are the greatest Neil but can you believe these idiots that are you working for still writing the advertising of you and Howard Stern of Orange of course we can he's no longer on the station and we're still writing those I'll tell you who's the sugar in the wood politics next that little I told about him clearance he's not doing anything is he there today even where is this where is this schedule of parents why do we have all these regions and promos for a Howard Stern which he's been on ceremony is like dumped off the radio station huh what what's that is that like to rub it into the stern fan that he's not on anymore like he's branded promos you know how to pissed off the audience and one easy lesson okay here's the good news to kind of please the audience I think the majority I'm sure that positive because yesterday I was listening to man it's I even like taped a rant tape on some of the show because I thought I thought we get the big news through whatever you want cool yeah okay there was a little bit of it uh uh and come to find out I was so depressing you know to see this place is like when you work for QM we're like a manic the presser would no ups only downs and I thought well sure enough we finally got to straighten out remember when they changed their schedule the second time and we had Moad 2 2 2 4 which nothing is perfect well don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't to say what they finally got the paperwork done it got the deal signed they took all that crap out of there they were trying to force him to sign because last week there's the infradio is as good as a done deal this is the same as my deal with them they try to grasp the feet from the jaws of victory every chance they get and this one looks like the whole deal is done and everything is safe and we move on with life all in all they screw it up they they they have a way we have days and they do so anyway I have two a minute for a clock after definitely missing most of them all and come to find out well he's still deciding I'm gonna decide the night he said and they've been dittling around with him so this morning first thing I go to the Hill website and who you know automatically he's gonna have the answer to it Puggie very jackass managed in WQM reach deal is the headline in the sports section right like that former dolphins tight end there are a lot of people used to be a tight end Jim managed agreed Monday and had to do a 4 to 7 P. and we they talked you on QAM agreed last night see was true to his word he waited till last night he evaluated he calculated he said that often is a given a hope but not an assurance to remain on the radio analyst even if the team makes it's expected moved to 790 s p and radio the station would know name the ESPN station which offered managed a one to 4 P. and we they show likely will oppose having a QM announcement as dolphins booth and probably will seek major concessions whether the dolphins will be willing to grant those concessions to keep managed on the broadcast remains to be seen the issue likely will be addressed shortly in other words stay tuned to bury because that's only place to find out the rest of us we know nothing i have a contract with the fence for the next two years have been told by the team you are a guy said marriage was built with an offends radio analyst for 13 seasons if a contract between Jim managed in the dolphins isn't good than what contract is he asked don't get me started if the man did 790 issue can up he resolved the teams options will be the reverse course late in the process and stay with QAM or more likely pay off the last two years of manages contract to which he'd probably say right as much as he enjoys being on those games if he can get paid the last two years without lift in a finger probably wouldn't mind at all you think who would man it said i told it offends i will step aside if i become a problem in negotiations man it said he accepted the QM offer instead of 790's primarily because of the hours a one to 4 p m show blue and enormous hole in my day said manage who had been doing two to four for QAM it would have been on i would have been unable to accommodate my construction business obligations money was so close is not to be a factor dolphins play by play an answer how our david's contract with the team has expired just like his musk red it's expired and seven i likely would oppose his hiring two because he is now the two to four p m weekday host on QAM see that's a stupid on their part three stupid yeah i'll go to the mad dog one i mean oh yeah don't go fan of games i mean he's no uh... rickweaver but then again who is right for you see what i'm saying i mean if they had mad dog if they kept in my games and kept a continuity there and uh... we would be there benefit but it's all spite it sounds like it all we're gonna do this or we're gonna kick your ass now you're not in a kick in anybody's ass dual you're you're in a lot of land or how much money you got the sports sports nerds are a dime a dozen all these little stout gots and all these are little parents is all these little one of these sports people downy bees you would have his in it's like an assembly line like they punch about on assembly line little boy sports nerd wannabes you know the kind i'm talking about no i don't yet you do next to god so we've had eighty million stugas is in that place now he once in a while guy like her is comes along who's got some talent who eventually will have his own show eventually will like go somewhere in the business and then other than that you got people like he brought around pretending on these make police stations like stugas is a good and i'm not a bad guy right good guy and if i didn't rickweaver said you used to play that song about uh... not on john weiner that i do it's not about a family that i'd write it with our top of the was on about that more on john weiner but anyway they just aren't the abringing so we got had go over a red man dot locked up and we got uh... guilty which not those carcass we got more to the foredo the dot the dot the dot i wish you would just like enough a little bit that's all i stand uh... the stuff this morning which you were probably he's dropping as right here uh... we need to go back to those days you know when there is a little more levity in there which uh... i don't know if he can do that because he's a very serious guy with a centaurian portion on everything is like very loud loud kind of like he's screaming at you the more mister he was just lighten up a little bit maybe a couple of shades of be good thank you very much i appreciate that you're welcome nice to charge so that's the deal here's the line up as i see it all here's why how could we forget her George Michael oh hold on to the lead of outside out of mind George Michael now appearing in a tea room close by you and original on your right so what we got on there so far here's the line up as we pencil it and hang uh... more land of alzagiri see out of sight out of mind also five to seven in the morning and for the really early bird crowd these supreme court pictures that behind the beat occurred good lot of reasons to look at our website today we got the naked supreme court justice at least uh... contrive we got the beat of curtain with an us uh... red grave Vanessa Kelly and we got red Kelly nick of behind that which is really exciting other than the ill who's your all-time favorite gay personality okay i want to read all that other stuff what do we got we got uh... a lot now we got 120 three boats elders on 26 Paul in twenty Kevin spacey thirteen who's a great actor marlin brando eight an even greater actor Tom Cruze eight lnd generat six Ian McClulence five already James Gavebola five carry grand five Raymond Verify Charles Nelson Riley four Anthony Perkins three Leo Alienard of inchy two gorgon al two my comical two and just small potatoes we're just getting this and i was going to be such a project in the beginning i thought you know like i said yesterday when the guy facts that in said that's a good poll idea just another be a lot of names on there because most people are and a classic and that's a nice job that's sand and josh did there i got to check that out in a very job that you think it did there okay that's one of the very make up a wallpaper are you nineteen four eleven five sixty one became the line up is uh... let's see we're tended to more hard day to the form gym matters four to seven Steve geldy geldstein seven ten eighty k ten two in a morning sporting news radio to two five and we start over and that's the now we got it and maybe turns out get off his lazy skinny ass and i'll find a get around to do it like a putting it in print and getting those stupid ass promos those erroneous promos off the air about how it's during show and all the stuff that we have an ounce in season was a baby get with it clarits okay do some work quick sit around out with the the beast in your lap and do some work for a change hey the main man Anthony Kelly and what acceptance capital mortgage says it's time for new years resolutions like most americans pay off your credit cards lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash and investing in renaissance date are on the top of your list when it out pull it out soft lord is one of the hottest real estate markets in the u.s. so like heaps so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates the main man's new years resolution is to give it back to the community so this year they partnered with kids in distress with the track record at twenty five years of helping over five thousand abused in the glitched children each year acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan of this great cause with six kids of his own the main man knows how important being a parent is so forget about calling anybody else call the main man Anthony Kelly and eight eight eight four eight three loan that's one eight eight eight four eight three loan or go to the main man dot com and you can tell you application right online call them today one triple eight four eight three loans eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight the motion picture meet the fuckers made a hundred and sixty three million dollars in just twelve days so we're getting ready to do another one we basically just rewritten the first two movies with the same old jokes since no one seems to notice and we're calling it meet the fuckers friends the whole cast returns with the addition of parents help them is free to fucker and burn Troyer a Cindy Loufucker the smallest fucker then get ready for some exciting news next year on another fucker first as we present meet the fuckers friends friends we've signed Harvey fire scene to play gay Uncle Flipfucker and former New Jersey Governor Jim McReebe to play his husband Fred Fucker don't miss the whole area when flipping Fred Bucker fall face first into a fiery firecracker fire flater okay they're fuckers that things really get funny when mother fucker catches the boys making gay love on the fucker front porch right we're gonna pretty much know fuckers for all they were bust you'll hear all the same jokes like I have mipples great can you milk me and I'm gonna take you down take you down to China's uh meet the blockers friends and meet the blockers friends friends coming soon do a fucker theater near you okay here's the fact is I love the music of Queens so I have to put in my vote for Fred to re-murkey we have to we uh forget or I won't tell you my vote no and somebody says Nathan Lane how about Lewis Lane she was a a dyke oh no she wasn't a dyke it was what's his name Fred he Olson Jimmy Olson for the ISO what does his name he's still alive I believe about 175 years old anyway Nathan Lane you get that we got it so I looked for that fantastic picture the Supreme Court justice is on there from the John Stuart book that Josh's work favorously to get on there and you're both tell me how great it is the only problem is it's not there because it'd be the curtain all the media curtain that's right there's no to do me we can't especially we look at all boy sorry sorry Mr. the bader Ginsburg fuzzy yeah she got giant cans okay there's Vanessa Kelly looks pretty good there's an account of what you see still there this one of these were gonna have to scroll down eight times yeah yeah yeah get to what some fun for you to do oh god there's Anna and there's Anna again oh here we go oh oh yeah I mean about clarifying exaggerating this is the all-time best best wow look at that I did I didn't know William Hung was a member of the Supreme Court look at that no one of that's really has got such a big mouth and suitor boy suitor man oh man he makes me feel proud what that was that I think that's in any and rank waste it looks like he's got the wrong gender organ there I don't want to say the v-word but that yeah well whatever that is that's a beautiful thing there's the Supreme Court justice and that's why Walmart won't put the John Stuart book in its stores and that's why Mississippi uh libraries took it out of the library because it's got that one page in there with that very amusing and historically funny picture of the Supreme Missile of the Doctor never less it's still still still okay in our book in anybody's book oh you can't do that as flash from us how many years ago did Gorbidell write myren where he used the names of organs instead of the Supreme Court justices for heaving towels and that's robbing rencoist all the and this is where this is all ripped off from that idea although done this is well it's not better 560 560 pound 560 on the Verizon singular rattle lines WQA and hello yeah I have one for the sagorous please yes blue christie blue christie yeah man okay let's get around there right away two a little blue christie okay so love blue christie's music sure live without him so much there's music right and we like him christie i just ratcheting your pants to face it yeah i think we will use you thrive on that hard piece our birthday can arena for the man he needs having to agree with somehow don't see bright better as we are following Portland Angela five and we can use my thumb there's no basketball better all on strike let's start the place down and in terms of what you're being done before we lose our ass take that hand up and i like that that's fine why don't you here say hi haha I was a lot of him kept his heavy abuse of his patients. We like him. Rock Hudson, how could we have forgotten Rock Hudson's his bride and papa to be chamman us? How to say that, am I? Oh, but our neighbors, chamman neighbors, and what about Wally Cox? He was Mr. Peepers. Who? He used to be on Hollywood Squares. Oh, we call Wally Cox. Nurti, little guy with glass glasses, right? He used to be Marlin Brando's roommate. Do you know that? Nope. Wally, here you go. So we got Wally Cox, we got Jim neighbors, who else did you just say? Rock Hudson. Rock Hudson? Oh, this list. I can't believe this list. It's growing like crazy. So many facts and so little time. Like they say in the clan. Okay, here's a little liner. It says, what's for the two in Van right now? The shelf station. I'm sure in the street just twice of I. Ninety five, right? Well, we're used to work over there. Remember those days? I do. Cars are a good buddy with a parking spot to watch his name. Jack Mark. Jack Mark. I think he's still dead. That'll teach you. X Mark the spot where that the park is by used to be Jack. What a jerk. Used to give us crap because we parked in his parking spot in a parking area. It was plenty of parking. Anybody could park where they want. But oh, no, we had to have his own Mark parking spot. And if you're married, if you're parking is this spot, well, God, the help you. So I can tell you. Stop by to pick up a movie past of watch coach Cartered night at the Riegel Oakwood Plaza. So look for the Q&Van right now. The shelf station. Anybody knows where that is? It's a right kitty corner that big water tower. Isn't it? Yes, it is. And D.K. Very good. Anyway, it'll be there until the passes and movie passes there, God. Watch coach Carter. What's that all about it? The Riegel Oakwood Plaza. What's coach Carter? Led by Jimmy Carter, Billy Carter. I think it's about high school basketball. Aaron Carter, Nick Carter. They have a Samuel Jackson. Chris Carter, right? Jimmy Carter. I just got through saying, I'm sorry. Rosalind Carter. And what was the era of daughters name? But retarder, look at him. Jew? No. No, June Carter. Yeah. June Carter, can't. She's dead and so Johnny, I'll be damned. So what was the daughter's name? Jimmy Carter and Rosalind and that's physically here. Really? Like, huh? Amy. Amy Carter, very good. How about Amy, uh, simple, but first. So anyway this morning, you know, they're whole of the leaf stuff. They're all related anyway. It's all the same family. It's just one big family. Sticks and cans. It's how much is this before. But it's so overwhelming. It's so ridiculous. You know, see the people I bought the hockey tickets. We paid to see hockey. Not to watch a bunch of old washed out. Whatever is left that goes. Rock, Rock, Bands. I don't want to pee on your parade because it's certainly want to promote hockey, but this has nothing to do with hockey. Doesn't. No. This is called Baton's Swish is what it is. And a fan of the chair, a slam the door and jazz So fan has been sent and safe at all in gold for the baby leaves. There you go. The baby leaves. See, it's way may not have the big leaves, but we got the baby leaves. Anyway, legendary rock fans, Sticks and cans, is what hold a magnificent evening of entertainment exclusively for Florida, Panther season, see holders. How many are there? Not third man. Sweet holders, corporate sponsors. WCI communities, private club members, whatever that is. Have no idea what that is. And VIP guests at the office, right there, set a depot, center. And evening with Sticks, schedule for Thursday, February the third, Kansas will be the opening actually to begin at 730 PM. And if you're a Panther season ticket owner, our very exclusive, small group, then I'm sure you've already got this facts or an email or on your doorstep somewhere. We have a spectacular evening of entertainment, and a lot of entertainment, and exclusively for our most valued fans and partners. My most valued friend, Bluke. Chief operating officer Michael Duermark said, we wanted to pay tribute to them with a special private night, and thank them for their tremendous support. I wonder if they're going to, that includes the cardboard cutouts they're going to put the stands to, like the Knight Gary of Batman showed up. And they pretended they had 16,000 people for the Bruins game, winners about 9,000 in the house. Now, let's put get some cardboard fans in the stands, Michael. Six and Kansas are two renowned rock fans who provide our guests with a great evening to remember. We're proud to offer this unique opportunity for your charge to all our locked in season sea holders and supporters. As opposed to locked out as far as a hockey is concerned. And to be honest with you, the way the Panthers have played last few seasons, Stix and Kansas sounds like it upgrade to me. Probably what I'm saying. Yeah. Even if it's just a shadow of the former fan, with both very good groups. No, let's think about that. Sure. So it's office depot centers home to work than 165 events annually in the Panthers hockey club if they ever decide to play again in the NHL. Stix, the owners have got the players who got to protect the owners because they can't control themselves. They're out of control. Don't let the spend so much. Make a salary cap because otherwise, we're going to go crazy. Speaking of stadiums, wait till we get to that story about the pro player. No more PP Park. Are you familiar with this? No. As Wayne. See, I guess he's trying to let go back to the day when we're supposed to have a blockbuster park. Remember that? Sure. All that pine is sky. And Wayne was going to build us. There's he was going to do that. And of course, he sold all his blockbuster stock. He went on TV. Too early with a crocodile. Here's a bunch of jokes up in gag. And then I got only a couple of billion dollars over here. And now from all my stock. The interesting part of that is that even after he got out of blockbuster, it still sucks. Right? Right. So you can't blame but the Wayne for that one. You blame for a lot of other crap. A doubling for blockbuster being butt-said. A censoring, right wing, super moralizing video chain that put a lot of mom and pop people out of business. A lot of good people are trying to like provide you with a service. And the mean time they like to censor the movies, which is unacceptable. Don't ever buy. If you want to see an unexpergated version of like a controversial movie, don't buy it at shockbuster because the odds are, it'll probably be like, expregated. Have you seen the new commercials? No. Supposedly. I don't know if you've seen it. It says that there's no more late things. Right. No, they're no more late things. So what happens like you could just keep the movie? Yeah, forever. Okay. Right. Just hang on. Just have a spide. Until they start calling you and you know putting pipe bombs in your mailbox. Just, but they just like, oh, if you need it extra couple days, go ahead. So. Yeah, but I'm sure that that's, you know, a little exaggeration. I'm sure if you kept it for more than a week, they'd come and break your legs. You kidding me. We want them to be back, you bastard. I think like a little senator benevolent. Maybe that means they started to get some real good competition from some of these individual video stories. Wouldn't that be great? That would be. Yeah. Because blockbuster. Nobody likes blockbuster. I mean, there are people who are forced to go there because they don't have any like other neighborhood video store, but the idea that anybody wants to shop there is ludicrous. That would be like saying, oh, we want to shop at like, when did you see, you know? Oh. Why? Huh? Nothing. So you think that there are any such people really exist? No. I mean, they are the beef people. So what's your beef? You know what this means? It means it really ruts. It's the restaurant. It's the restaurant. It's the restaurant. It's the restaurant. This is the Neil Roger show. This is a brain. Any questions? And now we take you back to New Year's Eve in Times Square for highlights of Philan-host Regis Filvins Performance. 10 p.m. Regis says how about those own hacks? 10-26 p.m. Regis says I just kick it off on those own hacks. 10-26 p.m. Commercial break. 10-41 p.m. Regis said hey, actually have you seen the on hacks? 10-46 p.m. Commercial break. 10-57 p.m. Regis says thank you Lenny Krattitz. I only wish you could see these amazing on hacks. This has to everywhere. 11-43 p.m. Regis says. 5-43 p.m. Regis says I just want those on hacks. Happy New Year everybody. Get yourself on the on-chat for the New Year. Great. Think I speak for Saul. When I say get better soon, big card. And how about those on hacks? This facts here just since being an orphan. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. This facts here just since being an orphan. But man, this is the best. Message. 8-linking. Chester 8-Arthur. Tanor in the morning. All while 100 DJs, 1975-2001. 8-linking and Chester 8-Arthur. While 100 DJs. Did I know that? Did I? Did I? Nobody knows what that is. I thought he's talking about 8-linking and Chester Alan Arthur. But nevertheless. I mean, this was 8-linking was ugly with that big mole there. Although I haven't heard that. Bill Tanor, we ought to put her on there. And I'll tell you who else we left off. I was part of his punishment. The weather for him channel 7-Miss Kamal is not allowed to be on there. It's part of the punishment to court included along with the five years minimum. It is no, no pools. Oh, you know, I got this story about the preacher. I got that. I'll get to it. I'm way ahead of you. I don't miss too much. 5-6-705-60. Let's get a Zidian calls on it. I'm just in kind of a wild and zany mood. Based on those first couple of calls. You don't have to whisper. You can actually speak up if you want. Or not as the case may be. Whatever makes you feel better. Tell that it's for it. Tell me what you're doing. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. How about Marvin Brando and Robert Cruper and can I have a stick to it? Oh, if I've told you once, I've told you three-eye times, about that Robert Cruper. Now we don't need him. My kind don't need him. We got enough of baggage. We got Bob Cooenst, you know, to the other way. other. I'll tell you this new this Michael Chertoff was the new nominee by El Presidente by Dufus to be the Homeland Security. He looks in fact looking at him right there. There is one obvious reason the president made this. He looks like a terrorist to me. The name does. Maybe the top of the money. If I saw him on a plane that I was sitting on, I would run right off. I'd get a run through the jail. I'd just take my plans right. He looks dangerous. I think he's maybe he's good friends with Bush's Saudi buddies. Maybe he's one of that crap. I don't know who he is, but I know I don't want any WQAM hello. WQAM hello. QAM. Oh hey Neil how are you doing? Okay. Uh, you have Graham Chapman on the list. Graham Chapman I just- Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Because. And what's your uh, take on the uh, Sabinera? That's all I got. That's so far so good. Okay. Bye Neil. Yeah, good. Yeah. The next Sabinera man, the one's that era was the pressing, but so far the Sabinera has been unblemished. Isn't it? That's right. The Sabinera source saying they've even changed the name of the ballpark. Let's see, blockbuster has no lay fees. They just charge the total amount on your credit card after 10 or so days. It says, oh yeah, that voice from the third video is one of the sites. She has a show on comedy central and my favorite deck is Alicia Keys and favorite flag Ricky Williams. Good pass. Do not put Ricky Williams on there. Okay. Although there are rumors. Yeah. I didn't know by Alicia. Well, Alicia Keys. I don't know. I mean, if somebody says it, then it's a rumor right off the bat. But not Ricky Williams. For Ricky's got enough. He's got enough problems already. Now heavy baggage to hear about. We keep hearing it all the time. And the first it might be something to it. But he's got 85 shorter by 85 different women. Well, I don't think that proves anything, but another the only thing it proves he gets around is that he likes to spread it around. Vernon says, dealing with no lay fees with blockbuster. They want to give you two to three extra days. Then they charge the total fee for the movie. Well, I see. So in other words, after two to three days, if you don't bring it back, they just charge the whole, what will cost you by the movie. When you return the movie, they take the charge for the movie off. But then they charge your $10 dollar a $10 dollar restock fee. I found this out last week when I try to return a movie to blockbuster. There you're. Thanks, Vernon. Can you give me your song today? And keep it as long as you want. But guess what, flow charge your $45,000. And we'll let put lean on your house and lean on you. Go with her. Lean on me. Remember that? I do. I do. Sorry. I think it's depressing. The Bobby Goldsbroker, certain artists. So he's a very pressing song. Bobby Goldsbroker. Everybody was always dying. And you know, oh, she was so wonderful. But now she's dead. And honey, she was real sweetheart. Now she's dead. Kind of like Robert Blake will be singing that song. I would think. 48 votes for Elton John Paul Lenn 33 famous flags. Your favorite Kevin Spacey 20, Ellen DeGeneres 15, Tom Cruise 12. It's only a rumor Tommy. We don't believe it. Oh, we do. I'm Arlin Brando, 11 who was notoriously into anything that moved. Men, women, you name it. Leonardo DeVinci 10. Raymond Vernein, Kerry Grant 7, Ian McFullin 6, Gorbachele 6, Charles Nelson Riley. She's got six. See, now that Quixero is on to a property of any more. We don't see Charles Nelson Riley much. I'll let you watch in the game to a channel. Which he did. Matt's game shows. What you do? Yeah, absolutely. In fact, I can put on here right now. If you want to hear it, see it. What's on right now? V. Is what I want. Oh, there's match game. Look at that. Do you hear the building? Oh, they're in a break. But when you come back from the break, maybe Charles Nelson Riley will be on this. If that happens, I'm going to say I'm going to the track. Let's play along. But would not be great, though? It would be. My psychic powers would show me who to out those with time the show is on there. It just happens to be on right now, match game. Jean Rayboro beyond there. He's still dead. Come to find out who is a real bastard. What everybody said, that course. I'm never meant to. Do you mean him? No. No. Right. Right. Jean Rayboro is right. Right. That's the matching. Rayboro is like one of the same. Jean Rayboro is like nothing's called a business. The like other Jean Rayboro is like. I'm not on the hand. Oh, we don't get to the bench. We just hope it's not like to say. See the gate shows for me to say another Jean Rayboro is like. That's one show, thank goodness. I don't think they ever tried to bring Greg to me. Not to my knowledge. Uh, well, what we watched was a, you know, it bring back. It came back. Remember there was that game. No, no, I understand that. I was a different, with a different host. No. No. Different sad and the whole thing like that. It was family feud. I mean, these different incarnations of family feud are enough to make you big for which you doesn't back, even in his sonility. It is just tragic is what it is. Anyway, Elton John 49, Paul M. 35, current space E20, L. N. D. Generate 15, Marlon Brando, a dozen times cruise, probably a lot of eventually 10 women were nine children. Some were late to regret eight. In Recolon six, Gorbid Al six, James Day, Bullock five, that's said. Oh, this is, you know what? I just made a liar out of my special. Oh, this is a, uh, a leader and leader. We do. You can vote for score by playing against the clock. We'll use classic sets and plants to coast. Oh, Christine. But you know, who's in the effort right here? Clare matchups. All right. She was we think is about. I'm not surprised if you agree. You get $50. The 30. I never even saw this. Oh, I didn't know they we made. No, steel blank. Steel mill, steel magnoyas. Steel magnolia. Match. Mount blank. Mount up, Mount Rushmore. Mount Rushmore. No, this. Pop blank. Pop chart, pop music. Pop music. Match. French, French, French, French, Cuff. French toast. Match. Lean blank. Lean ground beef. Lean on me. Lean on me. Lean on me. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. My, my, my. Man, you believe that? What do they ask you that? What if I put you? I'm telling a lot of men. I was in the time. Okay. That's the reason. I'm telling you. I think you're the best. Yeah. Yeah. I made it. Okay. John, reading the read. Dude, this nerdy host man. He, no, Jim. I'm like Charles. No, come on. Marshall, what was going to happen? How do you like that? This is a day that will live in intimate man. This is one of the most remarkable days of my life. Can you believe that? And lean on me. Totally. I just mentioned that in passing. These people don't believe me about my psychic prowess. Right? We believe it. No, yeah. Come in to QA and hello. Bill Widdlers line. Hello. Hello. Charles Nelson Riley show. Hello. Neil, thank you. That's me. Hey, Neil, how you doing? No. Neil, I got one for you. And I got just for, from my wife. She loves Wendy's, but I heard things. Boy, he ran like a vin was listening. Yeah. That was really great. How many QA and hello? William the foe. William the foe is gay. William the foe is gay. William the foe is gay. William, William, I know. William, I know. William, I know. I know. I know. He's great actor. He's gay. I know I did. Yeah, I think he is. Yeah, I've heard it. Let's spread the rumor. Well, if these are just, you know, like a poll says either by gay or suspected by a person. A lot of suspects in the naked city. I'll tell you that right now. Just like freaking Carl's out there to reception desk. I suspect that one. No. Oh, I suspected. Could be wrong. WQM, hello. Good afternoon Neil. You have to be the only one who your palies a myth, Eric, a strata. Is on there. And your old buddy, Bill Couser. Bill Couser was gay. You should know you should know. You should know. I don't know. I think so. And to see this goes back, this must be one of those race track nerds. My old buddy, Bill Couser. Some of these people are absolutely insane. Of all the people I've known in my life, few were more head of a sexual and Bill Couser. And George. WQM, hello. Bill. Yeah, I'll be full. A van per hour. WQM, hello. I'm a hallmoh. WQM. I'll walk them up at 30, man. WQM, hello. Yep. Yep. Yep. I got a name for your poll. Uh-huh. Dale, learn hard. Dale, Erhard is gay. Well, let's go. We got the name, the intimidator. Hey. Right. Oh, God. Oh, I got one for a speaking of Romer. In fact, that would everyone talk about it for this guy. Let me give you a little musical clue, okay? That's right. All those rumors, just Gordon. Just rumors you understand. Hevely and denial. I'll give you another one at there. I've been a lot of rumors about it. Oh, I got another one at Sachs' rumor. That's a fact. Can I give you a little clue on this one also? Okay. And a little right away, who it is? That's the funny tune. Oh, double a lead. Stone bell, Louise. Why do you think they call him Louise? From it, it's after 11 at 5.60. WQM, your fag station for the Millennium. You are listening to Neil Roger Gis. Who's his lead? I'm five six. Who's all gone? Roger's guy. And now, the show, let's be antidote to those liberal, media distortions of our government. It's the West Texas Wing. Congratulations on reelection Mr. President. Yes sir, congratulations on your reelection. Well, thank you. Dick, and thank you, Condy. I feel good about the next four years. Since a change in the air, good times are a hit for everybody. And it starts with one question. What's that Mr. President? Dick, do I finally get to run? The country. No, I'm serious. We come back next time. We're a fair enough balance. Come cashless. You can serve it if you have our government in action. Only on the West Texas Wing. My coach here at office, a bushing's nominee to be the next online security chief. He looks to me like a really dangerous guy. Looks like a terrorist in waiting. He don't look like one of us on take of that. Do you know what I mean by that? No. He don't look a miracle in here. Oh, I see. A Republican here, but was able to engage some of this fact. See, I had heard that. This is from the observer. Some ages, number 19, 2004, so just a couple of weeks ago. It says that his news guarantee to make many Republicans score on most Abraham Lincoln founder of the party, now seeking a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage in America. Actually, gay himself. A new book published next month, certainly things so let's put a Blinken on there. What do you say, Josh? Okay. The intimate world of Abe Lincoln by CIA trip provides evidence that one of America's greatest presence had a long term relationship with a youthful friend, Josh was speed and shared his bed with David Derexon, captain of his body guards. Tip, a former researcher of for sex-sized Alfred Kinsey, an influential gay writer, includes a size by many of Lincoln's close friends. He was not very fond of girls as he seemed to me, instead of mother Sarah Bush-Lickner once told a friend. It also includes a diary, except by a one-up or class Washington woman who wrote of Derexon, there was a bucktail soldier here devoted to the president drives with him, and when Mrs. Ella's not home-sleeved with him, what stuff? Well, some of these guy would take up that spot in the bay, right? Right, once he looney anyway? Oh yeah, a few little, well, maybe there was a reason for it. Put the bullet like that. I will change it to play. Scholars have long debated Lincoln sexuality. As early as the 1920s were making veiled references to his relationship with speed, Joshua however, critics say that the pioneer days men sleeping together in rough circumstances was not uncommon. Now, I don't know if I'm right about Wilford Bremly. Is it either him or somebody who, no, Wil, Wil, Wil, Greer, is that who it was? Grandpa Walton. Yeah, Wil, Greer. Not Wilford Bremly. That's why we always gay. Yeah, Wil, Greer. Wow. Is that his name? Wil, Greer. Wil, Greer, and Wil, uh, apparently queer. Wil, a vera. He's dead though, isn't he? He's gotta be. Well, look it up, do a little Googler. Josh, Wil, Greer. Oh, he's a Wilford Bremly. No, he's not on a Wilford Bremly. No, I don't want him, yeah. Well, that's maybe a couple of minutes. Well, that don't, I don't, I'd say the same person. You're test strip, you're land sets. Whether you're in threat, that's Wilford Bremly. I think he's the, uh, diabetes testing strip things. That's not the one. It was Wil, Greer. Well, we have Wilford Bremly on or not. Yeah, he's on there. We'll take him off. He's a little medic care. And you're in sure. Yeah. Well, he may not, he may not be gay, but he sure is a pain in the ass with those damn testing strip spots. Oh, Wilford. Well, that would be a better. Now, trippers discovered letters between Lincoln and speed, which supposedly be Tree A deep intimacy. How do you like that? But trips book really breaks new ground. It's exhaustive portrayal many of Lincoln's possible gate lovers, including one man who said Lincoln's Thies were as perfect as a human being could be. I'm that as Thies look because the rest of him was pretty nasty. Make nobody's stake. Abe Lincoln was gay said professor Scott Thompson from a Fletcher school of long diplomacy at Tufts University. But David Donald, never trusted God with two first names. David Donald, a Harvard professor in the Spankard Lincoln Buggler has disputed trips findings in his own book. We are Lincoln men published last year and says there is no definitive proof of Lincoln having a first with any men. We don't have any like seen in samples. There's this stuff in the prove it. But it's rumored. That's good enough for the pool. Let's see. Can you please put Morrissey on the list? Is it on the list? Yeah. It is. Yeah. Now, here's a fact from some disgr gulfan out there. I can't imagine why. See, the pants are people, but they're giving you concerts. You want hockey, they're giving you concerts. You want to competitive team. They're giving you concerts. The dolphin fans, they want a competitive team. A playoff team. A superball contender before they croaked. And where do they get to get to new a new name and a new remake at the ballpark? George, not our George, but George for the G says, Shamalima Dingdong. Shamalima Dingdong. Pro player is now dolphin stadium. Dear Wayne, why not just call the dump name for sales stadium until the next Enron ponies up the cage. Warmer guards George. Yeah, they couldn't find another sucker. I mean, another reliant to put the name on there. And it's been pro player, which has been out of business for how many years now. Not third man. So they just kept it that way. But now Wayne is he's doing it. Maybe he's going to make up for Schluckluster Park. Dolphin Zoner Wayne, a highs in your put a new name on his 17 year old stadium yesterday. And might apply a new face to the facility that could cost nearly half a billion dollars over the next six years. And a good news is you folks aren't going to have to pay for it. Like that. All right. Pro player stadium is no more. Well, that's enough to make me want to play a bit when you think I think it's safe. Oh, the sign that gives you safe to robbing with darkness. And now they're calling it. So player guard calls you to the loom. Say it's time for a change. Say the rules are you happy shall I say your under way. And no one of we is allowed in there. So you'll have a fun checking out so far. My difference why you down. I can guess I can't. Up. When the game is over tight. Best like my good and alone. Back around. Over my goal team now. Now you can see a lot more at the game. Since everybody here's on dress full of fame. And you can look around. To see what hangin down. This is paradise now. I never realize that the food in one day will be glad. If I got you that the football field. The robbing is done. Wow. How a pity for. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is a child that's brought on their first. I'm just full. I'm a rapper. I'm full. Check that. I want to go. I want to go. Well, how you like. What's that? I ain't in a to the football ball game. And that's the new team that got under women. The Portuguese are stared at the fun zone of football. At their kind of ball. I never realized that the food in one day will be glad. If I'm talking to the football field. The robbing is done. And now it's easy for. They call it easy. Hard. Hard play. Hard. Hard play. Hard play. How about Oscar Wild for our list? Oh yeah. That's wild with an E on the end. Just for those who don't spell too well. Oscar Wild. Anyway, pro player stadium is no more. Heisen has said an out team name changed to dolphin stadium. That changes the most modest and a project that could eventually transform the stadium into a complex. It boasts a roof and attracts more world-class events to sound forward or housing to say. Well, if I had a roof, then why would he want to kick the marlins out, right? Right? Why would the taxpayers have to pull me up millions and millions to build the marlins estate? If he's going to put a roof on the PP park. Well, it's the hit to him by two thousand. Huh? Never mind, keep it. Go ahead. Go ahead. Do as the deal at the marlins. I was going to say they're involved in. What does that mean? Like, you know how the construct works. Like the marlins get screwed because basically they only get, oh no, the money from the Scott box is going to the debt service on the street. I know that. They don't get the Scott. They advertising money. That's why they're, of course, being the hard ass that he is. He won't work the deal with the marlins, which he could have he wanted. Do but since he doesn't own him anymore. And he doesn't care about them. Screw them. He wants it out. Oh, you, T. The catch for taxpayers, he's saying there isn't any. The he's saying the family will pay for all of this. And you know exactly what it says here? All of these things. Excellent. Really? Yeah, that's what he said. He's starting to steal a mom material. Now, during the news conference, that's it. Off and training facility yesterday. We will not ask the city to county the state for any money. It'll all be funded by the housing of family. All of these things. That's what he said. He loves his show. Tizing estimates the first two faces of a three-phase project could cost approximately $425 million. It's a food news score boards. We model in the club level seats and suites improving roads and pedestrian access to the stadium. And we look at the offense business or offices to the stadium. The stadium, which opened in 1987. I remember watching and build that stadium from the sixth floor of Carter Raystrak. When my gay friend Bill Carter and I used to go to the track all the time. The stadium, which opened in 87 cost, reported $115 million to build. Adding a third phase that might include retail shops, even a hotel, plus factory and potential construction delays and overruns. Could conservatively push the project's cost past 500 million. But don't worry about it. Wayne's paying for all of these. All of these things. What a guy, huh? Do we like him anymore? And we did before? No. No. We don't like your way. And I say, we, I'm talking about the community. A permanent or retractable river would come in the project's second stage. His budgeted between 125 million. The roof is clearly something high as you go once. I know there are a lot of people are going to say, wait a second. This is Florida. We like being outside in Solani said, I think if you want to bring in world-class events, which have a big impact on South Florida, like the orange bull to Super Bowl, you can bring in many of these events. If you're bringing in 10 events that each have any economic impact of 100 million, you've just brought a billion dollars to South Florida. I personally favor a roof on the building. The timing on all the changes, housing invisions, will be partially determined by the Florida Marlins, released the stadium during baseball season. Hising has said to be fair to the Marlins. You might have to wait for you for a month before changing the signs from a peep park to Dolphin Stadium. The Marlins also will have to determine how long it will take before the major construction portion of the project can begin. That's because the team, the longer the team occupies this stadium, the longer the changes will take the club's least runs to 2010. And then after that, Wayne said, bye-bye. To do this could take five six years in longer the Marlins don't really write away Hising you said. And Hising believes the baseball team will leave soon. He says because that's what the Marlins told him. We're assuming that in the next, I'm guessing now let's say three years they will probably be out of the stadium. He said that we can start on phase two. In other words, don't let the door hit you in the SNA way out. The Marlins didn't seem upset by Hising his plans. We're just a tenant Marlin present David Samson said. It's a great place to play base. Well, we're thankful for the opportunity until we're not a lot of plenty longer. Samson said the name change doesn't hurt the Marlins at all. After the Marlins could come out of Hising his stadium in three years. Samson said, we're trying to get built a new stadium for the Marlins as soon as possible. Wayne is made a clear from day one. He's looking forward to the time when Dolphin Stadium has no baseball. And I think back again the first main disprocaster that often gave him. I never forget that. When he had the audacity to criticize the fact that where the pitcher's mound was that the turf was crappy and growtask and running back, couldn't run and Wayne open up the door during a break. You better get your flash straight before you start talking about that. Remember that? I do. I do like that. And now all of a sudden, like, well, the Marlins are messing up my stadium and get their loud. When in doubt, get their loud. You're just a cramogene old fart, Wayne. And you know, talk of a good game. You promise everybody to moon with green shoes on up, but then when it comes to time to deliver. And then when you occasionally do deliver just by accident, like the Marlins went in the first world series in 87. Then he likes you and the family everybody's throat. Don't care about the fans. I'm an entrepreneur for the money. I'm a businessman. I'm an entrepreneur. You fancy him like that. Little raspberry. You know how light that raspberry was? Three weeks. Joy's my family raspberry. 27 after 11 at 5. 60 WCM, we got Howard Mohour David at a two. We got Jim Mad Dog Manage. He's under contract baby. It's science seal delivered maybe four to seven to seven to seven to the kid ten. So I guess, guilty is like the weak link, the weakest link. Maybe Mrs. Robinson could slap the child. Hey, did you learn less than 50 grand last year? If your answer is, well, then time for a career change. Pick up that phone and call our friends at fast train and get you a real job and some real cash that goes along with it. Just make that easy call. 866 fast train. By a friend can have you trained already for that new high pain career. It is short of time as four months fast train offers high demand high pay career training. If you like computers, if it's auto becoming a computer network professional, call fast train toll free. 1-866 fast train. The demand for computer professionals is in all time high. And fast train can have you trained already for your new career like I said in just four easy months. And with locations all over town is bounded. We wonder by where you live there in Kendall Miami for loaded on even for seedless Pember Pines fast train offers job placement and financially for those who qualify to. They evening and weekend classes forming waiting for your right now. So hop on a bad wagon and get yourself a career and some real cash that goes along with it. How fast train today 1-866 fast train. Sure listen to the new Rogers excurses. That's right in game. And now through an interpreter another message from Osama Vin Laden. Happy New Year. Hey, what are we just should have a set up or something? Or something? Under New Year's Rocking Eve broadcast. I love this a big time show. That's a really silly chip. But he was all sitting in the clock. Anyway, I flip over to VMTs. I know you're a show. We're losing the low and more than a 10-year-to-one of my radiators for a month or so. Anyway, I think I'd like to see another year. But I'm having trouble sleeping. My uncle, my home at Ali, Ali, Ali, Ali, Ali, Ali, Ali, Ali. God's me read the read-right script. But they're not helping you. You're a simple person. You're a white noise of my diaries as machines would allow me to sleep. But no. But no. But maybe I'll try wearing socks to bed. I heard somewhere that's supposed to help. I heard a nice day season. My two half cousins and I went to see Mark and meet the fathers on New Year's day. Not as good as the first peddle of a f*** some laughs. What did he know to sell? Drop an email, Boba, or two barberskrish in. And what's happening? Starting to look like an Ewok. I'm not flying up for now. I have to get ready for my bi-wee-tee bath. It's a little trippy. So try to travel light. I must be my child. But one of those babies first got adoption to a stage f***ing to a sink. Or shama, or shama out. 27-0. And 5-60. We're going to get like a printed schedule to like verifier. We are as very nice. Now putting up the program for QM over here. So I guess our program director isn't as a component as very jackass, which is quite an indictment if he asks me. Of course Robert Reed from the Brady bunch says this one facts. We forget. And why do they rumored although yet to be proven? Well, if we're going to just put rumored athletes on there about triacmon. Right? And put a Maggif car C. It says any football player that takes his poodles to the day's bath or day of pampering can't be flying straight. Is what it says. Yeah, I'm going to go with Jeff Garcia. Well, a lot about triacmon. Okay, that works too. I'm just saying Jeff Garcia is one. He's a little light there, I can tell. How do you know that? This is a noom talk. Oh no. So you can tell by somebody how they talk. Well, I'm going to go with you. Yeah. Like getting your birthday. I don't think we can play this one anymore, can we? Uh. Let's go. Yeah, they say behind it brown eye. Everything is anything we're talking about. I think they say behind it brown eye. How about a fan Morrison gets you a little brown eye girl? Uh huh. Throw it that. I mean, ever see a girl that didn't have a brown eye? Yeah, that's better fact. Really? Yes. This one for the side of it. Hey. Not always. We're in the squad of back. It's lonely. No, no. Oh, he likes receiveers that are wild. See, don't be so far. Some people say that no parade is gamey. Yeah. They say, try loves to pick brown eye. Hey, we can. You go stand on this easy man. How are we doing so far? Is this okay? It's guys he likes, and please make man. He loves to slap cowboys on every eye. Welcome. He's got a spot, a spell, a petition. A marathon steam is floating out. But it's all game to our friends and people say. Yeah. Yeah. In the hurdle he goes down. Oh, right. Hey, come here. He goes down as he's a man. I can't suppose to squeeze a bit. Don't let him cause he likes it from the eye. Well, how do you like that always, guys? Yeah, we just did it. We can play that. There's one more we can play. What's that? How many can we play? Not 30 bits out of the 75,000 we got. Although it does mention the old brown. A couple of times, but there are a lot of brown eyes. Brown eye, I guess. Right? Somebody here says the gay decorator Christopher Lowell of course, I believe him. And will it sky? Never heard that one before. Not all the weather for ease. I don't think it was. What about Jack Poor Kramer? Yeah, I guess he is on TV, isn't she? Sure is. Okay, Jack Poor Kramer. I don't know Jack was out. Oh, she's not. Too bad. She is now. She's got a lot. Oh, yeah. How do I talk about? Huh? It's just like, put it around a little bit. Like to get out there in space and travel the very, all the planets. You know, Saturn, Mars, Mercury, Uranus, Fred says, he's going to look at the new dolphin development with his own money. All of these things. But what a way and will not tell you is that he will issue stock in the new dolphin corporation and screw the public as he's had in the past with other stock issues. Even a like Republican or Republican industry is an automation. Is that what you talking about things like. Oh, all of these things. All of these things. Here's the fact we're getting Lincoln and sent on course liberal arts. Yes, why I've played the little drop in there. Haven't played that in the long time. I bet you forgot all about that. It's a matter of fact. I did all they seeing you. Everything. I'd slide in the game. Remember that? Right? I do. I'm not liberal arts. Even though he did not move course. Let's see a couple more here. Oh, no, come on. This is bad. That's not right. Roland's. That's bullcraft. I don't buy that. These people think every weather guy is a weather furry. Next, I'll be telling you, don't. Is, you know, we don't buy it. Well, they're a little bit of pattern here locally. Has it really? A weather pattern. Well, what about Todd Tungen? Is he a weather guy? I don't know what he does in channels and all of he loves it. It's show time to see which is really annoying. Yeah. I don't put it. Don't put it. I mean, suspected means like really netto's one person says, you know, Louis Giri, channel 7 News and deco drive widely rumored. Okay. And of course, the fact that we're on channel 7, oh, I got another one. If we're going to do channel 7 people on there. How about Craig Stevens? Okay. And how about Brian Andrews? Okay. Huh? Okay. I'll tell you one thing. When you're talking sex with Brian Andrews. Or that's talking about women. How about that? Oh, wow. That was special. I get a lot of abluckin' factions here. Those are lincoln motor. Huh? About abluckin' testimonials? Yeah. People actually did them. Or the other way around. Lincoln was very fine of Woody and quite often ride ball stories. You may have them having anal references. When a friend wants to exist in each should collect his stories and publish them in a book form, Lincoln replied he could not for such a book with stink like a thousand Pribies. He said, wow. Another trip rediscovered is this. Now is this Linda Trip or this other trip? He is a trip. And she with a new nose ears. A lot of telly who's really incredibly ugly. Who do I see last night? She's got a new, oh, who is it? Ever-fri. No. Nicole Kidman. Do you know how he ever seen her close up lately? Yeah. Well, she's had how many nose jobs. About third of me. That looks like Michael Jackson. She has really become grotesque. Yes. She's a good actress. I like some of the stuff he's been in. Occasionally she's a good actress. Not always. But once in a while she's in some really good. But she's starting to get a really nasty looking. And she's evidently trying to prevent, you know, the advance of whatever age does to you. Yeah. And you said to reverse the fact she's like 75,000 nose jobs. Okay. I've just mentioned that in passing. I don't want to like, you're not a big Nicole Kidman fan in. No. She was only adequate. Like fine. Yeah. In other words, she's a good boy. Oh, she is really. Man, you talk about me. Be afraid. Yeah. Oh. I'd say you want to. In fact, Scott Peterson. I'm glad, and glad they're going to like put his ass away. But see, did they ever have the, they haven't had that yet, right on the, given the gas or what? They have that, but they have agreed to give them gas. No. I know they haven't given me that. And that's right. See all these good things have to do with the deals. They had a certain thing. That's right. They said definitely give them the gas. And I think just a little more on bad taste. I think that's good enough. Twenty-till noon at five, 60 W. I'm sure Ramblon here. I don't know what else going on these last couple of days. And I'm also having to get like my voice and training for the four hours, which is not good. The timing of this is especially good because these scratchy, flummy, you know, this thing. At this time, he would allow him into the inside and the artificial heat. He gets to that scratchy throat syndrome and talking for four hours. I think it's like a lot, like about three hours too much. Hey, the main man Anthony Calliando would accept this capital mortgage says it's time for New Year's Resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards, lower your debt cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash, investing in real estate are on the top of a lot of people's list. South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US. So why keep so much equity in your house or pay those high interest rates? The main man's New Year's Resolution is to give back to the community. This year they partnered with Kids in Distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000 abusing the Glecid Children each and every year, acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause. With six kids of his own, the main man knows how important being a parent is. So forget about calling anybody else called the main man Anthony Calliando at 1-3-8-4-8-3 loan. Or you can go to the main man comment, so like a replication right on the web online. Call him today 1-3-8-4-8-3-L-O-A-N. Now, we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in the morning and we're in from our revolution for you just thetorch the first layer of the game in the past it had you been worse with the dumb pulsator you're guilty of each use and are you getting sick of well and grace anything is wrong here factors step to step just what's with jams Good but in my duty blue, where both will you n' is already canceled Don't drop past me smiling, there are so many CFS New spin off every night, forget that spirit house Why should king of queen? Don't lie, check, fill me up Many 911 shirts, but leave down, make me a crown So never need both for a showdown No hand order can be a father now The square eyes both will dance you The petalies shall adjust their life That's been built to nice I got some more that we left off for a couple of nights Okay, but about all of you Newton John Okay, right? So get some votes and what about something that won't get any votes but Huh? Right, I'm down No man, don't No, no man No, no, no Can't believe you I'm a good runner I'm a good partner, we did not put Rosio down line And Bill and Fort Lauderdand, a better pay closer with tension Okay, Miss Camale is part of her punishment Is not allowed to be on any more pools For least five years, they're still running in sign of her He is transcended like Michael Jackson So they're forget about that Bill and Fort Lauderdand, you slip in lightly Okay, how did you pretty good run there for a couple of days? Let's see how about stroke victim Luther Vandross And also what says could you play Sunni or later? I can't stop singing that tune even if I can't understand what the F-Vokers saying very girl It is my girl I'll see you down there Well, I put the original ones back in there again because unfortunately I think the like you're going better I didn't post it No I'll be very good I'll be very good Please don't think that I'll take that black post you two egg them all Short meat Whoa man Isn't the Sunni is flying? Subscribe soon Coooty on their their The sun is floating Come Joseph Now leave the Sunni Lauderdand The Sunni is lying We're just too weak Although it kidss with those I can'tANNA I cannot kidding I'm a little bit closer to the closer side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side I'm a little bit closer to the side When we're doing the things We're going to believe we are We're going to believe we're going with it We're going with it I don't care you anymore I don't care you anymore But you're asleep righte to this I worry you better stay I don't care you better stay My dear, don't care you and my future This ain't running you go away Okay, both of them said her name. We're glad you're here. What's the name of the night? We're glad you're here. So many of you are the best. We're glad you're here. All right, we're glad you're here. We're glad you're here. We're glad you're here. We're glad you're here. We're glad you're here. We're glad you're here. We're glad you're here. It's 1149, 11 till noon. I noticed there's some names been left off here. And of course, there were a lot of pressure on Josh here today. But let's get the list complete as we can. Okay, Earl, Flynn, I don't see you on here. Do you see him? Nope. No. Danny K. Do we see Danny K on there? I do. Do you? I see Earl Flynn. He's got five to over there. Earl Flynn? Oh, he's out. He's on there. Like I said, Josh, he's doing a hell of a job. But I don't see his floor on Salivier. A. Rolls with G. Get him on there. He was Danny K's boyfriend, a legs. All these things are released. Here's a picture that I can't make out because of the bad facts. But I have seen it before anyway. Kary Grant and Randolph Scott. We got Kary Grant on it. Randolph Scott. Nobody in this audience will know who that is. We go and put him on it. Randolph Scott. Another round. Okay. Skig and since we're putting shocks on here too, which isn't asked in the question, but who cares? Bill Tilden. Who name his tennis player back. I think in the 30s. And his whole tennis career was one of the greatest ever. But his tennis career was destroyed. He was like having sex with a 15 year old boy. Something like that. He was kind of like, well, man, we're going to say, he's kind of like, now, how old was that kid that Miss Kamal thought he was meeting 13, 14, for real? Oh. Anyway. Elton John 66, Paul in 44. That's pretty good for Paul in because other than Hollywood's squares in V. Witched. What would anybody remember him for? And this, you know, in today's crowd, right? Right. What else was he in? I mean, he was on Broadway plays. Nobody remembers those by my birdie. Really? Paul in? Yeah. I don't know. What else would he be known for? Hollywood squares. I mean, he thinks little guest appearances like that, another reminder of things. Nice thing. What did now? What's said that we've got about to be witched? What is that thing? They're dead. Oh, is that it? Just they are. Now, see, mention in there. They're dead. I think he is. So hold our castes dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. Fun nicely dead. This month's company has dead. This morning, tick your can the other dead too. And it's great to play. For everyone's taking, under an absolute, they're dead. They're dead. Like Dornale's dead, all dead. They're dead. All dead. Yes, Father, to be dead. It's not for Adam and Cazzo's. But we're working on that too. So stay tuned and they will be dead soon. And that's it, York, but the other dick, there was a big sergeant. He was a gay. No, but that's not a gay. I don't remember. Well, he was. So didn't have like a gay reporter or anything for the rest of us, you know, not that we would have cared? No, this was like on Harabbo. He came out. I guess he got age or something like that. And then he was waning. He came on the year and like, fester, and all of a sudden. Kevin Spacey 29. Tom Cruise 24 is widely rumored Tom. Okay, now, of course, none of us really believe that. Do we? Yes. Leonardo da Vincioi, a Da Vinci 18, Ellen de Genrewood 17. Oh, boy, I feel so bad for you people. Well, what is it that you like about her? Can she sing? Is she funny? No, can she act? No, she hot? No, but other than that, she's dynamite. She's a dick. Marlon Brando 15, Terry Grant 13, Raymond Burle 11, Trold Nelson Riley 10, Nathan Lane 9, Garve and Al Nine, Ian McCallon 8. Look at that, you put them on their twice you liked them so much. So he's got 14, you put it all together. What is that all about? Oops. Oh, I see. We spell that we gave you a choice. We spell one with an A and one with an A. We got the Canadian version, one with an A. James Dave Bullocks says, Rock Hudson and George Michael Arrow, Flynn five. Oscar Wilde four, Ablicken four, William de Foe four, Tony Perkins four, Danny Kane, Norma Kent, Montgomery Clif, Ricky Martin, Leo de Caprio James Dean, Salman, Ewe Chav three, Jeff Gordon's got a pair, Graham Chapman two, Bill Tanner's got a pair. What? Tom Deloise one, Ryan Norcross one, Jim neighbors one, Alexander the Gay one, Alice Rantell one, Sixth Street Fish Foccus got one, which is really going to piss off his buddy. Oh, he didn't have any. Erica Strotta one and the others don't have any. Ryan Andrews, Craig Stevens, Libra. Well, I love the way that Josh Bell, Libra, Watchy, wait till you take a look at this, you will pee in your pants. I, B, E, R, A, C, H, I, that must be the Italian version. Yeah. C, H, I, A, C, E, A, C, E, A, C, E, L, I, B, E, R, A, C, E, Libra, A, S, OK, not a Libra, oh brother. Christopher Lowell, Troy, Magiec, Garcia, Walicost, Luke Christie, Tevin, Roy, Horan, have the big go for it. Did we put Oscar Wilde in there or not? Did I just get through reading Oscar Wilde? Son of a, yet it's always that for already. Like I said, Josh is doing a hell of a job, partially. I have 6705, 60, Tom 560, I've arrived in a single wireless line. There are kicks and calls now. I haven't even gotten my whole stack of stuff. I like this is my idea of by the way, I'm going to do the show from now. I'm no more, I don't know, off the wall. Just, however, to help we feel, and that's what we'll do. I know well. Yeah. Who's paying attention anyway? I've quite so structured and of course in this place where we can't even get a program schedule, where we have to look at very jackass column and a hero to them, we're going to find out who's signed and who didn't sign and all this other stuff. That is pretty sad, for instance, a pretty lame ass week job. Unless of course we get another one of these deals to another chicken or woodbile and we find out it for all well. It wasn't signed and they put some more stuff in there and I mean, who knows? WQAM hello. For Neil? Yes sir. I got a one for your forum, let's hear a video already on there, Freddie Mercury. Next slide, somebody mentioned that before and it's another one we didn't get on there. Thanks for reminding us. How about David Bowie? David Bowie. And Mick Jagger. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. How about those three? Can we hand them now? Or there? David Bowie. Mick Jagger. Bye. That's a very least. And who's the other one? He heard a little bit late after they went on there. What do you mean he went on there? He's not on there. I just got through reading the whole list. I'll look at that. You're looking at him? You can probably go to the right. Right. Or else we didn't look all that good back then either. You know what I mean? It was a good game. Wow. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. You see the scratchy throw syndrome starting to kick him right now. So I think it'll be like Josh from noon to two. Oh, take a rock with it. Huh? I don't have any lasenges right now. I could go over and get the some halls mental lip this. Okay. I don't think it's going to be necessary. I don't see what likely to be more in bed to take like that. There we go. Look for the QA in fan right now as we speak at the Shell Station on Sheridan Street just rest of I-95. Stop by the pick up a movie pants to watch Coach Carter night at the Riegel Open Paisers of fans to Laira Hope. They're tells of it. As far as we know, it's still be there. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. That was it. The Reverend Jack Arnold 69 was nearly in the end of his sermon Sunday of Covenant Presbyterian Church in OVAdo when he grabbed the podium before falling for the flow so Reverend Michael S. Beats, the Church is a associate pastor. Several parishioners, I guess he did it without miscempt. Several parishioners with medical backgrounds tried to revive Ardol and Permanice were called but he appeared to die instantly. In fact, just before he said, and when I go to heaven he said, I'm dying of the fear. Ardol has been the senior minister at the church in this Orlando suburb until late 1990s when he began traveling to Africa in the Middle East to teach pastures. The cause of death was believed to be cardiac arrest he had bypassed refibier as before. Sometimes that bypass holes up and sometimes it don't. It's just the way the Lord works. He works in the Middle Ages for the highest time. I've had recieved his words. How many of you can play QAM? Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I've got two people for you to put on your list. Okay. That's one of them was just mentioned you just had and that was Shandar Purn Harbor. Okay. And the other was the tenet, the female tennis player that played against Bobby Riggs and that in that contract. There's Billy Jean King. Billy Jean King. And then there's also who was the other tennis player, the Dijk. Martin and Everettaloba. Martin and Hingus, Martin and Everettaloba. Yeah, that's it. There's three more for you for your list. There's seven more right. There you go. Hey, thanks a lot, Paul. I have a great time. Two, two, three. Two, right. Phil and Muggade faction says long time no fast. Oh no, what have been so as such a good move, Phil. I don't know if anyone mentioned this, but aren't you sick of these like holes with their troop ribbon magnets all over their cars. Mostly SUVs. They've seen yellow, red, white and blue. I'll camouflage, pink, you name it. I wouldn't take it yesterday when this idiot had one that said freedom isn't free. I wrote on it. So why don't you go to a rack, bleep hole, spanshole? I gotta come up with something at, I don't know. On a side note, I'm going to school to change careers so that I can move to Canada. This place sucks. There's full mug. I agree with that. Well, after that, every guy was there in December. Whoa, man. I've never spent, it seems like only 40, 50 years I was here. I kept thinking sometimes I feel that life is passing me by. Boy, it is just Panderus. I don't know. All of that. And for tears in the US over the next several weeks, not like me, 59% likely, 39%. All right, like we know, like we have some idea. Well, let's go back there and try to get the public all whipped up again. Guess where I saw last night. I'm one of my 85,000 movie channels. What did you see last night? The end of. I just couldn't turn it off. Who's about two thirds of the way through? Fargo. Rolling for column. Oh. And included the scene where he took those two injured kids from column blind to a K-Mart and Detroit. And in the beginning, they gave me the old brush shop. But once he brought the media in, all of a sudden it was a different story. He marked a side of where I saw any ammo man. No more bullets. And then of course it included the thing with Dick Clark. Close it our. Close it our right here. We're late for an apartment. Close it our. Bye bye. Dick Clark. Well, I'm going to say it again. If there is a God, trust me. He put the hex on Dick Clark for a row bowling for column blind for taking advantage of those poor desperate women and men. Yeah, right. And then of course the frosting on the cake was the Chuck Heston thing. And then that is so beautiful. It is so perfect. I mean he gets up on that chair when he reaches over to shake his hand and like, okay, that's it. You sound up a bit. Yeah. And starts waddling away. I mean the man is in that point. That interview had to be like what? Four or five years ago. Okay. You're there. Yeah. And now of course he's got the Alzheimer's. So he's like probably just doing all over himself there. Uh, there is like a toy to there. Might be a God up there somewhere out there down there in there. Or maybe the devil made him do it. Huh? Or maybe it might have been. Put in the hex on Chuck Heston. Oh yeah, Truman Capote on list. Rock Hudson is not rock Hudson out on there. I thought we agreed to put on there. Truman Capote. In cold blood. Hmm. What? You ever see her and what? There's interviews. They've never seen Truman Capote. Well she's you won't see her anymore. She's kind of dead. Wow. I mean there's a stereotype they loved to put on here. I don't know. I can't see them. I'm a little griffin. How about more of Griffin? That's right. Wiley Roenard again. When that's we're not saying it's so more, but a lot of us believe it. Very, very strong. We will all your money. What a disgrace. Merve Griffin. Fortalist. And all that Ava Gaborcraft. Let's see. What is this? Have you seen this first girl and for hearty's? Oh, fist. Oh, fist girl. See there you go with that fist stuff again. We wasn't bad enough. We had to deal kung fu kung po. Kung po chicken fist. Whatever that thing was. Yeah. A blonde woman wearing a strapless dress and high heels. Sticks were entire fist in her mouth and pulls it out back out in smiles. How do you know if you can eat the largest double burger in the country, ask the announcer? There's one way to find out. And a second spot, a different blonde woman. This one's wearing a spaghetti strapped top. Crams her mouth full of plastic straws. Raising a robber house and nodding at the camera along the way. Man. Yeah. You go hard. Hardies revamped itself. It's many with two contours. Offering fried chicken. Roast beef and hot dogs. Need their fresh new image. So it's simplified and focused on two things. It seems to go great together. Accessibly large hamburgers need to see three four year old males. The young dude demographic has become a little bit tired for most fans to change. But young guys are perhaps the most jaded and cynical audience there is. To reach them, you can get all of those are and of shirtless or you can fall back on the first year old stand by sex. Hardies went with sex. I hadn't seen these new ads on TV. Hardies and nod on the northwest or the northeast or the northeast or west of the Rockies. But a reader asked me to check them out. She compared the ads to internet porn. And I think she has a point. Consider this video clips and office. A woman walks alone into a featureless stage, wearing high heels in a dress and proceeds to fish to herself. Go on. Gourli's particular nouns and verbs. See where it takes you. Are you okay? Yeah. Let's see. Ednford Lawdner says, how about Bert Convey? Bert Convey was gay. I don't think so. I never heard that. I know he died of a brain aneurysmer. Something like that. His brain like blew up. He was on tabletale super passwork on a lot of game shows. Bert Convey was not gay. That we know I never heard the rumors. So sorry about that. It probably had a thing for Bert. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on me. Verizon, sing it a lot of times. I'd tell you one thing. By two o'clock, I would like to have a schedule in here like a tangible, cheap paper that's got a schedule on it. I took part through this nonsense. It's madness. I was saying the muff this morning. You know, this may have been very amusing and fascinating and intriguing for a while. But now it's getting really embarrassing. Even a company like this that has no embarrassment level. It's just too embarrassing to come on here every day and tell you on it's well, we don't know who's going to be on today because we can't get our act together. Because the corporate keeps jacking people all around. I mean, enough already. Get a line up written up. Let's stick with it. Let's move on. Okay. That's our new year's resolution. It's already 11 to the month. Let's get where the clearance you puts. WQA and hello. Lonnie Point is flaming. Lonnie who? Lonnie Quinn. I have no idea. Local weather person. I have no idea who that is. WQA and hello. Can I have one on your stop? WQA and hello. You know, I got to be there for a list. Yes? I'll return to your father. Ha ha ha ha ha. Genius. WQA and hello. My question. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I got a name. I got an name for you. Okay. Okay. He's coming out article. Or should I think interview with in cheeky magazine. But ever since that interview felt, there's been no mention of it. And he even got married. Wrestling the rock. The rock is gay. That's what he said in an interview. And you can magazine. I'll be damned. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Well, open. Hey Neil. Yeah. Stop calling us. Go on. Get some of material, by the way. The rock. The rock's the professional wrestlers are all, you know, pretty much. Yeah. Most just because they shaved. Just go with giving the rabbi to this private's right and rule them out on the floor together. And a football play set out over 560, Pong 560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines. Not the same thing wrong with that. Right. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How about my P.A. Yeah. Rumors about my P.A. It is another jackroom. Okay. Thank you. How was Sui for get right? I think we can believe that. I got it like squat down on his punches all day. Right. Now of course, one thing even Josh knows the answer is to whether he's a picture or a catcher. My P.A. Okay. How about your partner? He's now a first basement. Oh, is he tired of squatting, huh? Yeah. Let's see. You'll get to a first. Okay. Who gets to it? I got into squatting. I couldn't resist. He stands up straight in. Oh, that's good. He stands up erect. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, In fact, maybe they that's that whole deal about how more he erect is. Maybe that's where that came from. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. I got somebody for the lift. Yes, go ahead. Neil Rogers. Yeah. The already on it. The pole says other than Neil, who is your favorite. Oh, I was in the field. Okay. I'm sorry. Okay. Don't be sorry. Okay. Because if I did that, it would like be like loading up the pool. You know, I want to do that. Like patting myself on the back. We don't want to do that. Do we? No, not in this place. And we want to take a lot of abuse. We want to be abused and criticized. I'm going to come up with a call. As colors are like mostly lungheads anyway. I'm talking about like inside the building. People running around like Maddie Bill and rape Perry. All these other sports nerds silly. I Gary Sarner, you know, knocking my TV said, hey, I got news for a Gary. Okay. My TV's got more class than you'll ever have. How do you like it? I was watching a little CSI my amelies. Now, which I can't stand that show. See, I like the real show is like the ones on A&E and the ones on whatever else. Right? Those investigative reports shows. But the only thing is I was watching the CSI stuff. I bigger part. Just another cop show. That's right. You wouldn't like it anyway. No, I don't like it. But it was in HD. It was on the CBS HD affiliate where they call man. It's hard to turn something off when it's on an HD. It really is. Especially the PBS to discover each channel. Any live ball game stuff like that. Right. Now, Josh Gordon is trying to get me really nervous about it. And I noticed that certain people out of my city and he births sports nerd people on his station whipped up to a frenzy about painting, manning and the cold saying, well, you know, something we'll see. His record is lifetime record against the Patriots is an embarrassment. I just, I would just point that out to you right up front. I just want to point out that the Patriots towards the end of the season lost to the dolphins. Yeah. So big deal. What is that prove? That's a burden. And I say they weren't playing their best at the end of the season. We know something. Everybody has it down week and who had a better record this season? Who beat the one they met head to head? Who won again? Patriots and who had the better record? The later. I want to be listening to. In addition, which they're playing in the winland and on the road, Peyton Manning has got the. And who did they beat up the other day? A little girl's team, Denver. Denver. A team that struggled to beat those dolphins that you talk about. Denver, a silly little girl's team. With no defense. Well, we'll see. I mean, it's going to be a tough game. It's going to be like who knows. But how soon they forget, man, they gave the Patriots no chance three years ago to give no chance. Well, not last year, who knows? Because that way everybody forgot there was a game. We're too busy with boobies. So sad. You know, your team wins a Super Bowl. Second time in three years. And a game is like an afterthought. The most exciting, Super Bowl game in the history. I don't think there's any question about that. Because generally, the Super Bowl more often than not, it's been a real lemon, a real clunk clunker. Yeah. But last year was simulating. It was phenomenal. One of those great comfort behind. Last minute. Last minute, heroics. And what do we get? We get well, Janet Jackson did this. And just then think about it. Oh, grow up. Grow up America. Will you please? God. 12 13 and 5, 60 WQM. Let me tell you right now with a holiday's finally over. Boy, it goes on Thanksgiving turns into Christmas and Tanuka and New Year's and all kind of like seems to blend together. And I'm sure a lot of you had pain in the yesterdays. We're losing guests visiting and messing up your house messing the carpeting up. Here's the answer. Call dry content right now. This is the perfect time to get your house back in order. And get rid of that schmutz that's all over the house. When it comes to cleaning your carpeting, nobody does the better, which is why I've used dry concepts for over 25 years in my homes because they have an exclusive patented dry cleaning method. Nobody else you ever dreamed of doing. It sucks out the deep down dirt way down there and the fireman's your carpet, which you can't see with an egg an eye. Which suddenly makes them look cleaner and like brand new. But also, I held a lot more sanitary too. And so, not only your carpeting, but your furniture, your draper, your area, your rug, your expensive or any of the works. All of these things is Wayne would say. All of these things. Sure, you'll make look just like brand new. As far as your carpeting is concerned, they are drying up on hour and a half to two hours. So you really can clean today and still entertain the night. And as far as prices concerned, no ripoffs, no scammed, no games that give you written guaranteed price. Up front before they stir to when they're fantastic job. The year's off of favor now that the holidays are over and datebrow it in the palm. Beaches pick up that phone and call them toll free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 for dry concepts. Making carpet clean in soft flores since 1979. 1-800-248-5071. You see what I mean about those rejoins. What is that? Huh? It's a rejoin. I understand that, but it's like a contest now to see if they can catch a short. Beware of exploding balls. You know they understand me just wrong. Do they be every 15th world? They're making me feel the moment they go drop the news. They won't make me feel this for me, sir. They won't see me into a soul. But she makes me lose this role. The crammy tennis player and the best player. And I'm dropping my top floor. Say to my left. And he can't pass. Maybe he can help her when it's in his flaming baby. And the competition is staying. Okay, as long as we still got those P-5,000 pictures of Anna on our website along with the Vanessa Kelly. And the Supreme Court justices from John Stewart's book. How about an important lawyer? How about an Riki Iglesias? And how about an Oesmigiel? Okay. You got those, John? I got those. How about Clay Ekin? Okay. J-Facts isn't says. Love to show hate to station. Quick question. Can Q&A work on removing the Spanish Alcatra preaching that's constantly on in the background? Or maybe there's more than the two to four slot instead. Most blows. But that's bad. Most blows. Oh, don't throw away. I don't like that. John says you see some people out there think they know something but they don't. This is what bothers me about talk radio along with many other things. John Facts is a big deal. John Facts isn't says I have one final idea for a poll. We need lots of poll ideas, maybe I'll tell you that right now. Like for tomorrow would be good. Although that thing you were in fact, in the before we've done that, somebody suggested that. We have another long time about the TV thing. So I'm straight. And it's a website retrocrush.com TV things. And they've got the 100 greatest TV things. But they only list the first 59 or something like number 41. And then after that, it says at the bottom of this, I took the trouble to piss this whole thing out after George emailed me. It says more coming each day check that off. Teasers. Yeah. So give us like the 59 from number 41 down to 100. And the top 40 we don't have yet. But I do want to go to Brian for this though. What's happening? I couldn't find it online, but he has it. Well, where is it? I'm listening. Oh, there it is. What is that? Match against every three. What's that? Match against every three. You don't know the? And then we may. I'm wrong to say he had a similar tear. Now let's see which ones I got. I have two words to tell you. I don't have. Yeah. Of course I took them all. What's all you need is for? But only old farts like me are in the TV. Got it. Quisture. Here's the good one. That's horrible. That is horrible. Oh, right. No wonder D-Madeway Crow. And then he's a little bit more. Oh, right. And then what did D-Madeway Crow do? Yeah. Oh, you do it. I just like that entire thing. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. And of course you probably as long as I had this, this inner probably shouldn't forget. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. That's the old one. Remember that? Oh, I mean I remember the things about the book. That is back in the day. We used to go shopping. When Chuck Swillery was on that show. That shows you how bad he is. That's probably the most popular. And next to the prices right. The most popular game show along with Jeopardy and the Wheel of Fortune in the history of TV. And that when Chuck Swillery was on a show, it was a bomb. Mala, Mala, Mala. Huh? Yeah. It was bad. Let's see. What am I looking for? Oh, the Wheel of Fortune team the new one. That wouldn't be honest when I don't think. Oh, thank you. The quarter. Oh. Oh. Thank you. The quarter. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's the chess for the release. Oh. Oh. He is to have that little ceramic Dalmatian out there all the time and people think route Dun quit a job. You're a good Peanut !! Better not . Who the hell wants a freaking ceramic Dalmatian anyway? OK, so now. Anyway, John Faxie and says I have one final idea for a call. If there was one famous person who is died, but wish could come back who it would be. Have we done that? That would have. We've done it, like your favourite dead person. But wish would come back and then back. And then let me go on and read the rest where he was, and it's not a bad idea, but that way we get to the rest of it, John, then I start like, raising all three eyebrows. This is my vote is for Edward Murrow, so we could expose the Bush administration for the punk ass bloodshitting war, mongering with Carthya at that he is. And then he goes on to say, by the way, why has a water crime hide stood up to the administration? John, I don't know anybody who's written, Lord Columns ripping the Bush administration, not just on the war, but on everything that water crime hide. Many of most of which we've had on our website many of which I've read here on the ear, and don't be an academic older, okay? He's one of the very few TV news people puned at type who's a really year ripped him in ass. So what are you talking about John? What you be saying? Get what? John, you idiot. I mean, how many of those have I read? I'm not sure I'm going to show. But everybody's an expert. WCWM line nine, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I got a one for your poll about Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson, that's outstanding. Even though we're very immersed in him. Really. Thank you. Absolutely. I've got a Michael Jackson story here. I guess we'll stick that one ahead of the fake moaning. All right. The Randy monster. And by the way, nice hairdo Randy. WQM. Hello. I want extra money to say a rock. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, solid. I got money. Let's end him to rock solid. Let's end him to your rock. Yeah. There you go. Send him to your rock. Don't forget to think those five to seven in the morning. We're giving like a little little lead in there. Okay. Probably I don't have a big Julio tune in when you think they like that spanglish song. You know that like that baby English. Now what now? Now we put in weekend the least we can go on an anacorn a hole down and it must certainly be some more singer type people. Right? We've left off. There has to be all the music. We're gonna do lesbian singers. Huh? We could just speculate. Right. So to answer. Did we ever put a little bit of John on there? Did we? I see. Yeah. Not only in Bruea. It's just a rumor. Yeah. Who else? I got one. What's that other Latin singer that wanted to say, married off for a couple of times, that what a real ugly nasty with that schnaz. I don't know. You know what I'm talking about? That's Mar area. Mark Anthony. Mark Anthony. That's the one. Okay. Put her on and put him on there. Mark Anthony. A lot of rumors about Mark Anthony. Of course Latin singer, you know, he Latin singers are redundancy. I think. Generalty speaking. In fact, even Julio degrees, he is there rumors about him. Even the great womanizer that he was obviously was. But the rumors that he like had dalliances in other areas. You know what I mean? Back to other areas. And then of course in weekend, then the other one which we won't put him on or has nobody knows who it is. In a junior. Yeah. Junior. Right. The glaciess junior. Remember those pictures that we had? Wow. If you were less than 50 grand last year than it's time for a career change, man, give yourself some training so you can get yourself a real job and some real cash. Pick up the phone call fast train at 866 fast train. They can have you train already for that do high paying career in as little as four months. Fast train offers high demand, high pay career training. If you like computers and ever thought about becoming a computer never professional, call fast train today at 1 866 fast train. The demand for computer professionals right now said in all time, high and they can have you trained already for that new career. And just those four short months. I said only moments ago. Fast train's got locations all over time. They're in Kindle Miami, Pembroke Pines and for a lot of Dale. And the offer job placement. I even financial aid for people to qualify too. They evening and weekend classes are forming a fast train right now. So like I said, get off it. I did end job your on right now. Get off the dead end trail and get on the bad wagon to some real cash. Call fast train today. Call free 1 866 fast train. Call free 1 866 fast train. Call free 1 866 fast train. Call free 1 866 fast train. Call free 1 866 fast train. voice will literally have been linked to him sexually in pressure ports or public or private accusations ABC News has been learned. Jackson's facing trial for legislative Mustang and out 14-year-old voice. We know that. Let's hear it some new in here, okay? A lot of a, yeah, yeah. Jackson's never been formally charging the alleged past defenses, but prosecutors are you that the testimony shows a pattern of behavior should be admitted under 1995 California Law that allows relevant previous acts to be considered in sex crimes, even if a defendant has never been prosecuted for the alleged actions. Jackson's defense team insists all the allegations passed and presend our false, and that the testimony should not be allowed because it unfairly inflamed the jury. In flames. The jury. In violence, the pop star is right to a fair trial. His defense team is suggested the alleged victim's family is trying to get a monetary supplement. Some experts believe the prosecution needs the past allegations to help its case. The prosecution is taking this weak clarification trying to bulls through with prior bad acts, said ABC News Legal Consultant Dana Cole, perhaps the most important of the seven witnesses is his accuser from 1993 scandal that they paid off of that 20 million bucks. 20 million. Now let me ask you this. I mean, this is a horrible thought. It's not you physically. I don't want to put you on the spot for like one. If somebody molested one of your children, you know, and somebody offered 20 million bucks to cover it up, what would you say? No, thank you. Okay. Do you say no. The judge be very polite. No thank you. No thank you. Anyway, I'm just wondering about these like that one woman said, I'd be proud to have my child molested by Michael Jackson. Well, some people are, you know, I guess for 20 million. She'd probably take it. 560560 pound 560 and a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Our poll question day is I probably should read this. Other than Neil, who is your all-time favorite gay celebrity, gay, buy or suspected, okay? I don't want to read all that. That should have been the way. It was poorly worded. My bad. Thank you. Hello. Neil, where do I start? I'm doing. At the end, probably at the end. Okay, the action. Who put the man in manage? I'll be talking about a tight end like that, okay? 560560. That'd be a good poll question one day. Who was the tightest golf in tight end? Uh-huh. We got people that would know in the building. I'm sure we do the fact they still take showers together. That's that whole sports thing. I like slapping each other on the answer with the towel hanging it out. That'd be cool. Hello. Who am? Are you doing Neil? Okay, pal. Good. That got to me for your fall. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. To group of guys, queer eye for a straight guy. What's the guy? Well, it's a TV show. I know it's a TV show, but I mean, like, what do we do? Put the whole cast? Sure, it's only four guys. Yeah, I don't think so. 570560 pound 560 on the variety and then singular wireless lines. WQAM. Neil, I have. Good morning. Good morning. Grandfather, if he thought that Abraham Lincoln was gay and he replied, how do you think he got the nickname, the log splitter? Yeah, didn't he grow up in a log cabin? Yes, he did. Honest Abe? Honest. Honest engine. What about my honest engine? What does your info didn't get that job? Not. More I think about that. That's about the only thing I'm relieved about. The two things, of course, the fact that Hank is still around a mad dog. Very important, but I mean, just the way this whole madness is played out. I thought for sure, there would stick the cornball one in there. I mean, that would have been such a disaster. I mean, there's just no, nothing. You know what I mean? WQAM, hello. That was him. That was defol. I could recognize this smack in the lips. Was either him or Mr. Eagle. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I've got a couple feet pole. Uh-huh. What do you mean? I mean, Richard Chamberlain. Oh, yeah, I was him too. I've got James Dean, Salm, Mideo, and Jim Neighbors. They're all on there. Nice going, pal. Ha ha ha ha ha. He said he had a couple of interior out to be three and they're still all on there. But somehow he inspired me with Richard Chamberlain. How could we forget? That's definitely a little while. Oh, I'm not sure that. All you mean, like, professional. Well, WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. Uh, is there a comma on there? No, because it's partly a penis that he's paying for his misdeeds. He can't be on no poles. Oh, man. He was the best. Was he really? You like them, huh? Yeah, he's good. Good guy. You're too old for him. 560, 560, pound 560, and he averaged in singular rivals. He was a good guy. I don't know about that. I didn't know. I didn't know some people who didn't know. I mean, they didn't think he was a good guy. That's how he was like kind of neurotic. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm calling his calling for the F.O. You're on it right now, man. What you got? Uh, Jad Grover. Jad Grover. Jad Grover was an excellent choice. Thank you very much, okay? Jad Grover, who was mayor, who was a buried and married. Right next to his lover, Clyde Tulson. Wow. I still haven't jealous though. The fact that he used to fix the races, it's certain through a bread tracks every time Jad Grover would show up. Who would not have a deal like that? You bet all you want, and then if you, if you lose, you just turn over your tickets and they give you your money back. That was great. WQAM, hello. Hi, Neil. God. Yes, sir. Speaking. Did anybody speak about the movie last night of HBO about 9.11? No. It was called the Hamburg film, and they showed it was a daughter drama. And they showed you how crazy and salaric these people really are. And they actually made it. It was amazing. They showed you up until 9.11. They showed the place crash in the buildings. I'm the person who's spoken about it, but it's scary, it's scary, and it's fast. Scary world man. A lot of crazy people out there. I know. A lot of people do worse. Eventually, if that would be civilized, but before that, good. Thank you. Bye. Eventually, that would be so live. We just got to like shock him into a ride. Right. That's all I got to. It was pretty good. Really? Yeah. About the Hamburg cell. I'm going to Hamburg, and believe me, you don't want to go there. I don't know. It was like a background of each of the high-tech prisoners. Right. And from what their family life was all about. The way it's in the fact that we knew who they were, but they were just like, we're running over time here. We didn't just run about it. Sure. No, it was very in-depth as a matter of fact. Right. See, it's all a newsman. Most of the public doesn't care about that anymore. They're too busy with other crap now. They're just wondering. They're very critical of the powers that be. So I can't imagine how that could be. Bill, long time list is says, as long as you have hank in the morning and mad dogma afternoon early evening, we'd love to listen, but we're in Martin County in the station turns down the power. The powers back up. The good part about that is Bill, and it depends on the time of the year. And now that the days are getting longer every day, once we get just hank under the springtime, this hang on tight. The powers back up by about 720 a.m. and goes back down approximately 5.30 pm. It's kind of like called Sun's Rise to Sun's Set. That's what determines the pattern that we have to be on on our transmitter. It says, help. I can't help you. I'd say, I think you can do this just wait for the days to get longer. And you know, 7 to 7 isn't really all that bad. Because most of the year, a couple of months, the morning it'll be like, what, what, what, what, what, what, something? And then of course once we get to April and day like savings time, then we got that problem lit. We got to lit right there in the Sun's Set. We'll be thankful. We don't live in the north or the broadcast. They would be like six hours in the winter. Exactly. Man, I'll man, or like in some of those northern countries like in Scandinavia. When the summertime, it's light till 1130 at night or midnight. And then in the winter time, it's like it's dark at 40 afternoon. It's pitch bland. 21 at 560 WQM. Don't forget Howard David and a two market down on more Howard David. The voices often, at least recently. And that, our Jim Manage recently resigned. We do believe we hope we pray for the 7th. You're listening to Neil Roger. I'm going to go to the school of September. On 560 60. A few A M. Here's another one for you. My name is Barry. Sing like a Barry. I like pencils about romance. While I'm where a Spanish pass. I'm trying to shrimp me. My choice of witty. I had a series of big hits. That was back in 76 now. No one loves to hear. They only laugh and share. They want to manipulate all my albums. For my sons up, we're got a no-shake. Like a banana. My true fan, both live in my channel. Got a no-shake. Like a banana. Of my no-shake. It's half of the city of Atlanta. I write the song. I know the song. I've got a heart good. Besides of yampers. When I get up the nose, I be dressed in a horse. But now I'm on the kids. My life is back in place. And so I'm singing again and singing. My schmars in your face. Got a no-shake. Like a banana. My true fan, both live in my channel. Got a no-shake. Like a banana. Of my no-shake. It's half of the city of Atlanta. I'm kidding. I write the song. Like a banana. You heard her? Very mentally. You got her under? Yeah. Okay. Here's a shocking story just in from a son's son. Some good news. About time we had some good news. While I has a judge dismissed his lawsuit, challenging South Florida Slots petitioned rise. A judge tossed out today, a lawsuit filed by gambling opponents, alleging massive fraud named petitioned rise, that put a South Florida Slots machine proposal on the November ballot, ultimately in the state constitution. Circuit judge Nikki and Clark sided with the sponsors of the petitioned drive in this list of lawsuit, which had been scheduled for trial later this month. Clark wrote that courts can overturn the results of an election only when there's evidence of fraud in the election itself, not in the events leading up to the election like petitioned attorneys against the expanded gambling. The humane society of the US and great two K USA, a great hounder because a group opposed to dog tracks, had led to 1000 signatures submitted by the Slots campaign were forged, including signatures from at least 3,000 dead people. Well, 3,000, nothing. Right? Like I mean, generally any South Florida, since usually thousands. How many thousands? About 30,000 dead people vote. The constitutional amendment let's go to his and proud and date the side in the future referendum in March. But they wanted what allow the Slots to five rate, trash to a higher front, tons, which would happen this year. The campaign manager for the Slots drive a World Bender called Clarks decision a victory for the voters who has been respected by the judge and attorney for the opponents that immediately return a phone call. Well, who bad? Who a cause? All of you, cry babies, man. All you liars want to scare the hell out of the public. Who can kill us? So you can grab up all the money for yourselves. That's what it's all about. And then, of course, the dog people well. That's another whole story, right? Right? The phonetics. The animal over. It's something to be fanatical about everyone. Use it as an excuse to like pee on everybody else's life. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. WDQAM hello. WDQAM. Yes, I was trying to reach Neil. I reached him. You succeeded, sir. I did, huh? Yes. He was a lady from a bowl of each quarter. South of Tampa. And I was a locker room assistant in the days of the glory days of golfing. And I believe that I know. Those days of glory days are glory of all season. They're glory golfs or days. We go. And the Dolphin tightest end that we ever had. His name was Mark Flivin. Right. For Michigan State. Absolutely. The one I think he takes the cake. Matt Dog, I don't know. But definitely, definitely Mr Flivin. No, okay. I'm not. Yeah. Pass along to our other tight ends. Zero rose in the gym andage. Mark Flivin. Remember Mark Flivin? Josh? Before you do. Yeah. In fact, I think I'm not really sure. But I think it was the same era as Matt Dog, Mark Flivin. Then pay alternators, Titans. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I have to find out what you're seeing played. How would you remember that? I mean, I remember who he is. I don't remember the name, man. All those jokes. It's in your, you know, it's in your lexicon. 560, 560 in your lexis. Pound 560 on the Verizon. Oh, and I just chim that said that because when the week after during the get to the HDTV, he's been even the lexis too, just to show his appreciation. I was going to get an elxycard. Oh, that's a little cheaper in the lexis. Step at straight. Double Q&O. Double Q&O. No. Yes, sir. How bad Richard Simmons. Richie Simmons. How could that get? Oh, man. We don't know you know. That's a lot of pally. We are really, really bad. Richie Simmons. I mean, so obvious. It's like right there in front of your face, you know what? Hi. This is Richie Simmons. And since you haven't been sending me money for anything lately, I developed a big load of new diet merchandise. Like my sweating to the oldies video, then you'll have my new sweating to the oldies the odors. When I work out, I mean, I put out a sense that the strip of bark off our redwood. So don't offend while you're bad, get my deodorant stick. And you like my deuromeo? Then you'll have my new Richie Simmons diet poker game. You play guilty with your friends and you're not very food. And I've got a new line of work out on your pants. How can we guarantee you lose weight? Because after listening to Richie Simmons for 10 minutes, you won't be able to keep anything down. You can't even stand. Exactly. Oh, she is just a tripp man. Let me tell you the story for the 8-500 time about how he nearly choke me in the net of INZ that night. What an idiot. He was choking her neck, right? Yeah, see what he's choking him. He came up behind me like I'm on the ear like getting out of it. So going into the CBS news, he was going to be my guest in the next hour. And he puts his hands around my neck and squeeze his face. Oh, yeah, pali! He just about busted my earrings. His way he did. And he strictly entered sport or man. He did. He did all his, you know, dead old TV show. He's sitting there with a tear. He's all crying all these desperate fat shudins, you know. And they're all crying. And he's crying with him. And at the same time, he's laughing all his way to the bank. He's sporting all these desperate fat folks making a taken their money. Deal a meal, my ass. WQA and hello. Hey, yeah? Yes, sir. Are you doing? Good. Get a, someone to your list. Okay. Chuck Conner. Chuck Conner's his gay? Why? Yeah. He was a ball player, man. He was a Dodgers. Yeah. He was a, uh, a big Western Air. What were you going to get that from? I, you understand, he did a gay polo. So, you know, something I think you're right. I think this man's got to stop on it. I've heard that, but also rumors are put around their Chuck Conner's. Right, man, right? Right. I wonder what that, I bet you're got to be a theme from the rifleman here. What do we do? I don't want to get in this theme thing today. You know, that is it. That's a rifleman. Bob Barker, the rifleman, the price is like a, got you also. What the, what? And yeah, that's the cool price, right? The, well, prices right with Bill Colon. It's got to go through and notice it. It's Rob Lottie. You know, he's there. But Bob Barker is still there. But Barker's beauty. That's the one if he was screwing out one. Who gives a crap, right? More power to the old cool. Right. Right. By the way, why don't you think it line, he subs for this fine lunch we're having today. Oh, I'd like to see some of his candy we got lunch today. And it's a day and we're seeing him out there. Because then I'd be eaten food that I really don't need eaten. Don't want to be eaten. I'll go ahead. I'll go ahead. I have some of that macaroni and cheese and meat loaf. I can't believe I never saw that. When you know, do any shopping, your wife does all the shopping in the supermarket. Right for the most part. So you don't do any shopping. And of course, Josh being the pumpkin he is. He probably like East fast food and junk and doesn't go into a supermarket. I don't. I do go to super. I've never even heard that. Just so I was, you know, by cold cuts. Yeah, I think that's a lot of baloney. Yeah, but what is it now? It's like it's got macaroni. Let me, let me get it. Okay, just hang on a second. I got another bunch. Okay. So I have ready. Got another plate. Okay. Anyway, Schneider's which is a Canadian brand. See, when have that there, but you would have like Oscar Meyer or like any of your other cold cuts brands. Meet Macaroni and cheese love. I'm sorry, but this is now like something revolution. It's not like I discovered nestle's turtle ice cream or bulkaburters or those little pizza. What are those little pizza? Those brown things. What do they call that? I mean, they do it bagel bites. They go to that. Those are great. Those are good. And they're still around. No, I mean, this is like pedestrian. You see this in your cold cut meat case. All in a supermarket. This is like something new and exciting that nobody ever heard of. Meet macaroni and cheese love. I don't think so. It looks like baloney. It's got like little chunks of cheddar cheese in it and a little around like macaroni's. In the meat. You ever heard of it? No, I'll have to give it a shot. You might not like it. I don't know. I mean, it's different. It's better than eating like plain baloney. Right? Yeah, sounds like who now wants plain tasteless baloney. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean, let's take course a tea brew national. I mean, plain tasteless baloney is for going on. I'm sorry. There was that guy getting off set. That's our tent. Oh, yeah. I'm the anti-genital crusader. That's one of my favorite songs. Do you want to tell on my mind? Then Campbell, how's he doing? He's doing okay. He's holding his own down. Mm. For truck car, he's rumored to be good. What? Man, oh man, he's a big, he was a big, he was a first-based man. I believe for the LA Dodgers briefly. Okay. Okay. I'll take a work for it. And of course he was in there taking showers naked with the guys. That's not good. Maybe we'll notice about that. How about Dave Cope? First NFL player ever to come out of the closet. Of course after his career was over, Dave Cope, K.O.P.P.A.W. And we're here. Nope. Played in time, friend. Fifth, go. Which I guess triggers, right? Who else? How about Dave Cope? Not the hardest driver. My good friend Dave Cope. But Dave Cope only. I'm par. Remember that? Josh? No. Major league baseball. I'm par. Dave Cope? Sorry. Man, oh man, you guys. And what about Dave Collins? Did I dream that or didn't he come out of the closet? Dave Collins. I don't know. You might've dreamed it. Former Celtics rate. Football. Maybe I just, maybe I just dreamed. Or maybe we just making it all out. I just dreamed that we would need Rogers. Exclusively. On five six six. In a game. Oh my favorite republicans. This is my drug. And it's time for the new skills they uploaded. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I should fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber. But it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving. I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines. But it was only good fun. It was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train tourists to realize. But all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip. If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm. Think again. Because the money you spend to fill your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of tourists. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. And all I had to say was throw around some other public service announcements. Want to blame terrorism on drug addicts. But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror. So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank, you're part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone. This message provided by the council on displacing the blame. It's their fault. Absolutely. It's want to clock at 5.60. We got more power. Give it a former voice in the dolphin. For the afternoon. You managed to recover. That would be interesting to see how that plays out. Because it got two years elected. They got any brains. They keep money. But then again. I don't think they do have any brains. What? How does it? Or somebody's on the bat line. WQM. Hello. How long? That line is. Can you set me out for George Rodriguez? Answer machine? Who's this? Who's this? I asked first. I asked first. Is George around? Yeah. George is here. Who is this? This is I'm not on the air. Yeah. You're on the air. No. Then I can't talk. What? Why not? Neil. Because I'm working on a story about you. That's why. Yeah. Do you want me to put you on a hold? Yes, Kenyan. How can we do that? How can you talk to this guy off the air? We're working on a story about what? Who knows this number? This is my old number. I had for you guys. No. No. Moonspaper guy? Yes. Palm Beach Post. Palm Beach Post. Well, hang on then. Hi. How are you going to do that? Without being on a day. Huh? Okay. Palm Beach Post is right in the store. Well, that's good. At least give us some accurate information. Okay. Time on making 25 million years. I'm like that. Make up some numbers. Oh, how are Dean? Our man. How are Dean? He's going to be. Let's see. Here's a thing. Democracy for America.com. It's his please join. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. He's going to be a big deal. I'll put that in my pile and I mentioned it because today's only the 11th. You talked to her. Who was that? Just it. And what he said. He's writing a story about you. What was that mean about what? About your salary and your new deal and what? About my salary? We don't talk about my salary. It's more than he's making. So who was it? It was a guy from the Palm Beach Post named Jose Lambe. Oh, it's our good old friend Jose Lambe. He's at the Palm Beach Post. Now I thought it was working for all the tabloids. Oh, he's a star. Maybe it moves around. Jose Lambe. I wonder if he knows Jose Wales in the outlaws. So anyway, here's a thing. Sean Conno, not Sean Connoy. Where is it? Chuck Conner's. It says sometimes, this is a website for on film.org. Oh, God. I wonder if Ron's Jeremy's on here. Do you believe this? Really, really for. For on film.org. In other words, a hairy guy's. Oh, man. But anyway, in the TV series, he's brand. You see Chuck Conner's captured by bandits, stripped of his shirt and boots and hung strong up to a tree in the desert. I also keep hearing rumors of an 8mm gay porno film in the late 40s or early 50s as a reader writes. Yes, Chuck Conner's indeed a person. A gay 8mm film in which there's no mistaking that it's the rifleman actor. I saw the film about eight years ago and it was included in a video I read it about the x-rayed films of celebrities past. In the film, Conner's is doing another man outdoors. It's very obvious that Chuck isn't joining himself. They're riflemen, man. No, no. He's still a Grande. He was an actor. He could have just been there. He was just like Peter Northmore's net figure. Right. Is it professional? Right. I didn't even write. Some people just write in the round. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 and a Verizon and Sinkitor Wireless Line. Here's the, I'm sure that the QM band is gone. We never done. Let's go. Oh, they give it anyway. Anyone? Take it. I don't know. We all, I don't see actually following through on that. We're supposed to worry about stuff like that. Just read the lineers and forget about it. We don't care the people who are going out there. Don't care. They're just collecting the pay. Take killing some time. Here's the deal. Other than the ill your favorite gay ass celebrity. Straight by, I mean, buy gay or suspected rumored whatever. Elton's got a D8, Paul in 58. Kevin Spacey 41. Tommy Cruz. Look what Tommy's got. The United of Inchie 23. Ellen the generous 23. Marlon Brando 20. Kerry Grant 20. Ian McCellan 18. Gorbain, Al 18. Freddie and Mercury 17. Charles Nelson, Riley 17. Nathan Lane 16. What about Nathan Hill? What about Hill and Hardy? Anne Quartholia 13. Raymond Bert 12. Abe Lincoln's got a, Abe Lincoln got a, Jeff Gordon A James Dave Boock. And now who would like James Dave Boock? What kind of a moron? What would it like? Oh, that. Rock Hudson 7. LeBroschi 6. Graham Chapman 6. Earl Flynn 6. Ricky Martin 6. William, well, I see I can't stop saying that. Well, do you know anybody else named Willham? No one. No. Maybe that was the idea. Will the foe? Five. Jim Avers 5. George Michael 5. Danny K. 5. Norma Kent 5. Rosio Donald 4. Oh, yes, same person. Well, let me know. John 4 Oscar Wild 4. Don Deli's 4 Montgomery Cliff 4 Anthony Perkins 4. Madonna 3. David Bowie 3. Bill Tanner. What? Three. Leo to Caprio 3. James Dean's got 3. Who's that? Porsche de Rossi. Porsche de Rossi. De Rossi 2. Vic Yes. Truman Capote is going to appear. Craig Steven's got a pair. Alexander the Gaze got 2. Roy Horns got a pair. Let's hear it for a roll. Eric is brought as got 2. Richard Simmons ought to. But he's only got 1. Gay and Gour Hoover 1. Luis Miguel's got 1. Michael Jackson 1. Clay Acons got 1. I know that Prince Charles loves him. Martin never off to Lover 1. Sandra Bernhard 1. Mick Jagger 1. Lawrence Olivier 1. Luther Van Ross 1. Troy 8man's got 1. Brian Orcross has 1. Alice Redtell and sickly fishbocker 1. No boats yet. None. The big 0 for Dave Copay. Marflaming. Well, wait a minute. Marflaming. We didn't say Marflaming was gay. You said to put it on there. No, I did not. He just said he had the tightest end. That doesn't mean he was gay. Well, he's on there. Marflaming. Michigan State man. Man, there was no facts. Michigan State. Well, other than me. Very man. He was a little over to Chamberlain, Mark Anthony, and we can go to places. Mike Piazza, where Griffin, the sergeant, Mel, Tilden, Randolph Scott, Brian Andrews, Christopher Lowell, Jeff Garcia, Wally Cox, Luke Christie, and Tam Hunter all have the big. Oh, I can't believe Tam Hunter didn't have any. Oh, man. Let's look at how you fags out there. We've got to start digging up some of those old movies. He was always running around shirtless. Speaking of that. No, here. Man. He sure was pretty. But boy, he was pretty bad actor and even worse singer. Yon, love. Wow, he was horrible. I'm surprised that he James didn't get him beat up. WQAM, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hey, Mike, don't sound up. WQAM, hello. Are you for Neil? Speaking. Neil, what about McLean Stevenson? Is gay get out of here? Where'd you get that? Come on. Come on. I think he definitely was gay. I think you're definitely full of crap, how do you like that? McLean Stevenson was not gay. Now, what would that come from? I mean, why say rumored or suspected? That doesn't mean just by you. Okay. Like, which one? Switch, whicken. Just because he was slid in one of the other guys, you know, in a big tent. Now, which show was that? I'm a court. And then again, talk about a guy with more failed show as boy. That's right. Man. Oh, he was on man. Right. Who else was on man? Jamie Far. What's he on? Hold that hero. How it all, Doug? Yeah. Jamie Far? Sure. Now, Gary Bergman, what about him? He seemed very afraid of me. I think he was. Didn't he seem awfully afraid? He, uh, I think he was not, just a rumor. Yeah. He was on match game. Yes, a lot. I saw him recently. He's a better fact watching match game. And you know what? He had a really gay perm and was where he really gay clothes. Yeah. I mean, if you're going to pick somebody from that show, it's certainly not being McLean Stevenson. We hear you burr off. Even even that sounds like something. I don't know. Subrosa. Every cigarette burr off. Not lately. Ever give. Knowing. Ever give Gary Bergoff. Five six seven. Five sixty. Talent five sixty. How do I, where did this come from? Think that this was my idea being a professional Faggot that I am. This was some, and the listeners I see it got as Punish me again for this pull. Let's see. Oh, and here's another one. Devon. Devon. He says, not the if another pull. Who gets the most action? Actors Rockstar. What a silly question. Devon. Who gets the most action? The ones who talk about it the least probably. Everyone's getting the most. The ones who talk about it the most. They're the ones who couldn't get laid in Amsterdam in the middle of the red light district. For the official of Rose. Angelina Jolie. It says, self admitted is by. Okay. Angelina Jolie. Okay. Got it? That's good. That's good. Make a lot of people happy. WCWM. WCWM. WCWM. WCWM. WCWM. WCWM. WCWM. Interactive number 3. That drama is running out, Sure. He's already nailed it by no consent. For example, Beta test cases. This is in Tanzania. Let's move into the. Can you tell us comments how you did that info?. I make it back to the States talking about certain things years ago. And then surely Jones kept marrying him off and never worked out, you know. What? Well, some Paris can't accept it, okay? Right. Some Paris could all been out of trouble. Oh, my son is a guy. Yeah. And it's an ego thing, you know. Well, I kind of blame my Josh for my eating this macaroni loaf now. This is, this is false. Yeah, because I had to go and get it to the lady. This is the rocket science. It's not something that's like the delicious. It's not like a gourmet treat, okay? It's just like lunch meat. That's all that it's got some taste to it. A little bit of taste, a little bit of a novelty. All I give it a shot. I mean, if you want to be bland and boring to rest your life, keep eating like salami or baloney. And that's it. What do you buy when you buy cold cuts? Salami? Turkey. Well, Turkey's okay. Like smoked turkey, with some taste to it. And then of course, you can call Ron Popeel. And here, one of those, those, uh, phony things that he makes what had plastic, this plastic thing, we can make dry your own turkey jerky. Oh, the, uh, the dehydrated. The dehydrated dude, you can make your own turkey jerky and, uh, beef jerky and turkey jerky and lorky jerky and, uh, salami jerky and, uh, whatever, ever jerky. Right. No, thanks. Clement, it's after one. I could say something about gobble, but then joyous to get upset. Hey, ring in the new year with a new car truck from the folks that I'm strong for to homestay. You've been putting up buying anything, but don't wait another moment because for a limited time, you can get you to zero percent fine, answering on end to following at Armstrong Ford. Any of the following new olfys and stock ready for immediate delivery. Estates, free stars, toruses, eff superduty Harley Davidson trucks and the all new Ford 500. If you want more, how about the 1.9% financing on all new olfys, expeditions, explorers, F1, 50s and Rangers, certain restrictions apply. The lots of Armstrong Ford homes to our jam packed and they're cutting prices as I speak. And they always offer you more of a valued their world of customers because when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. The Metas correct tires and batteries for life. Plus for a limited time, a free Florida Sunpass 2. David Rich and the Staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee you the best price and don't forget because they're locally owned and operated. The folks at Armstrong Ford homes table, treat you like family. They will try their best to make you a customer for life. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch, no full need deals, no games, just the best deals anywhere in history of mankind. Armstrong Ford homes did there are 3.0725 South-Tixie Highway. Just 20 minutes after the 36th-Chair-Command Web at ArmstrongCars.com and travel a little and save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars from Armstrong Ford of Homesteads. You're listening to Neil Rush 6 exclusively on 5.6. All done. Look at and stick. Are you still paying both rights for our seats on an airplane? You are planning to sky-check? All because you want to leave at a specific time. Well now, with DERALDIS price line, you can actually pick your flight times in airline from a list of low-low prices. But what if I want to save even more money? Well when you go online at DERALDIS price line, you can still name your own price for exclusive airfare savings. The choice is yours. But they don't really like to fly. No problem again of BULA. With DERALDIS price line, you can name your own price for railroad fast all over the world. Learning and going to medley. And maybe short-dose. DERALDIS price line has your lowest fast. And if you are blowing up a hotel in Mecca, you can vote that room and save up to 45% on standard room rates. Why pay for price when you can name your own price? With DERALDIS price line. Once I would say that 560WM anyway, here's a fact that says, Neil, explain this one. You can't hear fart sounds at a dull radio, however it's either Nickelodeon or some other kids' number if it teaches the kids how to fart. They describe silent but deadly. Pull my finger in others, then at the end they say, let it rip kids. Who doesn't have kids TV in their home? They have CC's told me it else not to fart while they're teaching the kids to let the pressure out. It's healthy. Am I losing my mind or are we on the first rate again? Both. Now, another fact that says, Mike Ferrell played BJ Honeycutt on May. What makes you say that Mike Ferrell was gay? Have you heard that? I've heard that. I've heard that. I've heard that. I didn't mind. I don't even say that. But not that that means anything. It says also put hanging up on me. I'm not Reverend Joe and Jim and Reverend Primes. Well, tell me what you're in. Reverend Primes. If you sound like Reverend Joe, you're going to get the old, you know, what for? You're going to get. For most Supreme Court side steps gay at option case since we're talking about gay. Today, the Supreme Court rejected an appeal yesterday by a four-minute challenge for his ban on adoption by gay couples, avoiding another contentious fight over gay rights and getting rosio down all pissed off again. Bulletin, rosio, Donald's pissed off. Oh, man, can you? There's certain people that you can't even begin to imagine like being like, like, in their company. I'm talking about not out in public. But like, on the inside, like in a house, like, like, having dinner? No, no, no, like in private in a house. You're being in their company because they're so, so you're, you know what I'm talking about? People like that. Florida's the only state with a blanket law, preventing homosexuals from adopting children, but the high court was told that other states could now feel free to copy the ban. Opponents argued that the 1977 law passed at the height of an eater of Brian's anti-homosexual crusade was irrational because of an excluded potential parents for thousands of abandoned children. Supporters contend the state has departed from a traditional father and mother families. The high courts refuse all to hear the case made without comment. The boys a second showed out over gay rights there in two years. This is in a historic civil rights ruling, Barth states in 2003, from criminalizing gay sex. The courts said then that states cannot demean their resistance or control diversity by making their private sexual conduct a crime. The latest case involves gay foster parents in Florida wanted with up children in their care. The ACLU and gay rights project, representing the parents, argue that the state unconsentuchely singles out gays based on discrimination. Florida Governor Jeff Bush, that fat ass, Jeff Bush, praised the high courts decision yesterday. The law of the state, I think the appropriate law he said, bigoted right wing, board again, a whole year then now, all of a sudden found Catholic religion because his wife or rubbed off on that servant so on. That's the same life column that's smuggled scrapping because she or their mother paid the duty to want to do her duty. And of course that's the same governor that's got the sister that's in rehab. But nevertheless, sister or daughter, daughter, daughter, I'm sorry, say sister, same difference. And the stuff that's the same distance. You know, the daughter is your sister and your mother. It's all clear that it's all clear. Oh, and family, that's right. You got it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Come to QAM, hello. QAM. Hi, Nia. Yes, sir. I got a pair for you. Yeah. What about that, remember the acrostic, children, and something or the other? And Bishop, two days, but that's okay, yeah. And the other one is Mr. Walter Mercado. Walter Mercado. Yeah, maybe I have George, he may know. Who's that? Oh, who's that? Very, very lofty. Walter, what? Oh, you know. He's a loser. He's a lot on a Spanish art, he's six. And he's a little bit of a Spanish TV station. I'm sorry. I'd say I have a great day. All right. I don't know who that is. He's not on this soap opera, I have no idea who he is. Spanish homosexual law and things, huh? Have you heard it, sister? Ah, geez. Larry Franklin, how about a poll for the strangest place we ever made love? My strangest place was I'm a 16-year-old was in my childhood tree house. Well, that's right, Larry. I'm happy for a bus to have four. It's been about 80 billion times. Well, I'll take up the new one original, like what's your favorite TV theme song? Or then again? I've never mentioned like about 4,000 times how much I despise Bob U-Banks. Yeah, you've always looked like he's got a broken neck or something. There's a way that he holds his head. You know what I'm talking about? Cock to the side. I don't know what it is, but they're just plus the fact that he's a moron. He's a big, he's had his two-baked for his body. He's got two-baked my head, such as hey, like... I liked Jim, what's his name, Jim Lang, that was on the dating game. Yeah, and that, effectively, you watch that movie about Chuck Burris, you know about the CIA, what's the house and name of that movie? It's good. You'd like that. I'll watch it. It's cute. And then, of course, they interview people like Jim Lang and some of the other game show people about Chuck Burris. In other words, it's interspersed with some like real-life stuff in there. It's pretty good. Does anybody really believe that Chuck Burris was just a CIA agent and was killing people over the world name, I believe? No, but he sure was a good b-s-er. Now, that show, the Gong show, what about JP Morgan? I mean, we could put a run there, but nobody knows who that is. That's what he says, specializing in fact, right? Rip Taylor, we could put him on there with a big silly mustache, Remember Rip Taylor? Of course. Who else was on that panel? Jamie Far, you mentioned it earlier. Jamie Far, I'm not too sure about it. WQA and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I got two nominations. Okay. First one is basketball, start Christian Leapner. Christian Leapner, who's out, right? Okay, well the other one, the biggest closet case in Miami, and forget the stories about, I go to strip dress and all that. Hank Goldberg. Really? I'll pick time to see him out. No, no, no. It's going out. Yeah, right. Right. I don't think so. Maybe it's rumored in your house here, but I think that's about it. 560, 560, 560, only Verizon and Singular Riders lines. How many of you am, hello? I'm Neil, thank you. That's me. Okay, sounds nice to you. This is me. Okay. I got a couple of my names. See a poll on it. Wow. I never dream we have about this many. It's just amazing. It's astonishing to me. Brett taking. Is it, okay, how about Rosio Donald? She's on there. She's having an A. Cool. And A. Oh, and A. I'm writing a little bit like right. Those three slices of meat. I think it's coming back up. Okay, good. I'm about the ripped tailers. I just got through saying that. Will be second to go. Okay. How about Taylor? For a non-a-u. For a non-a-u. I don't know about him. He's dead. Right. Well, he was a little bit on the shaky side. He was a little on the F.A. side. He was in Godfather 3. Remember that? I never saw. I only saw Godfather 2. Godfather 3. Played. He played Connie's boyfriend and got father. Wait a minute. Who's boyfriend, do you play? Why's the guys? I don't know. I never saw it. I think so. Okay. Another question I had here. I was a guy that called up to ask if he said that's for housewives with lovely and Miguel. No, I haven't seen it. I know he's running. I didn't take a hit. Why do I want to see that? Why not? He's like, oh, that just didn't run around what he made it. Yeah, well, that's good. I'm happy for him. Have a great day and put you up a little. Okay. Who cares? I got to be honest with you. People that, I don't know. I'm beyond that. If there's somebody really spectacular looking on it. I said, you know what? I think it's like Tom Welling and the Smallville. Is that still on even? Yeah, that's hard. I have a wife and the Coobsie. Yeah, it's just, you know, so he's a looks good. You know, we're also there. And what's your name? She looks good to Lana. Christian. Right. Crocodile. They got some new chick out there, but I haven't watched it. But if that's the only reason you're going to watch her show. I don't know. It's an indication to me. You're really trying to say, I have no right. You know? I mean, HD. If they put this, but housewives in HD, then I'd say watch it. I don't know if they're going to watch it. Or it looks like you can reach right in there like, you know, 10 month of shoulder. Give them a little squeeze. Put your arms around. It's like a group of sinners. 26 after one is five, 60 WQAM. When you shop for quality shoes, there are a lot of places you can go. In fact, there are shoes toers popping up all over the place. And then like six months later, they're gone because people are on to them. When they sell your off-brands, when they overcharge you, when they have no idea, when they just watch it or walk in and wander around, have no idea how to take care of you. That's not a real shoe store. Brandy has been around for years because they're giving an unbeatable combination. Personal, professional friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. All the top name brands in a business and unbeatable prices all the while. Like rock sports, floor shop, SAS, spirit, similar naturalizer, all the other top names in the shoe business. So if you want to take a career, your feet, this is the place to shop. Like people have been doing for years. Brandy is open every day, seven days a week. Monday through Saturday from 9 till 9, and every Sunday, 10 to 5. And you find Brandy's in that same great location where they've been doing it right for so long. 12, 90 North Federal Highway and Pompo Beach. And this week is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's. You can take 10 bucks extra off and all great women styles this week. So be sure to come in this store this week or visit a monoweb and do your shopping there at BrandySues.com. Your sense of need for new Rogers and exclusively on five six. You can do it. Daddy, do you want to have a surprise that will flow away? Of teaching, I love you. And I need your kidney. What? If you're the only compatible zone and then, what do you think of a taxi? Your dad's saving touch for the mall. I want you to meet your best mom. DJ, I love you. And I... What are you trying to say? I also need a kidney. I need it more than you. No, I need it more than you. This is ridiculous. I need it on liver. I need a phone marrow transplant. Are you guys crazy? Tell me your phone, I'm your daddy. Oh, glad. So is the shortcut that Blue is brings out the follow-up Richard Austin's kidney? Total. Ray Cones. Yeah. Ray Cones and somebody shoots. Ray Cones and Roy shoots sounds like a hockey game and raised it. Maybe he's show himself as he was short. He actually... I read a little bit about him. He envisioned himself. He was going to be like the next David Letterman, the next Johnny Carson. He thought he was going to be bigger than TV itself. But he was fine. That was a fine thing. He was a good job. And he had big shoes to follow because even though personally we despised Richard Austin, he did do back in the days when he could speak when he was fairly coherent before he weighed 300 pounds. I'll know too much of the schmoozing and the kissing and all that whole deal. But he was perfect for that show. Right. So Ray Cones came along to the good job following him. But then he blew his brains out. Dad, kids. Yeah. I'm not saying that he was gay. No, no. I didn't read that at all. I'm just saying he was a bastard for both his brains out when he had kids to take care of. My music is in like him. Do you ever think about that? Well, they may be was a bastard. That's why the kids didn't like it. Randy Moss is always sure to be fine for pretending to moon fans in Green Bay during what they were interviewing till he done you. You see that's your yesterday? No. And he explained the reason they rationed out the whole way. Oh, yeah. The black... About in Green Bay, we tend to fight against play there and they lose. As the team bus leaves the parking lot after the game. It's been a tradition at the Pacer fans moon the Pacer players. The Viking players. So he said, I thought it was kind of cute. I knew what he was doing. And when you really come right down, what's a big deal, huh? Wait, he told his pants down, no. I thought Tony Dungey said something like it was something to do with like because he's black or something. In Green Bay. Wasn't... No. Really? And I saw the interview. I saw the club he didn't say that. At least not the part that I saw. No, he said it's been a long standing tradition for years that when the Vikings play in Green Bay after the game the Pacer fans moon the bus. Oh, that makes sense then. Yeah. And so he was just giving it back to him as I a little cute thing he didn't right away. J-J-O-Bucks got all potted out. That was the scum saying. And that's the worst thing I ever saw. I mean Randy Mossage, Jackass anyway. He's a hell of a player, but he's a Jackass. Like to roll on the same thing. There's some of these guys that we just clowns. And the media as much as they criticize him, they focus on them. The whole game. Of course. We know what his hero looked like. We didn't have to see a 500 times during the game that freaked sure that he had there. But the main time is a lot of player. You see, what it says to me basically is that the league is so watered down and so many of the games are so boring. That he had to ask so many of these guys to spice it up a little bit. What's wrong with that? I don't have any problem. Well, they didn't pull his pants down. Didn't take a dump on the field or anything like that. So anyway, Tony, they all thought it was amusing. But when asked whether they off-find Mossage, he penalized again. A league spokesman recited NFL rules mandating discipline for obscene gestures or other actions Construits being in poor taste. I thought the hairdo was in much worse taste than the half moon. Yeah. A fine for the first off, instead of those guidelines is five grand. Mossage not previously been fine for such action. But did pay a 25,000 adult penalty in 1999 for escorting an official with a water bottle. In the last year, the NFL has dealt with a couple of highly public. We know about that, about Janet Jackson, Terrell, all in Terrell, excuse me. On Sunday, Moss got a touch on. We know that too. Just having a little fun with the boys Moss told a Foxion Porter to love the field. I hope I didn't entumble for it, but I'll fight it while taking the heat. Moss making $5 million this season declined comment yesterday. Fiking's coach Mike Tyson said he spoke Monday with our chair executive director of the Pairs Association. The league has called me Tyson. I didn't sit until last night. Tyson said he always thought of Green Bay fans is having a tremendous amount of class. We didn't take the acted that way Sunday. The coach told me he said he saw Moss's action and I thought it was kind of humorous. See, that's what I saw. It's not the kind of thing you want to see on national TV, but I understand what it was all about. Anyone who's played in the NFC central knows what that's about. The fans in Green Bay have a tradition in the parking lot after the game where they move. The visiting team's bus. It's kind of a unique send off. Dunji said I've seen it seven times because when I was with the Vikings, we lost it in seven times up here. Fox did not sure we've played Mosses displayed the ring again. Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, like America. For kids dying every day in Iraq. And as if people being blown away, oops, we've gone the wrong house. And we're worried about some guy does a fake half moon at the guy damn ball game. See, I had it dumped myself. I like that. I was sad. David. Yeah. I said, God. And the damn God. Dang ball game. Hey, Joyce, up Pox on you and your house. Okay. A Pox olives now on you. Crazy bitch. Man. You realize this stuff that they were trying to coerce this to sign. Just in the last five minutes alone, I could have been fired. How many times? Not third man. And suspended like a hundred times. Yeah. Because what they've been tried to do is like water where we think down. And they just don't get it. They don't understand. And you know, just plain sports sock or any other plain foot is boring. Nobody wants to listen to boring. If you want one and two shares, fine. We'll do it the way you want. You clowns, you non broadcasters, you simple things. You backwater, banjo, strumming, yahu's. You know Bob verbose. He was right about them. And you shouldn't have heard this story as you called an Amsterdam. Well, sure stuff about Greg and the Vs. How many QA and hello? Any, how are you? Pretty good, pal. I think I'll think of a very democracy's ridiculous. So making way too much nothing for anyone. Yeah, yeah. And they deal with that. Who cares? You know, I have a sense of humor for crying out loud. So the guy's got a little personality there. Who cares? He's a, he's a, a wacko. He's a great player. And that dungeon. He's about, he's about nuts as well. He went off on a throw-all-oh and so acting up on a night pregame skip. Right. Oh, well, that's a racial thing out there. But yet when the guy goes on this little fake moon-all, that's funny, that's hilarious. Yeah. At least they consist in Tony. Well, he's under a lot of stress. He knows they're going to get their ass kicked on Sunday, even in spite of what Josh is saying. Surprise everyone last weekend. Yeah. Anyway, two people to your list. Yep. Charles Nelson Riley. He's on her. Oh, my goodness. And, uh, cause the boy Tom Cruise. He's on her, too. Well, thank goodness for that. Two for two. You got a pair. Thank you, my pal. Thank you. Well, it's Nelson Riley. And if you missed it shortly today, we had one of the most incredible events in the history of the human race. First, and I'm how did I get to that lean on me thing and Bill Wooders? Where did that come from? I had no idea. But then, uh, we took out a lot of Charles Nelson Riley, so I slipped on the game show channel and sure enough, Matt's game was on. One of the, that one of the real old ones, but one of the more recent ones with a fake host whoever that is. And sure enough, uh, one of the things they were adding like you answered, she had a match. I don't know what that whole thing was match the other contestants answers through a whole bunch of things right and one of the things was lean on Me or remember lean over whatever the shit it fill in the rest right lean on me and then sure I've in the upper right hand corner there were Charles Nelson Riley. I mean only moments after I've been talking about now what about talk sweltering Your kids know that you do this Yeah, I already already looked Now this is is this the dating game after Jim lying left the Chris Chuck sweltering. He's just absolutely the worst he could be the worst game show Next to the guy with a bad neck. What's his name? I was just talking about the guy from the movie with game Bob you man. Oh, yeah, yeah get with it man. You better know your game show host because you sure is all done You heard that. Let's get some other Know we heard that what about We sure used the life-dick car philosophy for Michael Morris for families being the money grabbing Goop all of these guys gonna strike him down And it's an interesting that the only place people heard about it was here on the show or if they read the inquire about the Clark Second stroke In the fact that he is seriously Handy crap now and he can't speak it he can barely walk and that the Lord's smoked him a second time That'll teach him to play fast and lose with Michael and then look what happened with Chuck Heston When you mess with Michael more man you got real problems. I'm gonna say that right now Charlotton has to give him that brush off there Son of a yeah after made all those racially charged inflammatory and how come Charlotton has to get away with that What was racial slurs that he made in that movie that interview? Oh, he's got a lot of guns as you know You know plus of course he's the Moses and Jesus and Abraham and Solomon and all these guys and then shortly after that He was a Alzheimer's he don't even remember who that Michael Morris anymore So he would tell you and he sure is not remember that little girl like I'd shot in Flint and Flamish again And Columbine what's all of that that's what he would tell you now. It's always a convenient excuse I always thought that the Reagan thing was like, you know, he had Alzheimer's long before Right you understand like he was he was Persian for a long time like now. I have an idea which side was up Thank God Nancy had always got a straw of you Oh I'm the fun to see. The last day is one of my MITRA's in the race. All the fun we've been through so far, I hope those guys are always in the dark. And I don't know how you saw it. We've made it our stage so long like it. It's been a long time. We'll be safe this whole way. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I'm fired. I think that they're stuck in the river. They didn't suffer to the Lord. They den  e give you, with your choice of blood supply, theit  jeito nozerets give me money, without the doubt to go to a cloudless shelf. Your star<|mi|> will never win, or me dseslight, a gentl with your Sponsors with your own golden hill with you guy, horns de Ans conomes, and explain its cease of calm, then we'd confarea trad roccosolits. O 43, David, there will be a long from two to four the set no and followed by Jim Man is four to seven. We think that's permanent but we're not really sure. We better check and see if he's wearing his Got his permanent Steve Gulling Elstein's have a 10 and he kid 10. That's and we never did get the lineup right right. What is what is that freaking clearance doing anyway? Is he doing anything or anybody or what's the story there? What's going on? I don't know. I'm sure what? There's no hash in it out. I don't know. He's doing hash. That's your own fact. He's as he's a bottom-peer for your pull Bobby Brown. Hey there people on Bob and Brown. Not that Bobby Brown but nevertheless. We probably ought to play that you know. Hey there people on Bob and Brown. But I don't think it's a good idea. 560560, pound 560 on the Verizon signal rod of slimes. Lawyer did this story from yesterday man. This is this makes me want a gag. A lawyer for Charles Granger the accused ringleader in the Iraq Prison Review scandal yesterday compared piling naked prisoners in the pyramids to cheerleaders shows and said leasing inmates was also acceptable prisoner control. Don't cheerleaders all over America for him. Permit 680 times a year is that torture? Guy will mac-grayner's attorney said an opening argument to the 10 member US military jury and to reserve a sergeant's court marshal. I mean if that's his defense boy I think his clients got big tourists coming. Granger and private lindy England your girlfriend, Trevor Trash with whom we fathered the child is also facing a core marshal. The came the faces of the abugar ray prison scandal after they appeared in photograph that showed the great naked prisoners. The prosecution showed some of these pictures in their opening argument including several of naked Iraqi men piled on top of each other and another of England holding a crawling naked Iraqi man on a leash. Well Max said using the tether was a valid method of controlling detainees, especially those who might be sword with feces. Well this is an atlovly. Your keeping control of them may tell of his a valid control to be used in corrections you said and text us we'd last so them and dragged him out of there. He compared the leash to parents who placed tethers on their towers while walking in shopping malls. Ha ha ha ha. All right. Right it's a little bit of a stretch but nevertheless. WQA and hello. Hi man speak to rock sand this is Helen. What? How do I get it? May he speak to what? Rock sand. Rock sand. This is Helen. Do we understand that? So have you QA and hello? Hey Bill. Yes sir. Hey yeah dad I'm not worth it. Yeah. Jim neighbors. I'm there. We're going to go down that. Thanks. How about five six seven five six to pound five six to the end of a rise in singular where I was like that's my fault I'm not reading the results off of them but there's so many of mine there. I read the whole pool now would like kill a whole rest of the show we only got like 13 minutes left minus a three minute break right right. So like I said let's read the whole list. Eldon John and I got a kids out and are they I'm amazed at Paul and the soon doing so well I mean he was extremely funny committed suicide by the way. Did he I don't know he didn't commit suicide no he did his roommate his boyfriend committed suicide Jim Potter window hotel went on San Francisco. He left his parts in San Francisco on the street. Anyway here's what we got to look at that this three pages of this like I said if I start now we're going to have to like pre-ampathom show and maybe we could find out who it was that panic yesterday I don't want to start stitching anybody but the show ends into a clock not one fifty you have to worry about us we start on time when we're allowed to do it and thanks very good at that and like we end right at two o'clock within like a matter of moments of the top of the hour. How come we got cut off two minutes earlier today I played that last bit and they were got on the air though that was Robert Greeper. Robert Greeper was in there yeah cut us off early that's smart I can understand if we're like somebody knew some beginner they had in there with a working with more whatever in a control room what the was that Robert Greeper cuts us off short he said you heard the idea and you didn't hear the idea panic okay look at the clock see if have somebody read the clock he okay the problem with who was Robert Greeper all day you think since yeah clock the whole day long saw he knows have somebody read it to you when a little man hits your big hand okay and hits you and then you're over done schmuck anyway other than the who's your all-time favorite gay TV movie radio person out of gay buyer suspected or athlete or a human whatever out in jahnie five Paul in 61 Kevin Spacey 46 Tommy cruise 34 Ellen D. Jenner 26 may be my ovaman Marlon brand of 25 Terry grant 25 Leonardo da Vinci 23 Freddie Mercury 22 Nathan Lane 21 Charles Nelson Riley 20 Ian McEllen 18 Groove it all 18 and Aquana holia 16 Raymond Berther 13 Libra 99 James Dave Bullock nine the second a Sandra Bullock it's just a joke I love Sandra Bullock and you all that money the year was nice he's good Abraham like a native Jeff Gordon eight rock Husson eight arrow flint eight down below these seven Graham Chapman seven Ricky Martin six You're not full of anybody sweetheart where she Simmons five Olivia Newton's John five Oscar wild where him well I can't I can't stop doing it will him to foe Jim neighbors George Michael Danny K Norma Kent Anthony Perkins each have five Tony Perkins Portia de Rossi fought for derosi whatever name is Truman Capotty Madonna Rosio Donald my Comber Cliff Leo to Capio four and Bishop Angelina Jolie gay Edgar Hoover David boy built Tanner Eric Astrada James Dean so many O3 of peace Luther Vandras these at least I'll have a pair Luther Vandras Craig Stevens the a newspaper boy a channel seven traeicman Alexander the gay and Roy Horn You know all bro that got chewed up a little bit and one of these for Christian later. He's a good Christian John Revolta Mar Fleming which I have no idea why he's on there Mark Anthony Luis Miguel Michael Jackson play aching and we can't agree she's served Griffin Martin in the Vartalova Sandra burn heart make Jagger Salot's Olivier Brian or across Alice Redtellon secret fishbacher and Nanya look how may have gotten none sit with Taylor and hey stay with Cassidy Henry Winfield Dave Copay Chuck Conner's very manlow Richard Chamberlain Mike Piazza Dick Sergeant Bill Tilden Mandall Scott Brian Andrews Christopher Lowell Jeff Garcia Wally Cox Lucquistie and tab hunter in last place I'm I changed my vote from Gorvid all the tab hunter don't you generally when you think of All you think of tab hunter when the same breath no, I generally don't think of either one W QA and hello Yes, sir What is it? I'm looking at Prince and Hillary Clinton Henry Cliff Hillary Clinton all Hillary Clinton that's where you said how Mike are we clif Hillary Clinton okay, that's good. Sure the ice princess and Prince of course, whoever by said please Strange you've got it like a lot of areas like dresses like that right I think he is right on the part there was a freaky Carlos the receptionist same person I believe W QA and hello Let's see maybe she's got a good promotional in here. I'm second thought. W QA and hello Do you ever see by the way? I don't know if I ever mentioned it on here I think I did several months ago there was a piece I think was on the I don't know what never He's on but about the woman who records all of those messages I think of things up the life that before you know how she's in taxes. She has a student in her home Yeah, no matter where you go in North America even here in Canada You have that same voice on there and see because all those messages in and that's what she does for a look Right. I don't know if we saw the same piece but it was actually pretty fascinating Because you poured every word in fluxed different way and right Oh, well differently right. You're just unbelievable. I'm sure I'm not the only one who's ever wonderful See how come every damn thing I call I get every time I'm put on hold or something if I'm not here in music I'm here in that voice again and there she is she's in pretty like a realistic like human being kind of you know Well, that she was she wasn't Texas, after all W QA hello Yes, sir I'm doing great how you be doing man. Okay I cannot believe that he did not know who walked in Macado is I Think there is he's a big flaming astrologer that's local. Who's a flaming astrologer? I don't know Yeah, I see him there when I'm flipping. I don't know his name. See it that's who it is Like little watchy like Steven McLeod With the big bro Kated Chase and all my boys Okay, get him on here. Oh, I got my Hey, Spally get him on a Walter Mercado. He's a gaming game. They need to make a astrologer. Do you two by Nancy Reagan ever met up with him? Of course Ronnie didn't like his kind you know till he found rock Hudson at AIDS That whole deal and then of course build buckley the same thing when he found out one of his best friends had it He first he wanted to put tattoos on everybody remember that? No, I don't he wanted people were HIV positive to be forced to wear tattoos Kind of like the Jews in Nazi Germany and then all of a sudden one of his longtime best friends You're not a two of a been gay and had AIDS and die from it's my friend and all of a sudden he like kind of mellow a little bit Bill buckley like this other right wingers, you know They're all perfect in their all judge mental and then of course they start finding out that they were their best friends or their Brother lives or whoever it all goes oh, I guess what? Oh, well Kind of like a dick in the lynch and he would have bull daked auto Oh Time to get it on hey dude She's not too bad Yeah, no You You hear from the inside, the great cup of the sun, your divorce papers. You know, I can see how I've lowered the screw up yesterday, and the fancy and that bracelet and ID like it's the end of the hour. That'd be Josh's phone. That's a yellow thing. Is that your fault Josh? Well, I've always done that. Sorry. Well, if we always done, no, there's no problem with that. You can never have too many IDs. I mean, that's the idea to tell people what state I was going to do, especially. It's personally going to hear all that Spanish, chattering, and totem in the background. Yeah. Like, man, it's probably Walter Mercado and the Scila Cruz doing a duet. I can see that. So we forgive it this one time, Robert, but don't do it again. You know, what's good for you? Well, don't don't don't don't. Right. We'll stick Moania. So in other words, he's in their producing Mo shows. How would you tell me? That's right. And who else is in there? He's going to try to produce his show and that's right. Oh, excellent. Well, that's good. So they're like, at least, there's some people who don't know about that. No, no, no, no, no. That's a morning to it. What is it? It's Robert and it was the other guy. An intern, yesterday. Some of those Robert is like double-dip in his working, and a morning on Hank's show, and he's coming back into an emotional. No, Robert doesn't work on Hank's show. Well, when you just get through saying the wrong day. He's in by himself. He's in. He's in. Does anybody know what they're talking about? Anyway, I have the idea what that schedule is. You'll have to stay tuned for an hour. I guess that's our new programming scheme. Just keep tuning in and figure out who the hell is on first and what. And I noticed that once, I was talking about a certain word got bleeped in there. You know what I said? Because you want your that P word no more, Joyce. Bye, bye, bye.