Our David coming up in two I thought they were ready doing that no paying him the four million not this respecting is By the one at district's back to Zass a lot and the rest of them too Who probably because he was picking those dingleberries that would you know turn me or turn kind of That's really there's a right people still having breakfast Yeah, a little breakfast when he was doing that had to some matter of fact. No, I think he's you know He's Already getting this formula. He'll be spin it. I thought he was already I thought he was already getting the four million Yeah, is what I was trying to show you didn't I'm also not calling that guy to play for the Eagles T. Oh any more Why's that I guess that's bad the people in Toronto are not too happy about that. Well People disneyed people in Toronto and how about anything we do in the south of the board That's another that's another topic. It would really disney folks on Leafs TV over the weekend We're ripping the Ellen Cohen and ass like for his tremendous disrespect Roberto Lewong was very unhappy all the way you know what I mean let me tell you I'll know you got let me tell you the guys got they still have his rights for two years Why would they get him six seven million dollars? I'm not there as agent was anyone's form a year Is now on for what they offered them three seven five average that that agent for me Then we'll do it. Let me say about that agent. He's no norm tent, okay? Four million with do these He's a frog I Exactly my point that agent has one client. He makes the knees pop man look like a rocket scientist that is that agent One client Denny's a pretty good guy. I was almost as good as the day the guy called it about more the who did the operation on most here Who's I didn't catch that one? Yeah, you let our little smirk with I We got it on tape here. I don't recall. Yeah, I'll play as the president said about the When you do the filling between two and four that you're just filling in not for anybody in particular Pretty don't mention any name. Yeah, I do I stand the Howard David program. Yeah, right So that's what you're paying attention don't you have you're a high priced veteran rich talent and you pay attention If I say who I'm filling in I like your little I don't know That's how you get to the top that's all you say. That's why that's why you are where you are because you haven't missed those things I'm listening Oh I see he's got a tough week this week. He's only working two days And you know what I think about guys that only work two days a week in the summertime. Yeah I don't want to know about that they get paid more money than everybody in there smarter than everybody for millions Let's see Not in your buddy moly Jen come on. This is bad. Who do I know? I'm around we might have to see you guys bond little. Oh You mean there's morale here is the matter of fact We like that I knew it was hoping that would ask you but nobody had the cones, but I'll ask you What's that like have you do because it would fit in with all those book of Brian bits we played do a little toy do a do a do a do a for us? No, I'm not going No, no come on. Just one time guilty. No come on. Sorry Do it maybe by the end of the week. How much is one little toy? Nope. How about one little boy go Can you live with that? You got some you got some high price editing machines you can You know, you're gonna you're gonna figure in those things Alan do a the time. I'll tell him to leave my man Alan Cohen along Well, what does that mean? Stop ripping the guy like all the other mooses They're doing a good job Huh, yeah, well not him. I mean my kids a lot of rumors that they're gonna make a big trade with Ottawa really and get Well, because the Ottawa can play pay red and Zadino Charo, you know, they go on the train from the host and bowl mr for some An explicable reason to ask him a three million a year. Yeah, I mean what's he ever done to get three million I'm money there. They still aren't anywhere near the camp Right, well, they're not gonna be they're only gonna be about 30 million. Well, why is that? Oh, they're gonna want to get good first People don't pay for those bogus attendance numbers that they put in with an empty seats at house full every night My laugh and let's go for it. Yeah, it's full all right Full something I can smell the rum all the way up here full house. Yeah, so I think it's all can maybe bowl mr And I don't know who else maybe for Wade Redden or something like that. Which would be a great trade They need so that's ambiguity too much hockey talk here to start your start-in-a-polar rumor You brought you brought no rumors. I just brought it up because I saw it over the weekend Hang on to good tie in with you. You got your big you will have a playoff team anyway They're gonna make the playoff see that that's the good thing the bad thing is with this new schedule Oh my goodness. They're gonna be playing that those division teams being in the worst division in history of any sport Over and over Atlanta and Washington Atlanta. I'm gonna be good. Oh Carolein nothing could be fine. I did into blow up Carolinas I mean, yeah, what what kind of a friend? What is that? Rally's really nice on a Wednesday night in January. Now. Let's see who the hell went to Carolina? The hurricane. Well, Ray Whitley went to Carolina. You're man. He's gonna use air. So what the hell? He's not gonna be too happy about that. I think I got over Trevor Dowski too Chris he's used to playing in front of the empty crowd. So don't fit right in. We're in Columbus You know in Carolina. Hang on at the last time I played I talked to you, right? You told me remember that day that River called you and the deal was done and what I tell you I told you no, no, no, it's not gonna be done with full of crap at least he's consistent Yeah, he's never right Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, call me though. They heal him. Wishes not that it's our grave. See, which is the Panthers lose every game He didn't really come out and say it, but I know it and he still hates to these pot fans like poison I wish as he would just get rid over by a Mac truck. Well, I think it's not only poppin's a big member fan either, okay? Really the fan Denny? Yeah, but he needs to have a like poisons. Denny's a good guy. I don't understand what you and River ripping Denny popbing the next ever Anyway, he's always been good to me in all the years. He's him and Chris Moron, man What a fair they were pop pop pop pop pop they headed a little pipeline going getting to something that people might care about I doubt it Josh court has told me this morning that he actually tuned in the dolphin broadcast for the first time the other day Yeah, we can that's 17 if he lost and he said it was in the scrubberly bad He said that nobody actually does a play by play as Jimmy and Joe talking to each other Nobody actually does any play by play. You know, I didn't hear sad. I heard a little bit of the first game and you know I think it's a work in progress I think oh Jimmy Jimmy's never done play by play. Yeah, right. That's your qualifies him. I'll or you should know something about that But at least you did at least you did some games you didn't have to fill in well I did I did a lot of games in college. I don't play by play. Well, there you go LaCross and we did Jimmy do and I fell play by play or any college play by play any No, I don't think he did none Unqualified and unacceptable. Why do you guys suck each others but I just say maybe he'll get better Yeah, I made maybe Christmas will come a week from Shavuas too. Right, maybe he'll get better I love Shavuas and start peeing all over the place Shavuas is a good holiday. Don't you want to go on Shavuas take off You're pissed Take the day off and pretend them you could you for a day. Oh, here we go. Oh I don't disagree. I'm a bad Jew. What do you want? You got the name for it? Yeah, that's all anybody more we more Jewish than Stephen Goldstein Even Jaime lipships is not a second way to second yeah We got a guy working here and he'll his name is Shai Levy. Yeah, that's true Please, and his real name is Morda Kai Levy. Is it really? Yeah, you got the see now Then he's the order of high more to five me. I'm mortified to hear that you're mortified to hear about more to I mean he's a good guy. This is gonna kill you audience all this hockey talk That's okay, we're on for a hockey show Not we'll get it going in October when the panther started lightening up. Yeah I'm going to be pretty good this year. I like to move. You know you know me. I try to tell it like it is Well, they're good. You know what they're better and you'll hear are pretty peo to bother Letting you and die in the Roberts. Well, they had no choice I mean they could sign tied dummy and Wade B like and all these other goons here, man We have a these them he paid well what canons he can make a good move because he gave him an amount of money to Toronto could match If he offered him one seven five or maybe even two more ten chillin on Chris Ratney got some my good players on that team And you actually got some guys and which stumple you actually got three guys now That's a stumple man takes some face off. I think the Pope has been like those of stumple a lot The stumple yeah, so we're calling them now. All right. I'll let you go. Yeah, because my shift is over so In fact, maybe when Hank comes back, we in X week you could arrange interview. We can have the stumple around with a Humper. How's that? Have a great day, Yully You're pretty creative. Adios We're making a remastered by the master and a major himself you get timeless classics like Ian Boge Oh, he's a little bit Oh, he's wise Oh, and a new version of the movie brothers And if you act now you'll get a bonus CD now. That's what I call hurry all you one with all the former first ladies paid like And there's a special bonus And we 2000 can't pay things off. Oh, John's up it's just I got it was in love better mood today than he was last Thursday. We've a little early in squirrely last Thursday morning is our recall Notice how remember all these little VTL He's alright. He's okay, Gildy. He's going to do a good job in the panther your broadcast and the organization is making some moves They're gonna make a playoff this year and nobody cares But that's another story Jerry North Carolina facts is for the poll today and having even gotten close to that haven't even gotten your poll results from yesterday What's up? But it's always talking about screwing screwing. That's a Georgia's the old man screwing. I always Learn away from truth some moving my drugs moving man a best TV product that actually works plastic discs to put under heavy furniture to move around the room A moving man says Jerry and North Carolina moving man. Okay, put that on next up. We'll get to it No hurry. So a Josh court ascends a spy report on the dolphin broadcast on the other station What's to say that was an already said it was a Abysmal from my listening standpoint abysmal wow there was technical problems. There were there was no play by play There was I don't know that's enough said right there. There are two guys talking and usually at the same time Yeah, you know Don't reach over him. Oh pretty sad, you know, but then again I think it's a match made in heaven the dolphins as you've already seen in preseason In fact any organization that's talking about signing 10 couch because they're so desperate for a quarterback That should tell you gonna be spending a lot of time on the couch in a prone position if you're a doll fan I'd give it up for lent is what I would do and what's this stuff? I'm here at about time Brady's got a sore shoulder or bad arm or something Oh geez, maybe we can just postpone football this year got a bad before we do the pull result Bad piece of news a very famous person. He's not famous by name, but his invention was famous You he died at the age of 71. I bet you didn't talk about this yesterday No, I didn't I'll give the audience the same audio clue that I gave you Robert Mug no kidding. I speak in a hockey no relation to Andy Mug the hockey goal I'm gonna spell this in the same way Robert Mug who's self-named synthesizer turned electric currents in the sound and opened the musical Wame the wave that became electronic as daddy was 71 You That's all an ass bill North Carolina according to his company's website he suffered from an operable brain tumor Detected an April a childhood interest in the in the theorem in one of the first electronic musical instruments give it here That don't theorem in sounds like something he would take for a bad headache Would lead mood to create a career and business that tied the name Mug is tightly of the synthesizers as the names of the name less called his to electric guitars Never less Paul a Mary Ford yep via cone dios Despite traveling in circles that include jet setting rockers He always considered himself a technician. I'm an engineer I see myself as a tool maker in the musicians are my customers. He said in 2000 they used the tools as a PhD student engineering physics at Cornell University Moog rhymes with a moog rhymes with Vogue Really all these years have been calling it the moves synthesizer. It's moog just like Andy mode How do you like that? With Vogue you would everybody else I know Including me didn't you call it the moves? No, it's a move double load anyway And 64 developed his first voltage controlled synthesizer modules with composer Herbert Doich by the end of a year are a Mogue company marketed the first commercial modular synthesizer and all these jingles were coming out with the The instrument allowed musicians first in a studio later on stage to generate a range of sounds that could mimic nature or see Mother why otherworldly by flipping a switch pushed in a dollar sliding a knob other synthesizers already were on the market in 64 but moog stood out for being small light and versatile The arrival of a synthesizer can just as the Beatles another musicians started taking ways to fuse Psychabolic drug experiences with their art the Beatles use a moog synthesizer under 69 album Ammy road a moog was used to create an eerie sound in the soundtrack to the 71 film a clockwork orange Oh, that you didn't know that you had it right up. Well, I figured out that the size of stuff was Luke. Mogue keyboardist Walter Carlos Kevin straighted the range of moog synthesizer by recording the hit album switch on Bach in 68 using the only the new instruments that are orchestra I has that record did you really yes I did switch on Bach suddenly there was a whole group of people in them now. What was the Oh, gee, what was that song trying to think of not incense and peppermint's the Oh, geez Do all what they were doing the phasing maybe that wasn't the most synthesizer that was as phasing they were divided Oh, there you go So I'm called moogi Suddenly there was a whole group of people that were looking for a new sound in music and it picked up very quickly Go to the hopper University Emeritus music professor up to help promote prototype set in 2000 maybe with the associated press The popularity the synthesizer and the success of the company name for moog took off in rock as extended keyboard Solo's and songs by man for man. Yes, and Pink Floyd became partly progressive sound of the 70s the sound he find progressive music as we know it said keep Emerson He borders to the rock that Emerson Lake and pama Along with rocks and society's bumps and slow great two happens for elements of 70s funk hip hop and techno Robert Moe died and it took his death for us to start pronouncing his name the right way. How do you like them? In fact, maybe you know the moment Don't don't don't always call him by an end that he resents Don't don't don't maybe if he would die we call like you know what he thinks. Let's go to shoot in Or how about just a dead man? 10 14 at five 16 W Q M on our great Tuesday. We haven't had any ball game today to shorten our low We have one on Thursday not quite as good of a job as you had yesterday with a 12 30 pregame Marlins are smoking baby. I spoke that they're like right on the edge Isn't only one team out of the wild card right now. I think that's right and they're like closing on the coma inducing brave So singalues almost every day and I think it's gonna be good Run down to the wire. You know, let's let's get behind that team It's like let's build a bit indoor that nice tone stadium I would contribute a hundred bucks to that that's a little bit of a known sin because then they could do like their cups and start playing a lot of day games Because the weather would have no impact. They're gonna remember you said that. Huh? You'll contribute a hundred bucks Now contribute a thousand about art. They would help if they would start the games at noon every day Oh, yeah, I'll contribute five thousand. What do you say? All right give it to me. I'll give it to him next time. I'm out of stay out of it. You will now let's you'll give it to him 10 14 if I She's now when you say your girlfriend has a water magic bullet. Yeah, magic bullet blender No, have my junior Me Oh we are I'm full. In here since I changed my underwear. There's a support and a spirit in there. All Republicans dropped their overall. Rectom and Phil, my tank. We've spent this crew. Road is fantastic for girls and athletes. Breathe for them infreisible, watch for them. BeAf her so much force and пят- versus swords. Swear to your Hollandrest.bins-shaat well-set you. The stсли grass, the villan M. However, next all the time, 21 past 10 at 5, 60W QA and let's take a look at that schedule. We have to mow myster. How are David and Ed too? Tuff wicking in this way. He's on for a couple hours. They're capable camp. We're filling in for the mad dog at four. And then at seven o'clock, Jesse Agler. I have no idea who that is. Is he good? Yeah, he does up dates and that's. Is he like a board-up? No, he just does up dates and Marlon Zester. Oh, he does up dates. Yeah. But right now, the knee come from. He's been here a little bit. Jesse Agler, who does up dates, will have Marlon Zester at seven o'clock. Followed by Marlon Zondek, which is, uh, I don't know what the hell the difference is between Marlon Zester and Marlon Zondek. But I guess you'll have to tune in and find out. Marlon Zondek, a pregame showing in a Marlon Zondek at the Milwaukee Brewer is, well, why is there any reason for that franchise to still be around? I guess because the commission owns it eight o'clock tonight and then any camp for the ballgame. Let's see, here's a fact that says from art in, uh, what is that? Art LTO? I don't know. What does that mean? I don't know. LTO is Lodderdale. Lort Lodderdale. I see. Anyway, art somewhere, it says a bit of information on, uh, most of the monkeys, you, and they says, eh, I like the monkeys. Okay, I like their meal. Yeah. They were all ugly, but I still like similar me. Why, you didn't like some of the monkey style? I like the monkey stuff, some of it. Dave Dream believer, oh, you sleepy queen, you're fairie. The monkeys used one in a song called Daily Nightly. The mougles played by Mickey Dolan. He was a drummer, which he do and he made an up for a knee. He and Peter Chorke were doing a musician. He's in a Chris Baby Jones, Snowdiel, bad. And who is the other one who might lead an out? Don't tell me. Or tell you, H.E.C.Coup Park was a song I was trying to say. I'm not a monkey. It's a small face. I'm not a monkeys. It's a Coup Park by the small faces. Remember that? That wasn't a mougle that was a phasing. You give up yet. On Lort de Monkeys, let's see now. I just started for crying out loud. Michael Naceman, the other one. Here is the real musician. That's right. Well, so three of them were like me. I mean, Michael Naceman and Peter Chorke were musicians. Mickey Dolan was the drummer. He was a musician. And then of course, David Jones, he played the tambourine. How about Green Tamourine by the 11 piper? Yeah. Now we're talking. Some real heavy duty music. Yeah. Wow. Okay. Thanks a lot, Archie. Are they trivia? The monkeys were playing with Andy Mogue. So here's Paul from yesterday. Here's George's Paul 936 votes. Who's gotten this? By the way, our poll day, our goal on our poll is 200. Oh, right. Okay, see. Yeah. Well, I don't want to like on a 23rd of August. This is really dog day is now. I don't want you to feel real bad, but it's mostly sunny in like 72 here today for a high and no humidity. I just, I just mentioned that in passing. 936 votes. Who? I never had her. I was sight out of mind. The Brazilian guy that got shot in London. His name was, uh, which made Jesus something like that. That's probably. 86. 286 votes that poor guy. And it all kinds of articles on our prestigious website telling you that, uh, they screwed up bad. Really bad. And they lied to cover their, you know, cover their ass. Anybody that watched CNN and that very, very lame so-called documentary or investigative piece last night at a clock. That was the worst way to, our, I could have spent better time picking naval in, out of my, uh, naval out of our, uh, tojo jam, out of my feet. Anything. Then watch an aircraft. Just as either expect from CNN or any other American, uh, TV network, just watered down, milk toast, you know, and there's colon, Powell and of course he got misled with, was all the intelligence to give them this bad information in Europe. And it said this and about a week, but it will not have to throw a bunch of freaking liars. They animated that, but they did so. Just like guilty, they're, tiptoed around the two looks because he doesn't want to knock his buddy Jimmy Sifillus. See what I said about that sports fraternity. They're all in bed together. You fair. That's right. All in bed together. And then you know, you know, you know, all the Jimmy Sifillus, you fair. That tells me a lot. I mean, Josh Curtis, he didn't hold back. He told me that it sucked into his horrendous and grotesque. It was pathetic. Hey, but maybe they'll get better. Huh? Yeah. What are response? It's just like that idiot Jim Sarny writing that suck up column about rich martial arts. Friday. I saw it, Sarny. You're not fooling anybody and by the way, what was the results of that poll, huh? They take the polls and then they like, disappear when either. Don't come out the way they want to vanish. They're too embarrassed. Because, you know, all the Jimmy Sarny and Barry Jack is what they do. They don't write columns with opinions. What they do is they suck up to anybody who will talk to them. So if you're any, if you're connected with the sports world, whether you like the abat boy or the locker room, tall guy or whatever, just talk to either one of those guys know right. He's glowing articles about how rich wealth is getting better and he finally discovered what it means to be the voice of the team and they were playing a game and a runner was rounding third and he yelled, go, go, go. And then all of a sudden that made him realize that first of all, no. Even the most biased Terry Carrey Bob Prince would never say, run, you'll run like that, you know? I can just see that in a pirate's game, Bob Prince in. Run Roberto, run. I mean, just in any of Sarny or a moron, I can't wait to La Humver gets back next week. I'm going to just really get into it with him about his friends. See, the name of that awful guy that lives in Book of boring guy, what the hell is his name? That there's the NFL. Oh, that guy. The guy that did that horrible job on a red socks reds play off that one ever forget. Dick, uh, what isn't they stocked him? He's horrible. Uh-huh. And if he plays golf with moanies or good buddies with Hank, is there all I can bed together? You're not going to get any objective report from these guys on it. They're all in the same kettle of fashion, boy, you can smell it. Anyway, who got screwed to worst? The guy forgot Shondon London, 286, Al Gore 225, he won. There's a new book out by the way about that, which I'm going to have to find out the name of that. I already did, but I didn't write it down. Stolen elections. Okay. Pretty good stuff. I have to go out and get it. Bill Petn 97, Richard Jules 52, Dan Marino 47. No, why is that? Because he didn't wait until when the Super Bowl is at that's right. That's right. Yeah, that's right. He had a hard time. He had a hard time. Danny handed a ball off like it was a loaf of bread. Pete Rose 40, John Kerry 37, Susan McDurl 37, force Susan. Cindy, she had 28 or is it she and Sodom who's saying 23, Valerie Plam, and they are sung by the plain game. 21, the Ramsey's 14, Bruno Huffman 12. See, I voted for him. Yeah. But who the hell remembers the Lundberg baby? No, I missed. I mean, I mean, I'll go over Chalk 10 and that he got screwed at birth with that purple stain on his forehead. Remember that song by Jimmy Hendricks purple stain? It's not a new name. David Corresche 7. That was your display yesterday. It's he who parked by the small faces. Let's play some most synthesizer today. I don't know if I ended up in the room. 28 past 10 at 5, 16, W.Q.A. Nine, an inside of a high in the true Hollywood celebrity music bag or a few profile story. You may not know who the rim brands are, but they wrote the theme song to the most popular sitcom on television. No, no, we're not according to Jim. Friends. Come on, come on. Do you realize how many times on how many TVs in the world are in the world? How many markets are song gets played every day? Rembrandt's co-founder, Phil Soma. How long would you say we've been talking now? 30 seconds. In that 30 seconds, I have just made enough to pay for three more horrors. Be right there, my little biological receptor. Yes, all know the Rembrandt have no real talent. They make roughly $50,000 every seven minutes. The layman's turns, that's enough for $866,000 a year. And on the talk of Skanky or as either, these are the top of the line horrors. There is nothing to fill and I like better than channel surfing. Rembrandt's other co-founder, Danny Wilde, describes how he and Phil Soma spend hours with the remote calculating their earnings. The third one, TBS. There's a horror for the boys. And the local WVF failures. Another horror. I'm not funny, I'm not funny. That's the best episode tonight. For I show another horror for the eyes of the day. The Rembrandt. So there's spending other money on horrors. At least they're trying to be real rock stars. It's a big juicy shopping with like a show business tonight. Uninside the line. 1034, 26,34, and 5,60, WJM. MSNBC is doing a poll. Did Pat Robertson go too far by calling for the assassination of Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez. They've got 19,000 responses on their poll a little bit more than we got so far. 82% say yes. 15% say no and 3% say not sure. And of course, the 15% say no. Obviously, there was a board of inquiries into always choose life. Of course, the post-corruption. I'll get to that Pat Robertson's story moment. See, basically, this is their true colors really come out. Let's kill him. Yeah, that's what it really comes down to. Anyway, the most important story that they buy far, a Belgian nun's Aquabatican in Decarus dancing with a missionary during the Catholic World Youth Day in Germany in Colono over the weekend. Now, I saw the pictures of that and it just makes me want to cry. Because Colono is such a beautiful city. And the idea that it was infested by these brainwashed, these quizzlings, these simple-dened punks. And it's really sad. But of course, to show you, like I said last week, brainwashed a really Works Boys and Girls, it works like a charm. It's best if you get to them in a really young way. Get to me, I'm going to brainwashed them in a little bit too. And then, of course, they're like automaton's. A Belgian nun's Aquabatican in Decarus dancing with a missionary during the Catholic World Youth Day in Germany over the weekend. They're in her a reprimand from her mother's superior, a Belgian who was a paparist on Tuesday, meaning today. I'd like that. I wonder if Whitney is going to meet that same mother superior to the other video. That's what you don't want to pass, I'm sorry. Daily had lots in use in Brussels showed pictures of a dancing Johann and Bertolmann being held up in the air by the missionary. And then, cleaning them with their legs wrapped around his body. This is starting to sound like that video I showed you at that time by Van O'Neill and I remember that one. And then, was that his answer and naked with the none? I remember that too. Yeah. I wouldn't do this at home, but it's such occasions I get carried away by the enthusiasm of the group. The 29 year old told a paper later. My mother's superior raised the issue today. She thinks I should watch out of it and bear in mind that I represent our community, Bertolmann said, Pope Benedict attended the celebration at the Marion Field outside Colon in the presence of some 700,000 people. And I'll stand to seven or a million over the weekend. They were saying that's that's that's 700,000. There were a lot. Way too many brainwash mesmerized. These people need to be programmed immediately if we're not sitting or all religions, all cults are all the same. They're all malignant. Now, and here's a perfect example. What am I saying, way? Thank you. All right. I didn't do the poorly. I did not. Look. Here's the apple we got for today. And I was inspired. I was inspired to this book as I saw that's faker. I got several. I'm going to rip him an ass today at a great length. Kevin Chudo. Peyton O'Pierre, earlier Chudo. I'll tell you that. Kevin Chudo. I remember I asked you a few months ago. I said, you know, there's this guy pedaling this book. And of course, you know, it's easy to go on and not the FTA and the FTC. And that's easy to do because anybody with a brain agrees with that. But I was involved in his last time I was in South Florida. And right at the counter, there was the books. So I felt, well, it's 30 bucks. It's not going to forward. I'm going to make it. 30 bucks. Just pick it up and see just how much quackery. Quackery would be an understatement. But I was telling you that he used to be the interviewer on these cheesy infomercials, including that curl, calcium and all the stuff that's quite great. Now he's the guest. He's the expert. He's the author. And I'll tell you a while later. He, I mean, you can hear the air flag duck making those quacking sounds. Do not buy that book. Please don't buy anything that Kevin Chudo is perling to you. So I thought about good stuff. That's been bought on TV. Like my flavor wave. And I'll show you the power of needle how it's vanished. And this to me is like a personal slap in the face. I can't believe the flavor wave, the less oven that I've raped about that I use. Every day that I bought one for George and one for Josh and one for just about everybody. I know. And I love it. And it's got one vote and that was mine. Yeah. How's that concept, how do they do? What's the, and I thought, oh, all these people in the audience are going to be buying it. They're going to be loving it. Maybe they bought it and they hated it. I don't know. I'll find out, I guess. What's the best product you ever bought from a TV infomercial? We got 245 votes. We got a shot of 300. And I've never bought anything. 170, six. Well, maybe you're smart because most of the stuff they pedal on there is crap. Most of it. Not all of it. Most. See if, if it's good, it would sell it in stores. You can go in and you can get a feel of it and see it. And you know, you know, you know, never bought anything from an infomercial 170, 60, overwhelming that 70% of our student audience. The mean, lean grill and machine, which George bought me one of those several years ago. George format has got to hold me much of crappy just signed a pedal. I'm not going to do this yet. Even later in meaner. Yeah. We like George format. Good old ball guy. Ron Ko Showtime Rotisserie 10. That's Ron Popeel's best product. I've never, I believe that. We just said it and just woke away. No, that's the flavor way. Set it and forget it. Come on. You just, you know, that watching your infomercial. I'm not going to drop for that. Set it and forget it. The all-per-food vacuum sealer seven. The pocket fisherman seven. You can see amazing things you can do with that. Ionic grease air purifier. I have on the other room for, right? It must be something that's after he cleaning it out and it's got like schmutz on it. You know, if he cleaning that thing, Jacqueline Jusor three. Jack just turned 200 by the way. Happy birthday, Jack. Have you ever seen that thing? No. And at the end of the show where he sings the song. It's like his wife is like holding him up during the entire show like in the, and the juice that he's drinking is like dribbling down his chin. It's embarrassing. But it might be a good product. The Jacqueline Jusor three, the magic bullet blender two, with a cheesy British guy and the very attractive blonde who will allegedly says, wife, but I doubt it. The ronco food needs to hydrate or two. Oh yeah, that's good for drying out your weed man. Moving men one. Ronco vegetmatic one. AB the abslide one. AB Cohen. The abslide. The flavor waves along something. I want to vote next. Mine. Oh, what a slap that is. Man, a purple shot. No power on this show. I know something. I don't care. George loves his, Josh uses his and we like it. Yeah. So if you want to bet, walk fit, thunderstorm stick pro mixture and the ronco pasta maker so far have got to make it. Oh, it's not effective. Anybody out there wants a couple of ronco pasta makers. I think George and I could arrange that. You'll have to pick him up. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. Two. Two. The Lord even loves Neil Rogers. And Robert Zam. And Jerry Fallwell have joined together. The bring you the tasty food of God. Introducing Pat and Jerry's Ice Cream. Feature in a variety of flavor. Every front of middle case will enjoy. Like all his on thought. And he's flavor beige ice cream with blue cheese chunks. Lots of hot some juice. Harry's flavored ice cream with chunks of salad. A flavor your chore to hate. Just like those rice killers. The body of blood of Christ within us cream with vanilla chip of only sacrament laced with red wine. And that lives been made. Blood red ice cream with yellow banana flavored lips that will let any fundamental case with the kiss of death. And everybody's favorite chocolate jungle monkey. Jesus says it's great. Back Jerry's Ice Cream. The fundamental case treat with substance. 14 to 11 at five six. You've got to be here cutting system. So you said these series about them or is that what you're getting? What? The phlobe here cutting system. Yeah. I guess they're serious. And the singing bass. What the hell is that? Oh, the singing bass. You know, you put it on the wall. It's a. It does. Oh, seriously. What is it? It's a singing bass. It turns towards you. Ten minutes like that. The singing bass. Okay. Put it on there. Here's a singing vaster. I'm going to be sings. You're not conservative Christian broadcast. Your pad Robertson is called for the US to assess and A Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez. Oh, my God. Call him a terrific danger. Ben on exporting communism and Islamic extremism across the Americas. This is this is what fundamentalist Christianity is all about boys and girls. Hate kill. Get on. But don't forget to his life. If he thinks we're trying to assassinate him, I think we We ought to go ahead and do it Robertson told viewers on the 700 Club show yesterday. It's a whole lot cheaper than starting a war and even showing a How many times I see it already this morning? But third man Robertson, a contender for the Republican Presidential nomination in 1988 called Chavez a dangerous Enemy to our South controlling a huge pool of oil that could hurt us badly. That's right. Let's grab that oil. That's what it says. No, Bible doesn't it? Yeah. It could hurt your enemies and grab their oil. We have to be able to take them out. I think the time has come that we exercise that ability Robertson said We don't need another $200 billion award. It would have been a one strong arm dictator. It's a whole lot easier to have some of the co-burt operatives do the job and then get it over with. Yeah. We'd like to clear it. There is a guy who's on the air advocating murder. Okay. Oh, and speaking of that. How about that Iraqi constitution? Yeah. Can't complain about the women's rights in Iraq because they're They're not going to be any. They're going to have any rights. But they will be able to get married at the age of nine. Did you hear that? You'll feel the shy. Yeah. Yeah. It anyway. Robertson accused Chavez a lettering populace with close times to Cuban person in Fidel Castro. I've tried to make Venice way like a launching pad for communist infiltration and Muslim extremism all over the continent. This is in our sphere of influence so we can't let this happen. Chavez has said he believes the West is tried to assassinate him, following that Venezuela, which he comes from more than 10% of US oil in force would shut off the floor of oil if that happens. Robertson's comments yesterday with the latestness Strang of controversial remarks in recent years by the religious crazed broadcast to inform the Christian coalition. I got this where I got a better idea. Let's take that Robertson out. What do you say? Yeah. A to lunch for a walk on a leash. Last October during the heat of the presidential race, Robertson told CNN that during a meeting with President Bush proud of the invasion of Iraq, the president told him he didn't believe there would be any casualties. The White House strongly denied the claim. There wouldn't be any. It only like close to the 1860s. Well, that's about $1000 now. And may during an ABC interview Robertson ignited the firestorm of the response to a question about whether activist judges or more of a threat to America than terrorists. If they look over the course of 100 years, I think the gradually rose to the consensus that's held our country together is probably more serious than a few bearded terrorists who flying to buildings he said. The funding is a margin led to the Senate or Frank Lawtonburg. Robertson insisted it was not being cavaliere about the 911 attacks, but he also refused to apologize saying Supreme Court rulings on abortion. We're religious expression in the public square for choreography and same sex mirrors. Our all of themselves gravered dangers and decades to come. Then the terrorist, which our great nation is defeated in Afghanistan and Iraq. Well, that's right. That's right. That's right. And October 2003, Robertson criticizing the state department during an interview on the 700 club said, maybe we need a very small nuke thrown off on foggy bottom to shake things up referring to the nickname for the department headquarters in Washington. State department spokesman Richard Boutchier called the remarks to speakable. See that we got that's ficting and they're despicable. In July 2003, Robertson asked his audience to pray for three justices to retire for this Supreme Court, so they could be replaced with more conservative jurists. One justice is 83 years old, another has cancer, another got a heart condition if you said. Robertson's insist he was only con for prayers for the justice history of retire and was not asking his followers to pray for their demise. In November 2002, Robertson charged that the Muslim holy book the Quran incites followers to kill people of other faiths and disputed bushes characterization of Islam as a religion of peace, but they have the Bible done. It's clear from the teachings of the Quran and also from the history of Islam that it's anything but peaceful Robertson said in the Subsequently, of course there are peace-loving Muslims but at the same time, at the core of this religion is Jehaad and it is subject to the unbeliever that either the force conversion or death. That's what it teaches. They've got the Christians never to die. Okay? Yeah. Subjecting people of the force conversion or but a bang. Well, you know, way way back when they didn't have any guns, so these more creative methods. The Ronco-20-5 piece knife said, okay, okay, can you see that in commercial? No. Just slice them and dice them and walk away or forget it. Just slice them and walk away. The Ronco-25 piece knife said. Yeah, yeah. It's not 25 though. Whatever you're talking about, so I'm more than that. I think I think 3000. Anyway, the Ronco knife said you have to put a number in I got it. How's that coming so far? I'm so depressed about that flavor wave. I could like jump off a tall building. So do that. What's the best product you ever bought from a TV and from where she'll we got the $292. Our goal is $295. Never bought anything $25. 70%. To 12 now. Oh, look at that. I've got our 302. They're pouring in chunks. The meanly grilling machine 40. That's a good thing. The thing I like best about that is a course on both sides. Simultaneously side by each. The Ronco Showtime Rotisserie 12. You just said it and just flowed. The Ultra Food Vacuum Sealer 8. The Pocket Fisherman 7. That sounds like kind of fidgety. I'll switch you to me. I don't know. It's hard. Anybody's got one of those in their pocket. I wouldn't trust to do it now. Magic Full of Blender 4. The Ionic Reservoir 4. The Jack Lanes User 4. Hey Jack, wake up sweetheart. Are you taking a nap? The moving men too. The Ronco Food dehyrators got a pair. The Floby haircut or one. The Ronco Vegermatic 1. The Adslide 1. The Ronco Pasta maker 1. And my flavor wave. The Luxeven's only got my vote. Oh my god. The singing bass. The singing bass. The rock fit and the thunderstorms. The song is so far. I've got the big. I remember that to Pasti brother. The song is like a commercial. She was ridiculous. Some of the people have noticed that it's like about the same half dozen people. Back in the day when I bought my first big satellite. I had about 100 years ago. Everything. There was just so much stuff on there. There's been for the scrambled anything. It was just tons and tons of interesting and the bizarre stuff. And they had all these. You think there's a lot of information on that. They were like a trillion of mine back then on the dish. And there was a guy who now supposedly is Ronco Peel's uncle. I think he calls him uncle Sam. And I don't know how he's got a Jewish uncle. They don't come anymore. Goeist and Ronco Peel. I don't think. But at any rate, so not uncle Sam is on there in the beginning of the in life. I said, information. You better start watching your information. Because, oh yeah, kill some good time. Right after passion. Speaking of good time, a proud county judge yesterday. We confirmed a zorded that the installation of a machine should not be delayed while gaming venue owners wait for county and state officials to draft regulations to control voter approved gambling. You know what judge this is? It's a total total. The moment. Photos in March as well. We know they approve it. And is ruling yesterday. Circuit Judge Leigh Roy Moe. Said the longer the lay and setting up the slots, the longer voters are being ignored. It's got a picture in a son-central article. I'll say the herd article here too. Don't expect them soon. It's got a picture of some people sitting at slot machines. There's four of me here. Guess what slot machine game it is. We'll afford. And good guess. We'll. Of. Purchar. That's it. Most order yesterday was a response to an argument made June 22nd by Brown State attorney Michael Sats that slot machines cannot be installed until regulations were granted by the state legislator. The new order list is stay on most first order that automatically took a FEC one sense appeal. Judge Moe said the voters had voted to have slot machines and it would title the have their votes counted. Said Tom Julian and turning for the county's four per mutuals. The per mutuals are not rushing forward to put in slot machines before the regulations are drafted, but they won't wait forever. And the Harold story says don't expect slots immediately. The owners of four per mutuals that one would install slot machines are working with state law makers and Brown County commissioners to drag regulatory guidelines. They also expect that the governor is going to convene the special session this fall as your fat ass governor. The force the legislature passed regulations. Circuit judge Moe said he appreciated efforts to come to an agreement outside of the court. But was concerned that a voter approved the constitutional amendment wasn't being enacted. That's why he agreed that the per mutuals could go forward with their plans even as the lawsuit was pending. I think and commend everyone who's working together and try to resolve the issue outside of the court. Most said the fallout. I have no control of where I may be in charge, but I'm not in control. That means a lawyer for the county's three horse tracks him on high-lifron. Tons said that the four per mutuals would continue to work with legislative and Brewer County commissioners. Their lawyer Tom Duelinson. I think the SEMBER one is a good sort of outside date. There's only so long that you'll wait. State law makers fail to write. I mean, we know what they do. They're still in the wall and they're, you know, it's been in a way. It's like they always do the bullet train. Everything that you people want, the class size, everything. They just have these peculiar ways. They have ways. And they just do whatever they want. And the public says, oh yeah, we like that fat ass governor. They took a pool and one of the papers this morning about the education is a better or worse under Jet Bush. And like over one, I think it's in the Sun SEMBER. Over one, I mean, worse. Maybe that's one of the reasons that he's so popular, you know what? It could date. Because whatever a public co-votes for, he says no only education, you know, all this other crap. It's crap. He's got devious plans, man. And it dysfunctional families. This is Neil Rogers. This is five, sixteen. Two, five. Three, five. This is the Neil Rogers. This is the Neil Rogers. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Hey, D. Why can't we say, In addition to the bottom, that twice the go-way? But we can still say that. Twice the above, look at it. Six times one, she gets, she's don't think that. Eight boys, we can't say, Like, That's the last your passion day. We have to please push for kids to play at that. Thank you, D. When you better call on Pernie, throw grab ready, He'll show, especially at what I read. Blanky, ho, oh, I need to go, go, go. She plays with us like a doctor. And we can't say, Don't go, don't lie. I don't know. I said, go, go, go, go, go, go. Go, go, go. Eight boys, we can't pray. We can't say, That's how I have a secret, run by me. You miserable, hateful bitch. Okay, I'm qualified. Can I always think about that over the weekend? For you? About Joyce? No. And about the fact, remember they try to get here all of us to sign out you, But the important people. Uh-huh. The sign-ups contracts where we wouldn't talk about this one. We wouldn't talk about this one. We wouldn't talk about this one. We wouldn't talk about this one. We wouldn't talk about this one. We wouldn't talk about this one. But now it's a sales department. See, this is just another way to censor what we can talk about. Oh, well, anybody who ever advertised on any station in the history of mankind, Oh, you can't, you know, on this other crowd. This is just another way of them coming in like the back door. Right, don't, you know what I'm saying? What do you say? To continue censoring and repressing and not letting us to say what they'll We want. So anybody out there would think that it's like the old day like back in the day. When we pretty much could give our opinions on anything and say whatever we want for good about it. Because now it's Bush is America and it's Joyce is America and it's the American In the way, okay? WQAM, hello. You know, yes sir. That's a product that we're going from in from our show. Have to be motivational tapes from Anthony Robinson. Really? Yeah, I love them. For the next speaker? Huh? He's not a faker. I'm above for Alms, I guess they were. Okay. All right. Thank you. Okay. He likes that faker Anthony Robinson. Would I head with that gigantic head? What does he want? He's above ground so they work on others. You know who he is. I know who the the faker is. Yeah, right. I read a whole article about him real. And anyway, Anthony Robinson motivational tapes. Let's get that on their right. It's going to go zooming towards the top. You'll see. He's one hell of a speaker man. He's one hell of a. But we put it with the snake world salesman kind of like Emerald L'Akassie. Come in to QAM. Hello. Hey, he has one in town to see that inside that 911 on that. Don't you're graphic last night. No, I did not. It was pretty good. It can catch and watch it. It's in chronological order of shows from like, the mid 80s, late 80s about Ben Laden, the CIA. I've been on the guys and pretty much told you that every single person involved from the FAA to the airline and come to drop the ball. Right. And we do it good. I might take it maybe I'll drop it by the. Even if you're Simmons never dropped so many balls in baby. And that's the guilty. Go to boy and vote. I don't know how to hung up children. Go. You know, you can put through the art of modern even even Robert Mould have been impressed by it. That the thing you got there now. Yeah, he had days. Yeah, he didn't like making a little. Little thing. Well, what we hear about guilty. And anyway, 5.6. 7.05. 6.7. He would take a few calls. Right. Maybe we got some people out there. But I bought the the, the looksplay. We're in fact, it's up to four already on a pool. I'm impressed. Aren't you? Not really. I would have heard been like 100. When I come on here and I wave about some products like that, I mean, not every day does that happen. I mean, it's either a flavor ice cream or like vagal bites or a book of burgers, which I'll be honest with you. I have some of my freezer book of burgers about food and ways to prepare it. You should have some credibility with these people. Yeah. That's correct. If anybody knows food is a fat. So I like me and boy, you talk about fat. Wow. Not good lately. Oh, don't. Good. I don't know why. It said that sugar thing. Yeah. That's sugar thing. That's not a good number for this kid. I can't talk. Or your fan. I've been picking out it for no reason. Well, what did maybe it's the summer? You know, it's over there. There's not much going on. And it's like you sit around the eat and eat. Munger, Munger. And I don't spend quite as much time out there. Lose my ass at wood bun because it's expensive diet. I don't think it works though. The slime. If I put it open up the slots there, don't you fat people? You go out there and take all the money you got, all your credit cards and mortgage the house. And just spend all day out there and don't eat. I mean, it got a restaurant there, but the food is horrible. It will always rest around it would buy horrible. Learned never going to be a sponsor. It's not worried about a choice. The food is crap. It's caca. So you just sit there and you don't eat and they bring it to the diet. So it is with caffeine. One thing I've been doing that's really bad is chewing the ice. Why does that? Why is that bad? Because the number one I have all like, well, part of a filling that fell out. Number two, it makes your, it's bad for your teeth and gum. Did you know that? No, I didn't. Two ice all. Two. Sure. Just mention that in passing. No two on the ice and the get your flavor wave. Other than that, do whatever it anyone. Okay, and they will. Don't do whatever they want. They pay no attention to me. That's fine. As long as those checks keep coming like this Thursday, Clarence. I'm fine. Line nine. It's going to be really something 2 a.m. Hello. And the top is the window. Rock, roll. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Oh. Jimmy and Joe and Joe and Jimmy talking to each other. Like a little conversational. Papa, Papa, baby like that. Although it's kind of Joe is going to. Papa, by and Jimmy. Like that. Kind of like that. Yeah. Well, it's Goldie says it's a working progress. Yeah, that's right. Goldie, you're such a little weasel man. You're so lame because you're part of that sport. See, one time just at one time about a couple months ago, I got to go to the really Rip Mo and ask member there. Yeah. And he got a sitting location all around the building. That was pretty finely let his true feelings go out about it. Of course they hate each other like poison. I mean, just they wish each other would croak a horrible painful wicked death. I can't imagine why. No. W. W. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? Everything is coming up for us. Hey, what do you think about that guy from OxiClean? The guy is dead. What is that guy's name again? We got a bit of a button. He clearly knows. The Liam and I'm. He has another thing he's telling now. It's some hair trimmer. It's like he can trim his beard and his ears and all sorts of stuff. He's talking to that on TV now. Oh, I don't know what's that like. This film. Now you got me curious. It's a thing. It's a beard and it's a little bit of a tear trimmer. Beauty. And he's telling, shaving the back of his head and that's a nice thing. He could be the next to Pat Robertson. He could be the most annoying person on television next to him. That's your favorite. Robert Center. We do cause me. There's no Craig. I can go live. I preferred to really make. Do I know if Craig was still lying? Yeah. Why? I check. Yeah. He knows. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. Yeah. Great. We're doing so. That's right. He did. Right. He did. Well, all of us old talk show host. Have you seen him? He's like, I haven't had him on a year. But I like him shows after having. Surely after having had like. Minor. Strophs. Yeah. I did. I remember the first one. Very vividly. Because I knew I had a stroke. My speech was slurred. I think Marvin was still working. I knew where it was. Kelly went there on the ear. I counted two. Mike went to do part of the day. By the way, thanks a lot for. WM. You idiot. Come and ask. Are you okay? That's it for. I've got to take off my mask. Do one clips. Each time he get away. Faulf is killing. Of course, there's far back. Sh mortality. You can't stand that on your way and my gang. Are you okay? Do more cats and they're in the way and your gang. See, hit that button and all and all and all, no chance. Slow chance in your pants sweetheart. No way. Don't even think you're going there. In fact, I'm going to get it. I hope much more to- Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's why you met it by the way with the yellow square. I just keep banging on it. Just pound it, silly. That's it. Plus what kind of, well, anyway. That's a guy that lost at this loss. OK, now you will lose your ass, but it's fun. That's all I lose my ass all the time. In fact, I'll be there tomorrow morning again, bright and early. Maybe find a good machine, man. You know? I found a good machine yesterday. The only problem was I found three bad machines first. And I didn't see that. I don't like that. I haven't spent a whole day trying to catch up and eat your money back. I was just like one time to sit down, put in like a hundred bucks. And I'm like, there's second or third pull. I hit like four thousand or something like that. And then go home. What's wrong with that? What would you do? What would you do? I have done that. Playing the five dollar machines. That doesn't happen. Playing the dollar machines. If you want to hit something, go play the five dollar. If you've got a few bucks. Yeah. What? How long have I got? I'm going to find an arm machine. You can last five minutes. What do you mean? You're playing ten bucks a pull. So I'm like ten pulses a hundred bucks. And even a treasure islander was never that expensive. So what do you got going on? I guess I better not ask. But what? We got a new club. Oh, that's what I was talking about. You can get something going on there this week. Hoties. No, we don't have appearances lined up yet, but they're talking about it. Is that the one that we heard the big boat? Oh, do when he said it was rock salt. What are the same? I see. How come he's doing this, boss for that? I don't know. I mean, of course he is a Julio. He's one of your people. So it kind of like fits in, you know, that whole perversion thing? Yeah, absolutely. The rolling stones. We're going to make sure. We're going to, don't hope so near you. The only territory. But I like it. You like it. I got it. I got it. And I'm going to make two. If meant to say to save our problem, to the truth, from each spot, I wish I could have won. The rolling stone, Mr. Van, to a fortune by Jerusalem, says God, and rise, I'm seen down on these houses. I'm going to say to him, six, but they're all over now. And get lift. No more directions. And join us. I've got an enjoy. I thank you. Yes, I need to thank you for the honor. It's 1118 and five, 60. I love to live with that ends. Not this bizarre. Yeah. Are you there? Oh, okay. It was all set in the sounds of silence. Don't you see now you're playing the... Okay. I took him by that game. Oh, no. Anyway, George Bush doesn't listen to us. Keith Richard said, but that's not the only reason the rolling stones who open their world through it for all what they have someday. It's been way pork. Won't be getting invitation to the White House anytime soon. The Brit Rockers knew CD, a bigger bang comes out September 6th, but Miss Matt Drog and other right-wing media types. You're fairly. Are already foaming at the mouth after discovering the lyrics to one of its songs, Sweet Neocon, a scarcely disguised savaging of the Commander in Chimp. You call yourself a Christian. I think that you're a hypocrite. You say that you're a patriot. I think that you're a crock of bleep. How come you're so wrong, my sweet Neocon? Mick Jagger, who wrote the lyrics, goes on to criticize the war in Iraq as well as Bush's motors for starting it. It's liberty for all the democracies are stride unless you're against us. Then it's prison without trial, but one thing that's certain life is good in Halibutton. I've got strong opinion, Jagger said in the photo interview last week. I'm obviously very interested in the way that we conduct foreign policy in the West. It's one of my interests if not passion. So obviously I have opinions about it. I'm going to put you on Mick, but never in the 42 year old hit at 42 year history of the stones is expressed as partisan opinion. You can count previous stones for local songs on one hand, the wishy washi, street fighting man, sweet black angel, widely construed as an ode to black activist Angela Davis, and under cover of the night, a denunciation of South and Central American dictators and death squads there's not much more to end at least. There's been other social comment before from the Rolling Stones, Jagger said, this one's a bit more direct. Perhaps it's the times we're living in. I was being more direct than metaphorical. I think right wing commentators get fed up with popsicles getting involved with anything but popsicles, but artists have responsibilities too. Unless of course it's like a right wing artist, right? Of course. Like someone in country, Western, and non-Nazis. Right. Hey, Toby. You're fair. Everyone has responsibility, Jagger said as long as you don't bang on about it every day because people get pretty bored with that. I think comments from artists, whether they're partners, painters, or any kind of creative people is part of what you do. Painters, not partners. Richard supports his partner, Jagger's song, but he was seeing his partners. But he worries that fans will think it's a calculated publicity. Plugger simply boring. That's stupid. I spoke to make a better Richard said in a seven-point conversation. Personally, I find politicians a very palate subject. I said to make, are you sure these guys are worth a rolling stone song? Not that he has any ego. You understand that. Right. But he felt strongly about it. I said, if you feel that strongly about it, it needs to be said that I'm backing you up, pal. And it says those with their knickers and a twist over sweet neocon, if you had to discover that there's another pointed anti-irac war jab on a bigger bang. And dangerous beauty, Jagger addresses the Abu Ghar, right prison of East Ghandle with some very dark humor. Who you got there in that hood, you look so fancy in those photographs, with your rubber gloves on, but you're a favorite of the chiefs of staff. And set it up and so. September six, it's coming out. I'm sure it'd be out there buying an album because it's got some. I'm sure it'd be something. I'm sure it'd be something that you and me saying. Oh, we're fine. Yeah. President Bush compared the fight against terrorism to both world wars and other great conflicts in the 20th century as he tried to reassure and increasingly, skeptical public yesterday to support US military involvement in Iraq. And of course, our answer is no chance. How does that constitution come and sweet heart? To this is civil war already going on over there. To see the story, I have the abilities to go behind the obvious assassinations that are going on. And the soon-eatened she-are-its in the she and Jimmy and Joe and Joe and Jimmy. She-are? Yeah. With the anti-war movement fighting, new momentum behind grieving mother Cindy. She and Bush are now as the fighting Iraq is difficult and dangerous. But he told, and of course, he always they pick from these audiences, the veterans of foreign wars, the VFW. If you want to fight a bunch of, and you're visiting or right wing, uh, uh, Creotins careful. That's the place and I'm being really kind. I apologize to the Cretans. He told the VFW national convention the fight is necessary to keep the terrorist out of the USA. As he did last years, the election campaign, and more recently, his war opposition is risen. Bush reminded his listeners of the terrorist attacks of September 11th, recidings the date 5 times and a 30 minutes. About 30 minutes. Speak. 9, 11, and of course the anniversary of that last coming up very, very soon, very, very soon and they're going to use that. They're going to use it and they're going to explode it for all its worth and see that's why your kids are over there dying right now so we don't have a repeat of this. And look how safe we are. I like this fangeys in those brits with the message that people can protest to war while supporting troops and veterans. A handful of speakers including Goldstar, Mom and Reston, Antivore, Wally and Salt Lake City yesterday, the same day your president was in town. Worst book to more than 6,000 people at the annual convention of the WFWNA very contract setting as always while three blocks away over 2,000 people gathered the protest Bush administration policies and the war in Iraq. VARB were right 56 through five hours from our home insane George to attend the rally at Pioneer Park. There's a lot of reasons I'm unhappy, predominantly due to the war but also about the economy and social security right said her father, my WWE 2 veteran was unable to come with her much he said he would have come along for the same reasons so I'm here for him to see be Sam. Several people attended the protest, most of them were from military families or observed in the armed forces. Salt Lake resident in Hugh Musker 74 said he was a Korean war veteran who came to protest because of the lies about this war and the reasons we went into it. I am so opposed to this administration he said I'm not politically motivated, I'm an independent. I think we really lost our democracy Musker said you know what he is. Absolutely correct. The featured speaker was Celeste De Palah co-founder of the Goldstar Mothers for Peace with Syndy Chien who made news camping outside of British Cropper Texas Ranch and Ophas of Meeting with your president. So Palah Sun Specialist Sherwood Baker 30 was killed in Baghdad April 26, 2004. I'm not planning to drop in when somebody's getting killed. He was a member of the Pennsylvania National Guard which was deployed to help provide security for a survey group looking for evidence of weapons and mass destruction and his David K said K, just this one time K, so Palah said he was overwhelmed by the number of people who show up and play in your park. I expected and hope that a hundred would come out. This place is overflowing with patriotic Americans he said. He said she has traveled over the past 16 months speaking out about the war because of a promising-made address on the funeral. My sweet noble son was a 720th American soldier and died in the hideous miscalculation called the war in Iraq. He said, I vowed to him that I won't be quiet. So Palah members of our family have spent the last week in Cropper hoping that the president would take time to answer one question from families who have lost loved ones in the war. What noble cause is it? What noble causes is it that's taken lives of our best Americans? What noble causes is it this month? He said, why did the architect of this war not Bristol lives of their children? Let's have the twins over there. What do you say? One of the events organizers, Aaron Davis, with a group called Veterans for Peace said he filed a permit for a gathering of 1,000 people 30 minutes. And the day three hour of any yesterday, he said he knew that there would be that and many, many more. Not only is our message to they support our troops and bring them home now but treat them right when you bring them home to David, who said he served as a Marine from 72 to 76. Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson, who called for a strong showing from Utahns at the protest in the email he said last week the local activist addressed both of the FW convention and the protest. Anderson was booed in the speech to the veterans at Salt Palace Convention Center about two hours before Bush's speech. What a surprise not, from those cross-the-old VFW right-wing lunatics, most of whom are seen out anyway. After he said challenging political leaders have been supported over the troops. The message we want to send is that we're behind our troops we care very much about our troops, that if their lives are going to be put on the line, that if they're going to be put in a harmless way, then we're told the truth and our nation hasn't been told the truth, Anderson said no shmid, chance of Rocky, fallen Anderson, he took the podium at the anti-war rally, those who take the stand is dead up for to defeat fire government, those of the troop patriots you are troop patriots Anderson said for the 2000-plus. I go on Rocky, I like it a lot better in Rocky Belvoa to say that. What about Rocky's squirrel? Well Rocky to squirrel, I almost want to make me play that Rocky that embog, I guess I have to. All right, what's the best product you ever bought from a TV information where asked when they are, goal is 400 votes we got 370. Our goal is 400, but that was by 1130 wasn't it? Yeah. Never said it too easy, man, never make it easy on his lazy ass crowd. And to say he, it's the heat humidity, the stupidity, the bad leadership, the fat ass governor, all of these things that combine to make floor to the swamp that it is. 247 of you never bought anything. That's two thirds. Me and Ling, Grillon machine 50 hands down, that's the best they say. Ron Koshor, time worth history 15. Ultra food vacuum sealer 10. Pocket Fisherman 10. See they liked the George Foreman thing better than the flavor way so far. Ever try to cook a turkey in the Ling Ling Grillon machine? No, you got to squash it first, I'd imagine. Ultra food vacuum sealer 10. Pocket Fisherman 10. The ionic greaser purifier 6. Ah, the flavor way of the lock summons up to 6. Magic will have magic bullet. Jack will arrange juicer for hey stand up straight jack pretend you're alive. Ron Koshor 9 said 3 the flowbie haircut is got 3 moving men 3 the rock will food the high rated 2 when it does right out the abs lied to oxy clean one. Billy Mays Rossy clean he's obnoxious Anthony Robinson motivational takes one the guy that called the singing bass has one the rock of that a bit of a dramatic one. Rock opostumacres got one and the walkman and domestic pro mixer is still got the bag oh verdant down to myself. Oh, it was orange still. Remember that? Four dead american troops in Iraq, but and they just showed it on the crawl. They're not talking about it just you know not even news anymore for more dead Americans. You know for years I've been telling you about dry concepts the best carpet cleaning company around but did you know the dry concepts could also save you hundreds maybe even thousands of dollars in other areas too. Dry concepts also specialize in cleaning your drapery a post-releather furniture restoration mac risk cleaning or yet or rock cleaning pet odor treatments and water damage to. Dry concepts can also clean and restore your talon grout quickly and efficiently. Dry concepts professional staff always comes up with latest cleaning systems invented out of the sun. During the month of August take advantage of their summer sizzling number two package of water damage special. Dry concepts from carpet cleaning to talon grout cleaning everything in between it's the only place to call no rip off snowscans a written guaranteed price up front every time before they start to job and they still penned us unbeatable job too and they've routed in the prom beaches column tall free 1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 or log under their website dry concepts.com The old rangers got. Yes you've heard about the place of Jesus on a piece of toast the place on a bagel even on a potato chip. Now you can easily like the kegateings with a new god pockets. A little round taste treats with a blanket crust and the face of god or maybe with a house and owners. Just lay your hands on the bed pop them in the toast oven and in just minutes they are hot as hell. Jesus you can have the regretless. Yes have them for communion. All right have it limit that snack. Also available in kosher when you smell the burning bush you know they're ready. Go to pockets from the makers of Mohammed Bites. Right next to the pot. Anna mode in the pre-saccia. Say something. Amen. That's for Pat Robertson in here with Chavez. When we get back to this crack on you know this Kevin Trudeau this natural tears they don't want you know about this book that is fully bookies peddling on TV. Yes where they advertise. When you know the infomercials are just about everywhere including of course in place you'd absolutely expect to see them on a weekend. See NBC. The crack of the gambling channel. Okay see and that fits right in consistently with the the fact that they pedal crap because that's what their famous for like the tech bubble and the new economy as opposed to the old economy and all the other crap and Ron all the other stuff that they pumped up the dot coms and they cost people billions of millions of dollars in their life savings and those are the people that Pat Robertson ought to be screaming about that somebody ought to at least shoot in the leg. A bunch of grave robbers at CNBC the gambling channel peddling crat and putting that crazy Jim Cramer on here you lunatic you. You're too far also they're running on scare America now realize that they're probably hard up for advertisers on it the network. I don't want to tell you who show the advertising. Ha ha I figured natural cures Kevin Trudeau. In fact I did I did a Google you know sometime you do a Google search expecting to find a little bit and you find just just tons tons of crap. I just unbelievable stuff right if you ever done that oh yeah more than you bargain for us. So the name of the book is natural cures they don't want you to know about and I did buy the book and I have never seen about 200 pages of such a swill it all my life the guys not a doctor he's a former interviewer scam artist on these informers and now because the FTC came to the fact where's the thing here from the federal trade commission. Eight marketers as saw this in January 13th, 98. Eight marketers as self help and health related products promoted radio and TV informers. I've agreed to settle FTC commission charges that add claims for their products were false and unsubstantiated Kevin Trudeau developed and hosted radio TV informers. For more for range of products and conjunction with two informers. So production companies mega systems ink and two vattage LLC many of the commercials had named such as a closer look and were formulated to appear to be a commercial radio and TV interview program or talk show not the ads they actually were five respondents of the two to himself invented or manufactured the products or services that were featured in the informers and appeared in the informers from modding them and that's got to think about the Eden's secret net and nature's purifying product that claimed the computer pms and other illness and cost significant weight loss totally false. Dr. Callahan's addiction breaking system and in commercial for Kevin Trudeau's mega memory system planned that scientific studies of a system showed it could up anybody achieve a photographic memory total BS. Another informers shall touting a reading program promised anyone who could see here and talk can learn to read guaranteed. Defended Jackie Sable also known as Jacqueline Sable's Commodore of the Sable Hair Farmings System and it goes on and on and on. The Settled FTC charges Kevin Trudeau developed and appeared in all the informers including the one for his mega memory system will pay a half a million dollars in consumer redress and barred for making false claims for the products in the future. He is also where is the thing about how he's barred from doing any more of these interview things or any of the products so now he's the guest he's the expert he pep him a book and they said he can't prevent him from writing books because of the fact that it's first to remember right freedom of speech. In fact I only put it out about how many articles on this. I'm so aggravated when I see him on there you know very good very like and of course a lot of the things he says are very appealing because and actually most of us hate the FDA like poison and the pharmaceutical giants all this other stuff and because you watch the nightly news and almost every spot on there is for some prescription drug or over the countercrab am I right right and FTC settlement with Kevin Trudeau I for horrific market to you is either appeared or produced hundreds of informers. Broadly bands him from appearing in producing or disseminating future informers to advertise any type of product service or program to the public except for truthful and commercials for informational publications and addition to it cannot make disease or health benefit claims for any type of product service or any program any advertising including for radio internet television and direct mele solicitations regardless of the format and duration. Trudeau agreed to these provisions and to pay the FTC $2 million the settled charges that he falsely claimed that a cruel calcium product can cure cancer with other serious diseases and that a purported analgesic called biotap and primarily cure or release of your pain. Here's the here's the key to it the order bands future informers accept informers for books newsletters on the informational publications because that would be in for genus first so what does he do he's talking to book and in his newsletter great I mean you talk about slippery and slick and clever and slice of fox and our real crook who's been in jail twice for unfettered charges it's unbelievable this was in uh it's the salon article okay come on you need to know how many of you should I read about all of them no no this is about because I'm sure that some jerk out there oh and also one of the things that in informers was for Narcanon you know in Arcanon is it's a website houses yeah I talked about that before well good for you bought them because you know it's good for business the author of the best-selling natural cures they don't want you to know about claims to be consumer advocate and a rafnader mold but the informers will king just wants your cash they're heading on this article by Christopher Dreyries what Kevin Chudo doesn't want you to know about I think I better do the break because I don't want to give him the jackpot there again and I'll get us all backed up like a broken toilet right just don't buy it okay just save the 30 bucks that's right take the 30 bucks and put it in the final machine maybe you'll hit the get a spitting at 5,000 right right oh maybe get a spitting at like 125 bucks and it's better and get in that book I'm telling you right now that book is a piece of turd Kevin Chudo man how come this man isn't behind bars again although I do like him a lot better than Pat Robertson 20 till noon at 5, 60 W. here we got the more mice to read to a clock the door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door the floor Jesse Aguero with Marlon's extra 7 what Marlon's at that could 7 35 or by the Marlon's at Milwaukee Brewers and any k-follows the baseball even the Marlon's are on the March manner they're gonna lie I think they're gonna win the division don't shout no chance but I think they'll take the wallet when I want you say that I believe the brave's of one at 13 years straight no probably do it for the 14 like I pretty good I aren't you part of the Marlon's organization yes I am and I just said I think they're gonna win the wild card but don't say no chance in that like how many games they got love like 50 games 48 similar when someone else wins the division one time I'll start taking another one I see so in other words the brave so why bother playing regular season at all why not just draw straws for who's gonna be in a playoffs because if the brave's are gonna win every year if it's just taken for granted I got news for you man I've seen the brave's this year there are shadow of their former selves a shadow and Greg Maddys by the way happy 75th birthday that's like we did another California report this week I want to talk to you about the budget for the people and I came into office California was ready to shine once again so I made a promise to the people that I will make government spend one minute and we have and raise property taxes and while you may be done always here about it outside of Sacramento I can tell you that in the capital all the time I heard them tell me no state has ever taxed his way to prosperity or financial health but as I've said many times before it isn't enough spending unless it is overspending and I want to thank the people I want to thank all of you for everything that you've done to bring California bankruptcy and now it's the time for the legislators to do their job this is the time for Democrats and Republicans to come together and do what is best for California rack of billions of dollars in new debt thank you for listening you're welcome it's some 47 13 before the hour so anyway this fraud is fake or Kevin Chudo I'm sure a lot of you have seen him all over the place he's everywhere pedaling crap I say right now that CNBC and skier america and anybody also puts his crap on here how come they're not the liable for I don't know we're always told that right messengers just as guilty as the author many a late night channel surfers been numblessly by endless informers talking ab machines penis enlargers psychic readings involved in skewers but how about a 30 minute fake talk show about third man featuring a slick expert author who promises natural cures for cancer and diabetes and chronic fatigue syndrome and who claims that the FDA drug companies and food industry have what helps such curious from the public order to keep making bigger and bigger profits step right up folks until in the paranoid world of master huster Kevin Chudo whose book natural cures they don't watch it no about climb to the top spot on the new york times best seller list for advice titles last weekend the data this article by the wage you like 26 this year the FAC virtually ventured off from the airwaves last year and at a attempt to shut down an infomercial empire that is misled American consumers for years but by shifting his business model from selling supposing cure all products to pedaling books which are protected by the first amendment two does be able to slip past federal regulators and continue to sell snake world of the masses first it was infomercial and now via mainstream book retailers like amazon dot com and barz and noble reno our role and executive consultant handles u.s. retail and international distribution for natural cures says the book is certainly three minute copies since the infomercial debut in September last year and he sees no in and saying it's success no one knows where this thing is going to max out we're just printing as many books as we can roll he says we're pleased to make history here what we're doing could revolutionize the book publishing industry and of course the fraud industry too even before hitting the bestseller list who knows in his early 40s had built a billion dollar empire as prolific infomercial interior selling various health and self-improvement products under the cover of night this despite a two-year stint and federal president in the early 90s after putting guilty credit card fraud at a 1996 day over the Illinois Attorney General accused him of running a pyramid scheme while working for a health products company called nutrition for life two-to-end a codependent settled at case paying 185 grand a will annoy and seven other states during that time the US postal service and security exchange from a national service to investigate his business dealings a close look at who does later one in with the FTC in 1998 during which he and seven cohorts were accused of making false runs and stinty to claim to ads on radio and TV infomercials to ads much needed light on his character and says a lot about how seriously or not we should take natural cures adds for these civil hair farm and system two does own mega memory system doctor call a hands addition breaking reading even the secret nature's purifying product and Howard Bergs mega waiting all came under scrutiny they couldn't withstand we're going to be sharing doctor call hands revolutionary breakthrough that he discovered while studying quantum physics the addiction commercial infomercial went before claiming that the system cured compulsive eating as well as alcohol cocaine and heroin addiction and led to weight loss without dieting or exercise this technique will take 60 seconds to apply and works virtually a hundred percent of the time the FTC noted as another claim instead the video takes hold in the infomercial show doctor call a hand demonstrating his technique hang on time hold it a series of gestures including tapping the face chest in hand rolling the eyes and humming which of mimics or the supposed addiction cure that it's a name to mmm mmm I don't yell it was a Texas yeah I don't know another two to a product Howard berg by the way for the poll the time life what what I do with that time life uh yeah yeah whatever 50 60's whatever uh when i'm in Europe and overnight because in the first couple of days that your body isn't adjusted you can't fall asleep at the right time and you lie there and then like in Germany on tv there's nothing in which except cnn and cia the gambling channel and the but on the gambling channel as it is overnight they put on most time life series so you watch the same ones over and over and just tell you fall asleep hmm oh yeah you see great like can and you get to see these people like uh i beg your pardon i never probably always have rose garden who did that tell me why not i take that's right and then the worst part is you start singing all those songs all over you can't get a body of mine because you just on with a way word win there's go e grant later so by the way i'm sorry anyway uh doctor call a hand demonstrating technique because series of gestures including tapping the face chest and hand rolling the eyes and humming hmm oh the way it's just pouring off of me which you mimic really supposed to addiction cure another two to a product how it burns mega reading offered a homestead program guarantee to boost reading speed and comprehension 10 times over i have a letter here from a girl who has brain damage broken by another information she was in a car accident half her brain stop functioning it was electronically electrically dead according to the fc then claimed that after using a system for brief here it is long as a coffee break her reading speed increased from three to six hundred words a minute and two those on mega memory system which is certain that everyone has an any photographic memory that could be tapped into with his health was a mass two the show how fragile into system was the fcc said its snippets at the infomercial such as Kevin Trudeau's breakthrough techniques with developer working with blind and mentally handicapped students their recolability increased from 15 percent to 90 percent just five days as well as the infomercial's claim that the system was guaranteed to work for you in the end chudo settle the case he was fine a half a million dollars in consumer read rest and more against making false product claims in the future but this didn't determine in 2003 the fcc charge chudo once more this time setting another product coral calcium supreme the fcc argue that the claims made in chudo's infomercial by dr. Robert Bob bearfoot the calcium derived from coral recently open hours your pancreat reader cure cancer and other yields shut such as multiple sclerosis and heart disease when far beyond existing scientific evidence concerning the health benefits of calcium two or a settle that case as well but this time in addition to being fine two million dollars it was also banned from appearing in producing or disseminating future infomercials that advertised any type of product service or program the public forever now if I can just interject a little thing here when he pedal says newsletter yeah he points out that unlike Gary Null and prevention which is a fine magazine but they take ads his new letter doesn't newsletter didn't think any as you want to why no one can't because he be he'd be after voting a product needs banned by law from now after we're chudo loudly complain that the fcc was censoring him and started a website called the whistleblower on which he tried to fashion himself as a new Ralph later a selfless consumer advocate opposing profanist institutions and defending regular folk but two those claims of persecution and martyrdom are hard to swallow for many he wasn't a sense that's just total fantasies is Dr. Stephen Barrett a health fraud expert runs a network of watchdog websites including quack watch have you ever looked at that one? no sorry quack watch dot com you love it and you're fine to Kevin Tudor all over the place on that one what's happened is that he's not just allowed to sub products with false claims that's the only censorship going on Tudor is the undisputed king of false infomercial advertising continues there are salarmover Tudor's tactics heightened with a cruel calcium infomercial it was just one lie after another all orchestrated by Tudor Barrett says he's many more impressed by Tudor's current infomercial for the best selling natural cures they don't want you to know about the book which Tudor self published is a paranoid mixture of self evident and widely known health facts with very few of any natural cures it's almost immediately can't be except that the information is so odd and alarmist natural cures is poorly sourced and peppered with jaw-dropping of certainty such as the sun does not cause cancer some block has been shown to cause cancer all over the counter non-prescription drugs and prescription drugs cause illizand disease or this tribute to logic in language if you read the labels of everything you put in your mouth you'd see the name of various chemicals all the chemicals listed are dangerous manmade chemicals they are poisons if you would take any of those chemicals and in just a large amount of one time you'd probably die therefore they are in fact poisons his pro-style mhmig state gibberish favored by online spam ads and he frequently uses screencaps to emphasize obvious points at one point Tudor implies that it was undercover government agent and it because of his insight knowledge the government and powerful corporations are out to get him but we doesn't share what any of his highly prized knowledge is and always lurking somewhere is the nefarious they of the books titled the FDA and the FTC who are in cohoots with the drug companies which hold back the real natural cures because they won't make any money if you're healthy on every pay page he strokes the paranoia of anger and the paranoia and anger generated by recently have pro-faw corporate and government scandals as well as the irrigant health insurance and pharmaceutical industries but don't worry not only will his books save you but you can also get a go to his website natural cures.com for more information and for the real cures all for lifetime membership of just 499 bus or monthly fee of just 995 in essence the informational sells the book which sells the website which has true dotons of money but there's nothing strictly illegal about true doton natural cures heather hitsly assist in director for the division of advertising practices at the FTC who supervise the commissions case against udo explains books are fully protected speech he can also rub book and voices opinions the line is information woman materials okay products and services banned that goes out of real it's on our website i think it is well it's one of money about it don't find a book okay i wouldn't even waste my time reading it if it hadn't gotten like number one on the near-transvest solace because there's so many desperate sick people out there so many people who are mistrust and rightfully so the FDA the medical profession and all these things but he got the answers baby and don't forget some doesn't cause cancer okay good i'm right about it and laying a son for hours today just frying 10 years skin is on it and it looks like pd lanym it's so you look like Ron now what's his name which one run it on it bedding to run on the other one oh dronimo run your onimo with that leather skinny look like a cigarster andian it looks like the totem port you see in front of a u-flotum store i was thinking of idiots very hopeful period it's a long fifty seven and five sixty four more american the soldiers dead in the rack w i just mentioned it in passing if you're here is vanished now there are all kinds of guys on tv hockey here systems they're hawking the holes in the head and the pills all of this up forget about that go see my good buddy check out theory tell you to a great look in the head here at a very reasonable price Charlie's been hip on famous guys and that's a famous look there best rover thirty years now but it's natural hairline system the best in the universe don't forget the most critical area of any her system is the hairline as opposed to look like a musk red dot and your head or you have a bunch of straw on your forehead this looks like the real thing like real heads going out of your scalp and you have nothing lose but that ugly ball spot that makes you look about twenty years older because Charlie's work is completely guarantee he tries to inform on for about thirty days and after a month if you don't love the way looks in feels and smells if you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed you possibly could just return it for a full refund make the call today tell Charlie heard about it here on the new rager show get your summer special QAM $200 this time after regular $800 price of that natural hairline system call today toll free 1 800 321 2413 and Charlie will actually show you just how much better in younger he can make you look 1 800 321 2413 around the wicked web it's Charles Alfie area dot com this is needle Rogers this is five six oh my god this is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 well come first the alien you look great how much weight have you lost two underpants okay what do you wait now no doubt how big 300 something are you a big eater I'm actually not a bins either unless you consider the bins between Halloween and Valentine's uh I understand you caused quite a scene at a sizzle restaurant when you ordered the all you could eat shrimp what happened I just see these guys going by with wheelbarrow and I was like my god how many wheelbrows are shipped to june 16 that occur I'm not sure the tabloids every single week yeah if I reach out of the ad lines will you tell me if they're true okay here the first one post office decides cursed the alleys ask it's ozip code did that really happen yes seriously okay this tabloids says peter rescue's live gazelle trapped between cursed the alleys for a tea is that or true why it was that up there and I have one last tabloid that says NASA to send unmanned spacecraft to far side of personality how they do days will it take it to get there um 80 we're out of time cursed the but real quick I heard that you haven't had sex for the while no how long has it been you know I've been selling it for four and a half years because I think I'd become like a born again virgin let's tell you at cursed if I'll hump you but only if you let me tie it to buy for around my ass so I don't fall in bring it oh I'll bring it oh yeah she's just bundles of fun man thanks be one again mama so much you don't go got to you in her gweedle family oh yeah there's a really good show on a nilash night something about some of fags so we're a little killer I'd never heard of before in Chicago or in the end yet all right and so come on a clock and here comes uh the godda what it was was that show called growing up throwing a lot of people here and so I sat there and just just believe and she's got this I don't know what he is he's like a resistant right hand girl of screaming flaming old queen on there he's like a gay uncle Charlie oh I just don't understand how that can be on the ear for a second season or speak of that stayed sing a horrible host is first ever sexist for window of ember after receiving in principle approval from the tightly controlled city states of thirties a local newspaper reported this past weekend sing for that's like a fire for your jeep walking they just they just blow your crap away they sing a poor place of already in post certain conditions for organizers know if seen ask if you put on display and all exipses and promotional face governments scrutiniers the straight time newspaper reported only paper in zh 21 or older the exhibition will feature furniture designed to enhance love making and in erotic toys section of paper said an exhibition on the history of condoms is also scheduled for the show sing a for a tiny wealthy southeast azen city state of 4.2 million has been attempting to shake off its well-known stuffy image and officials say they try to loosen the shackles to keep it with generation exposed to overseas influences all of us perverts but restrictions abound tazma pola magazine can only be sold wrapped to avoid browsing by miners and programs like hb o sex in the city and six feet under heavens screen with cuts by this company sensors sing a poor also outlaws oral sex and homosexuality of course you're fair official say it says is want one censorship police going to immediately be contacted for a comment yeah they want censorship first just like bushers i never talking about well you know they want freedom of a and not know they don't they don't want democracy they want religious fanaticism overwhelming that's what they want that's what their constitution is all about religious fanaticism that's why there is a civil war going on there right now and you ain't seen nothing yet actually probably play a sooner or later and i never did play that the rocky involvement oh well let me do it a lot of time plenty of time until the mommyshire dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot do usual uh once you're misjagaus probably i'll take a couple of calls and to think a couple anyway five six seven oh fine after i don't have a huge pile you know me when i only knew these two shows a week i have a big gigantic pile five six seven oh five sixty pound five six eighty of a rising in singular wireless lines w q a m i'll get a good sir listen this guy Kevin trudo yeah he's got a big uh portfolio on night and go kona he's been doing it for years he's been hiding his stuff about the memory that was just playing the same right and uh he basically is a kind of artist the uh carnival huster amen you hit a runnin on those days don't buy the book don't watch TV at night either okay okay okay thanks for early in a morning on konsundae airy channel is got information on if you this one you want to get up early George get up early on sending us information i'm i'm sending it brought you horizons you to look around i get up early every day i don't have what's happening you haven't seen the magic bullet no you want to see hot i avoid the information as i know i feel like they're hot can be there are some of them that to me are so entertaining i watch them like watch and a show i want to over and over again let me let me take something back away i watch the the Spanish language underwear and film airfills yeah i've been yeah i'm watching one right now do you want to hear him hello uncle neo you're sure i'm getting a million stickers that say send it to him yeah good good idea can we can we just pass them out from your website no problem thank you see him send it to him to shoot pat Robertson instead there you go i mean what kind of crap is that here is a man who goes on TV on his 700 club and announces a suggestion we ought to assassinate a uh anybody and a elected world leader but they're for you anybody he's around the year advocating murder but don't forget choose life it's a culture line oh which reminds me we got to get to the story about the skin cells change the human soul so you can have uh you remind me i saw that bitch i've figured a name on that you can't see is it ever seen be see oh uh uh right down uh really possibly really that's her and you're right how can she be on it she wants to be like another uh what's the one that we hear like poisonous human and then everywhere else oh i'd love it a 47 draw oh name she great she wants to be another name she'd wait right she wants to like uh here all these uh all these all these cases that the people who have to read my opinion rubah case and the the BTW killer case and all of it in BTK. Whatever the hell I think I was. Oh, okay. She's gonna be there and she's gonna be the creature in listening to Spawn. Oh, she is. How could you people at NBC? Are you out of your mind? Are you learning to go to have any ears? Can't you hear this woman can't speak? Oh, hit about the crathitch he's spewing. She needs an iron lung. Man, plus as me as as they come in, she is so ugly she may as redder look like a hallyberry. That's how ugly she is. God. I don't go being hasty. Oh, speaking of ugly. There's Hadnan Pachachy. How does Hadnan Pachachy have to be a doctor? It's going to be a doctor. Well, he speaks with a speedy fact. He's like, it looks big and minting their Hadnan. Hadnan Pachachy. You want to touch and took his? No thanks, I just I don't know. Somebody QAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Back to the commercial. Girls go on rock. Boom. Yeah. Yeah, you probably paid for some but did not those. See, that wasn't a question. How about that? How about the two? I haven't bought them but I know people who have. Girls gone wild videos. That's good. That would get eight million vote now. That's the one they've been waiting for. Excellent points here. Right. Here's Robert's comment. What is it? Robert's in comments. No, like you said, it's on there every five minutes. Is he sitting down or is he like doing a manny bell jumping around like a Mexican jumping? Yeah, that's what he's doing. He's jumping around and then he's big. Who's taking the body down or okay? He's here. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. George Phil mentioned that you watch the French language nins on the work of a commercial. Yeah, forget the next. Hey, let me know what channel those are on. 16. I know that about scientists for the first time have turned ordinary skin cells and what are appear to be embryonic stem cells. Oh my God. What are we going to do? We got to save. We got to preserve life. Save that skin. Without having to use human eggs or make new human embryos in the process as his previous had been required a Harvard research team and on Sunday. Some pretty heavy do these stuff, man. You ain't seen nothing yet. See the flat earth anti science crowd. They're not going to get their way because other countries are going to like look and they're going to like laugh at us like they've been for years now, especially since the 2000 mission was stolen. And they're going to say, you people must be crazy. We're not going to like stay in the stone and you go ahead to whatever you want. We're going to continue moving forward and curing disease and solving all kinds of things. We're going to continue without having to do the new technique uses lab growth, human lab grown human embryonic stem cells such as the ones that president Bush has already approved for use by federally funded researchers to reprogram the genes and a person's skin cell turning that skin cell into an embryonic stem cell itself. How do you like that? Oh my God. Moreover, have you talked about this yesterday? No. Why not? Short-trupp. Seems like on that's right. The yesterday ball. You got a ball game Thursday. Only it starts at 205, sort of pre-games only at 130. What a bogus. Where do they play on Milwaukee? And I said, bud, steaming again. OK. He probably has something to do with the fact that they're on central time. What a jackass. I should have said that. Galty and good upset. Moreover, since the new stem cells made this way are essentially be due in a versions of a person's own skin cells, the DNA in those new stem cells matches the DNA, the person who provided the skin cells. And theory at least, that means that any tissue is grown from these newly-mitted stem cells could be transplanted into the person that treated the disease without much risk that they would be rejected since they could count suit an exact genetic match. Until now, the only way to turn a person's ordinary cell into a person-lies stem cell such as this was to turn that ordinary cell into an embryo first and later destroy the embryo to retrieve the new stem cells growing inside a process widely known as therapeutic cloning. That prospect, like others in the promising room of human embryonic stem cell researchers, has stirred strong emotions among those who believe that they's old human embryo should not be intentionally destroyed. They're walking, they're talking, they're living, they're breathing, they're whatever they're praying, they're voting, right? They're davening, that's right, they're voting, right wing. So this is a pretty heavy duty stuff. And now you'll see in Congress, you'll see that somebody's the right wingers, probably like Bill Fist, they're going to use this as excuses to say, oh, that's right, now we change their mind because we don't need those embryonic stem cells. We'll just scrape off, like give me some skin, man. Right. Give me some skin. And back in my day, that bad back, doing it all day, kicking it all saw, that had different connotation when you said, give me some skin. You say today, people tend to run. 1214 at 5, 16, W. You're fair, who I am? We got a chance to read what you thought they're doing so the flare was. Oh, a job. Find them. Thank you. There's a hot day. Oh, my partner, Josh, my sister's got it. I'm right, I'm stuck with a poll today. It's really neighbors to scare his sister because it elderly people are blowing those in a bad temper. They call the moment. I just got a man, I don't get the hot time. I can't swim. I just want to have a baby free to hear it. It's a shot up. It's a sub-dedante. Yeah, what do you want? Mr. Maldon. I'm George Rodriguez, and this is my partner, Josh. And if we come in and take a look from around. Why are you doing? You're happy to give them a cheesy aroma. How's that? And you know what it is? Some houses they can smell a little funky. Yes, sir. But, look at that. Now, see here. This is a pretty three-tier many of fish nuts. But, make me give you a gase. It's medicine. We'll see. I got a corrupt noise with the door. Yes, sir. Hey, don't cook in any funny ideas, Bob. I'm so, you know. No, sir, we have to... Hey, George, is this marijuana? I... I... I can't see that. Where's the coming from? I... I... I'm not... I'm not... What are you doing in there, son? The rest of that man. He was gonna rape me for filming on his job. You're a real fun mister. Well, I... Maybe you're a real fun is getting the mentally-difficient eye with a gateway drug. And maybe, raping him. Or maybe it's a mugs like... Yes, shut up. It looks like I'm running out to take a fetalistic stance. The hormone was sentenced to 30 days of being a cellmate to build a comal. And later, they became a shot. You're fair, right? Funny pass, no, and five, six, eight, I'm gonna keep you away. This story, I love, I absolutely love it. Nations were fewer people of 10 shirts tend to be more generous than they're supported for development in poor countries. Then those were shirts attendance is much greater. You're making a part of the... I'm making a part of your making that up. No, according to the third annual edition of the Commitment and Development Index, the CDI published this week in Foreign Policy magazine. The index and joint project of Washington-based foreign policy and the Center for Global Development found that Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden, Australia and Norway retain their top rankings among wealthy countries for their helpfulness to poor countries from last year. Italy, Ireland, Greece and Japan were the least helpful of the 21 countries ranked by the index. The index noted that both the $12 billion in private and public aid pledged by wealthy countries, and the citizens for victims of last December's devastating tsunami and the debt relief deal in Australia to summer for some of the world's poorest countries contributed to improve performance by most donors. Nevertheless, the least church-going countries give more to charity and help people out. Denmark, the Netherlands, those even bastards in Amsterdam, Sweden, Australia and Norway, those regions. Others, Parabody. Passing is long is anything but peaceful and characterizing activists judges as being more damaging to America than terrorists. Chavez has said that he believes he was willing to assassinate him, the left wing conference. I say let's get Parabody in first. He reports too late. He's more dangerous than any terrorists. Hey, that's right. Him and all his religious nut jobs, man. And I give you an idea of what's the level I do with it. Don't tell me I got off of it. I got off of it. Uh-oh. No, no, I just had a, then MSNBC poll and we'll come up here. I'll get up. That's one of the next. Ooh, man. It's all purple and it's always, and he must have got a tank on the purple peonoliter. Is that a big atom's apple? That's a man, baby. Wow. And she could pass through a guy. I would do like, chop that hair real short. Hmm. She's a lot more munched than that guy on the black body. I don't want to look at her now. Oh, see, what is that thing? I think that's for a graphic. Uh-oh. Holy cow. What is that? It's like she's got a gigantic purple tube. Internet, man, baby. No, that's a big purple tube. Anyway, that's the international anyway. So, that'll know's where she's really sitting because that's a gym, Tennessee guy. I'm telling you between new and two, CNN is like, uh, cutting back on a budget. That's why they're firing everybody. That's why you got that scum, I also Brian on there like 24, 7 along with that stupid Solid Ed Mitchell Brian. And Pat are brown. We're still having probably stick his ass on there. Anyway, when you see the result of this poll, this should tell you a lot you need to know about what's going on in America right now. MSNBC, they've got 50,000 votes on their poll a little bit more than we got. Are you right about that, Nick? I can't stand it up for more than a year. It was a year ago this month. That is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life. Did Pat Robertson go too far by calling for the assassination event as well as President Hugo Chavez? That's the MSNBC poll? 50,000 votes? Not sure, 4%, yes, 80%, 17%, say, how do you like that? 17% say no. They like it. I say, let's kill them. I like that. Round them up. Yeah. Like Peter Marshall used to say, on Hollywood squares, turn about a square of plays. So turn around. But we will play till October 1st. Do you realize the good news? Since we have to spread the good news, that's what the Lord wants us to do. Spread the good news of the gospel of Jesus. Today's the 23rd of August. That means you've got 8 and 38 days. I'll listen up to what we want to play 38 special. 38 days until October 1 then, like him, great great. It comes in and gives you like a dirty looking. You think maybe he's going to fire your ranch or say something. So just follow his crap away. That's all. Maddie, baddie, baddie. He'll be a maddie, well, come in there and start. Oh, George, just talking about ASSIC antimic, just step on him, squash him. And then blow his crap away. Just make sure. October 1st. So look at that pull result. The fact that 17% can don't this kind of lunacy? Yeah. Well, it's only 17. Keep in mind that inflow it of the pull. It was a favorable result. I sized the majority of the people in Florida and that pull. Agreed. It was a great idea. Maybe that's why they like their fat ass governor. They like violence. They get pissed off. They're going to be taking your parking space. They look threatening to you. Somebody sticking their nose into your mail. Water crap away. October 1st in Florida, baby. I don't think you can go to trial. I just say, okay, stop down a little bit. Take away your purple star on Gold Jelly Bean or is it the other way around. Remember we talked to other areas. All this anti-American feeling here. Travis is still in Cuba. He has spent the whole weekend in Cuba promoting what he calls me. We've already said he said the hotels here. That's why he said it. It's not just like having raw theft. Maybe that's why they try to assassinate him and raw. That guy that we looked up last week on the water. Whatever the guy's name was with the ease. Like I would say you thought was a little near-evo. You better start brushing up on your Godfather. When you're watching those informers, you better start going back to Godfather Uno Man. Godfather's in Uno is two of the fine pizza joints from the past in South Florida. Let's do that again. Show me. No. Last thing I need to do is start getting whipped up about food. No more food. Enough of the eating already. No more. Because eating leads to two things. Okay. Yeah. That's bad. I'm an excreting. Neither of which are pleasant. See what I'm saying? I don't think he can't say that anymore. I'm an excritory activity. We can't just say anything specific. We can't say like in general. Can't we do I say sorry? Maybe that was your son there with that purple neck. You think that was no. I didn't. I didn't. I probably wouldn't have noticed that if any starts staring at it. She had a purple. She or her neck was supposed to be. Man, I bet you even Adam was wasn't that purple and his neck either. Not going to garden of Eden. See everything comes back to Eden again. Ice cream is. Then when I come home next time, I'm sure that there will be a lot of that cool. What is it called stone creams? Stone cold creamer. Oh my. What is it? It is awesome is what it is. Damn it. And we'll make you fat and give you high blood pressure and diabetes, which I already have both and make you sick and get your blood sugar away up there and make you like die. But oh man. What a way to go. Well, I look forward to having guilty on there again Thursday morning. And actually we want to hump her back so I can rip his good buddy Jim. What's in the mart. It's a smart. It's a smart. It's a smart. What is it called? It's a smart. It's a smart. See how I got all these names in it. They're not necessarily in the right order, but I got them all back there. And they we just is in my mind somewhere. See, I got like a peculiar form of Alzheimer's. In other words, I don't. I don't forget. It's just that what is in there is not. It's not worth supposed to. I'm saying, maybe go through the index files and straighten them out. 27 pass known at 5 60. Nobody can speak at all time or is the moment. A lot of people are trying to forget. You're too. Like it or not. And when you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit are what's all about. And of course price. And why should keep putting this lie? You know what they do this? This really just frost my ass. They don't change the copy. You know what they do. They put it in that word process. You're thinking so it repeats. They repeats all the old stuff. Everybody's stuff. You don't want in there. And then they put in like a different way. Change two words. I got news for you, honey. She is just absolutely the ultimate in disaster. You're good close. Personal friend, right. Berkeley. Ultimate in disaster. Anyway, do the smart thing when you're shoes. They're wearing out. Take a care of your feet man. Because when your feet go, I see all of these people like it would buy. And they got the walkers. They even have the walkers with little wheels on the bottom. You know, they've got a hand break on them. Yeah. Well, if you don't want to be walking like that. If you want your feet to be a good shit. Get over to Brandease for the most comfortable perfect fit in your favorite style of shoes. Brandease carries a humongous selection just about every major brand like rock port, floor shine, echo, muffisto, SAS, new balance, all the other top names. And Brandease professional shoe fighters will make sure you got a perfect customized video favorite shoe. Just ask for Arnie. He'll make sure you get the perfect fit every time. And chances are they got the style and your size on a shelf. Ready to slap your feet on it. You can put Maddie Bell's life on it right now. The pros and Brandease understand fit and comfort Brandease specializes in wide widths too. Brandease is well worth the trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort, style, third value and selection. Brandease shoes, club night in North Federal Highway, Pomp and Obeach, open daily till nine, Sunday, still five. And all this wicked Brandease get rock port pro walkers for 42 90 and rock port world tours only 69 90 wide widths and most styles. So be sure to get on the store visit online do you shoe shopping there at Brandeaseuse.com. And this is New Rogers. This is 560 QAX. Did what any of us would do. He went on vacation. President Bush wants a hot hot vacation. Damn the consequences. It is my style. It is hard work. It is hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. My job is to do my job. I'm going to do my job. I'm going to do my job. I'm going to do my job. I'm going to do my job. I'm going to do my job. I'm going to do my job. I'm going to do my job. I'm going to do it the way I think is necessary. I'm going to set a vision. I will leave. And we will just let the chips fall where they make. And best of all. That's how to quit. They say anything to be president. It's hard work. Everybody knows it's hard work. It's hard work. I know the human being and space could call it just peaceful. Now get back to work. Thank you. It's hard work. It's hard work. I bet you'd like that singing fish. The singing bass. He's probably up on any of the one on several. It's a singing bass. Anyway, what we got on a pool. Our goal today on our pool for the audience. Because it is the 23rd of August. Get them back toward the kids of back in school. Oh yeah. For some time now. For me, seven are goal is 500. Our goal is 480. I thought it was going to work. We've got to go over it. We've got to go over it. We've got to go over it. We've got to go over it. Take a look at the schedule this week. We've got all these ball games on. We've got some marginal people on the year. We always have some marginal people. What's the best product you ever bought from a TV and from our show. Never bought anything. It's written 15. 64. 4% then numbers go down. The information people are starting to make their voice heard. The meanly grilling machine. 66. The runco show time. Or about to say 16. I'll throw food back in the middle of 13. Pocket fisherman 13. Just sticking your pocket and squeeze it. The on the freezer. Pure fire 12. The flavor wave. The lux oven seven. I just remember what to say. Oh my god. Yeah. What does it take to convince you? I mean, like they didn't send it to me for free. I guarantee that. In fact, I bought four or five of them. Where you go to their house and demonstrate it for them. Cook them. Yeah. You mama. Hey, listen, you continue using your archaic crap. And I'll use my flavor way. The flow me here cut her six dry clean. What is it? Honestly, I'm five Anthony Robbins motivational tapes. It's got five. You go Anthony would have the good. He looks like he's out of this world. You know, it needs to look like from another planet. If it's the guy I'm taking out. He looks like he's got a big head, the big tall guy would have just got a jaw. In fact, his his whole on beyond. He kind of reminds me that we'll move the purple neck. He came off the same ship. Rancone knife said five. That's the one an uncle. What did the are showing me is on moving men for the magic full of blender for the magic bullet. This yeah. That's yeah. And juicer for. He looks a little juist little jack. Tim life music collection three. Dimaco food, the Hydro. How can we don't have girls got other idea. Rancone food he had ridder three girls got wilds got a pair. Dig one singing bayas is got to the abs lides got a pair. What about uh solo sex of flex? What about it? Did they do information? All right, let's take it on there. I know a couple people that have one. effects. In fact, I used to have a big, oh, what's up with his name? The guy did the solar flex spots, Scott Mads did. Oh, what? I was ready to buy same guy. I remember used to talk to Scott. Oh, Scott Mads did. Wow. In fact, I used to have like a huge picture in the damn glass broke or something. I threw it on that somebody gave me a Scott Mads. And every time I looked at that picture on a wall, I would ask myself, oh, is that thing real? Anyway, abs lied to Runkovagematic one, the Runkov pasta maker won a walk fit and the thunder stick pro, oh, mixer. I've got the big one. Oh, I hate it. Are we going to just invite huh? Fine, the product. Spine of products. Now we're not going to put herbal life on there. And they still in business as far as I know. Remember the guy that died with these slick hair? Yeah, guy in his 30s, I believe. What's up? This is name. I look up herbal life. Do it Google search. I got to know that guy's name. I mean, they was herb. No, was not. Irbol life. Pine of products. Pine of products. That's all used to say. They had like all these herbs and vitamins and they were going to like do all these curers, you know? He was even better than the Carl Calschum guy and the Kevin Trudeau. By the time, in fact, I think you guys from like drugs, but not the county was peddling other kinds. Speaking of being on drugs, all London police mistook, uh, dementia, look at we want to tell you about a country that is literally inflamed. We have to go to the official location. If you're what he said, he said, in Portugal, they're all. Hey, mate. See, this is CNN international as they're stick on it. They're trying to fool the public. I'm telling you right now folks, CNN, the people that worked there ought to be ashamed of themselves. And that's so called the expose ahead on last night. It clocked with the biggest piece of turd. It was, uh, like a five year old child. Those everything it was in there. There was no news. There was no expose there was nothing. Here we've got a government that lies. We've got all these people dying. And not just Americans and Brits, but we got all these Iraqis that based on lies, based on a clock a crack. Well, they should have attacked us. And that's the best they can do is put that's will on their last night. Please. I know you won't read it because anybody that's interested already read this, uh, lifted the stuff we got on there. Like, uh, bushes brain. I mean, they're looking at that, uh, at that picture with Jesus on there. I like that. What is that thing? Oh, it's on the probi. There's Jesus on the probi. Yeah. He looks like he's enjoying it too. And then there's that, the naked ass right underneath Jesus. He looks pretty excited about that, too. But what's that? We got bushes, uh, brain, not bushes, brain. What's that thing called? The world according to Bush. Yeah. That's still on there. Please don't tell me that that's gone. Oh, no. Eric, please don't tell me that that thing moved or has gone or anything like that. I got all those stupid ass cartoons on there. Where's the good stuff? Maybe set it at the bottom. The world according to Bush, it's underneath that guy who's, uh, feeling the change. The guy is a bike. Okay. You know what I'm talking about? No. He wants to be a, be a son. He wants to be the mascot for the Yankees. The world according to Bush, you didn't look at that. You didn't look at the downing street memo. Uh, George Galaway. Huh? Yeah. Well, that good stuff. Where's the one? The power of nightmare. Is there it is? Right there. Right above that. I'm not just a duck and colder. State Department, Anal, Anglican, War and the Clinton administration in July of 96 that Osama been lobbing the Hoover Afghanistan. We'll give him an even more dangerous haven. He saw to expand radical Islam well beyond the Middle East. But the government chose not to deter the move, newly classified document show. And while we prove a pressure warning, the State Department intelligence analyst said in the top secret assessment, I'm Mr. Bin Laden, that's somewhere that his prolonged state of Afghanistan were hundreds of Arab Mujahideen received terrorist trading and key extremist leaders often congregate. Could prove more dangerous to us in Tristan, belong to them than his three-year liaison in cartoom. I'm not going to race him. But he classified documents obtained by the conservative legal advocacy group, judicial watches, part of an agreement for information act request, and provided with the New York Times. She had light on a murky and controversial chapter in Bin Laden's history. His relocation from Sudan to Afghanistan, as the Clinton administration was striving to understand the threat he posed in explore ways of confronting him. Before 96 bin Laden was regarded far more as a finance hero of terrorism than a mastermind. But the State Department assessment, which came a year before he publicly urged Muslims to attack the US, indicated that official suspected he was taken more active role, including in the bombings in 1996 to kill 19 American soldiers than that the co-bar towers in the Rans Saudi Arabia as well. Two years after these states of weapons were running along with Mr. Bin Laden formally in Tristan at Afghanistan and overseeing terrorist trading and financing operation, Al-Qaeda struck two American embassies in East Africa, leading the field military attempts by the film administration to capture a kill in Afghanistan three years later, he struck an item 11. Critics of the Clinton administration accused of ignoring the threat posed by Mr. Bin Laden and the mid-Native St. Mr. In the mid-90s while he was still in Sudan, and a portrait claims by some Sudanese officials that they offered a turnover to the Merckin's being for all of them, they expelled in 1996 under international pressure, but Clinton administration diplomats have adamantly denied they received such an offer, and the 911 commission concluded in one of its reports that it hadn't found any reliable evidence to support these Sudanese claim. The newly declassified documents don't directly address the question of what their Sudan ever offered to turn bin Laden over, but the documents go well beyond previous news and historical accounts, indicating that Clinton administration's active monitoring of bin Laden's movements and the realization that has moved to Afghanistan could make him even greater national security threat several former senior officials in the Clinton administration that returned phone call, seeking comment this week. So the time can't imagine why I can you? No, why? I mean, you're going to have a little something under a post, something sorry, you're going to have a purple neck. This is Neil Rotterrish! This is 516. Bitch. Absolutely. I'm going to be a gay. Casperises go higher, rev free, gay. I would say, we'll grow old, the price is back. I blame my friends in my life in this old ring. Way too high. When I see the price, I start to cry. I pull up to the unleading of like some big chunks, because my tank is dry. It makes me sick. Maybe I should buy a stain, you can go round like same name. I'm going to go store the price, you can go stay. What's up, Neil? I wish I could fill in the big wheel. Hey, boss, it's morning now, come to me to fill my appeal, please. I'm dying over here. Thank you so much Mr. President for those low low gas prices. Jim Plancy, I think it's a benefit here that's in international affairs. I told you in the past that when I'm in Europe and I watch you in an international occasionally, you'll have some skating stories. Rip bush and ash and the white wingers and ash. Jim Plancy doing that bit, he just ripped a pair of rubber and a big bloody ash. Just ripped and like crazy, and even Bill Schneider was given the shnide. It is inflammatory because it only feeds the critics of the United States in Latin America, which has in many ways in Brazil, Venezuela, to some extent Argentina, tilted a bit to the left in recent years. It just feeds their sense that the United States wants to exercise a big stick diplomacy there, talking and prominent of the Americans talking about assassinating a foreign leader. That is actually very, very dangerous and inflammatory. All right, see like I said, thank God for seeing an international. Let's just take that a message by Gold Blitzkrieg and put them on a leaky boat. All right, to Venezuela. Jim Plancy pointed out he said, rubber to nobody here is always played on Americans ignorance about what's happening in the world for an affairs and where countries are and what's happening around. And he's absolutely, that's so little, that's why he's got Jim. Is he one of the Plancy brothers? 5, 6, 7. I'll take some more calls if we're going to get him here. See at the moment we got away for delay to, you know, you're like 10 minutes, whatever it is. I mean, I'll take some more not building any pull that I'm sure that you've been getting the intellectual calls for. And we, every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. By the way, this scam, I mean, is great summer scheduled that I love so much. And since September 12, I don't know if I've retorted this, I think maybe I probably did. The only reason that I'm doing two day and three day through the summer these last, you know, forever and ever. You know what it is? Great, Hadesmeat? 9, 11. So back in November of 2001, there's a couple of months after 9, 11 is when in fact, was really early November because I remember just before my birthday and I was coming up here. And Norma Kent and Greg were better beat, but it would be better when they were, you remember that whole deal. It came right down to the last day and he came while sitting in there at 1230 with a contract. You remember that crap? And in a moment of stupidity in a couple of weeks before that while they were still negotiating this whole deal. Because of what happened with 9, 11. They had us all terrified and the world was never going to be the same again. And like this was going to be an ongoing, we're going to be like terrorists attacks every week or whatever. Kind of like what they made in Iraq. And so I said, Greg, I said, well, you know, I'll do two days and Thursdays because there's obviously going to be a lot of stuff going on in the news, the other. And so like a schmuck on the one that did that. I mean, it was going to be a done deal regardless. Is there any question about that? No. No. But when I said Tuesdays and Thursdays, I'll do that. I mean, that was like I volunteered that. I'm ready. Why is going to show it all the way to mind? I mean, this is a fine scared. Because this way, like I kind of keep it, I keep my thumb on. You don't think he'd like to touch a little bit. I don't want to be out of touch like Tom Dickah. This spends all of his spare time in LA getting wind and dying and chilling for all those TV shows that are coming in the fall. I don't want to be like that. Let's talk about late tub and how I would. That's it. So that's how that came about. This Tuesday and Thursday. I said, I learned something in the day. I'm sure the audience is like, like that. No, they don't care. What's the best product you ever bought from a TV informer. So we're asking it on our full today. We've only got 521 votes. MSNBC, they got 50,000. We got 500 Lousy votes. Honey, like that. That's the kind of, well, you want to expect. You know what I would like to do? I keep thinking, I keep mulling this over. I wouldn't mind spending the money. What would you like to do? I've talked about it many times and you like just ignore me. I'm about taking out an ad and USA today in some of the other live publication. Like, uh, in our quarter page, whatever, my cost like four or five grand. I don't know what it costs. And like, advertise our website. Yeah, I just agree. Why? Go to Schalzen. You don't think that's a good idea for wasting money. Yeah, it's an excellent idea. I think it'll be excellent. Way too many. There's a word that comes to mind. You know what it is? Boy. Yeah. Hard. That's one of them. I saw on geldi. Under a cheever. Okay. Yeah. In other words, you don't strive for another. It's not about that. Okay. So far, if you want to be like the rest like Greg and like his remember group of the big hands that you raised money for the so far campaign. Yeah, all that. But I'm talking about getting more people to read the stuff and until like they would listen online. Don't you understand that could make a say or money? It would be nice if it hadn't effect. I just don't think it would. Now, the only thing that would've had an effect is if, you know, the show would've gotten syndicated. Yeah. That would've had that effect. We could have changed it last election. I guarantee. You know, when you deal with the silly theory, I mean, you know, what can I say? Lots. I'm sure. Yeah. I could probably tell you lots of stories. I don't know what he says. Brian Craig is still wasn't all I could. That's what I don't really mean about that. But he keeps saying that. It's good cook. I'm sure. Yeah. Anyway, it's just, look, I don't want any complications. Everything is just fine. The way it is and the checks keeps showing. And by the way, Thursday's payday clearance. I just mentioned that for the third or fourth time. Just to try to make sure that it might arrive on time in my life. I never worked for a company that just, you know, and their whole mentality. You know, it's interesting. They don't want us to talk about ABC and the, you know, much in the nation. But on the other hand, when it comes to our money, it's like, well, you'll get it when we're good and ready, you know? I got my bonus money. You did? Yeah. Wow. That's pretty timely. I think that was pretty, was it early? No. I mean, they still had some time. But that's what you mean. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Oh, they've started to treat yours with a little bit of respect. Not my, oh, little tiny bit. Maybe they like the job you're doing on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I doubt it. That's funny. Maybe Greg is calling a corporate and saying, you know, that's your drink is he's going to be great when he'll hangs it up in three years. Yeah. Let's put him on permanent. That's just if you're them, what are you thinking about? In other words, I've got three, three years and a couple of months. Whatever it is. And then that's it. Sports, then back to sports. Get out of here. Sports, my ass. Oh, I'm sure. Who are they going to put on? Stoo got you junior? Sure. They're going to put on, uh, Lini Martez with Jesse Amgler, uh, they're going to put on, uh, just, uh, a Zig Guy, a Levy. They'll do another national talent search like the one they did when they found Howard David. Oh, they're going to put on an that's an idea. Mom, it's a, You got like two to four. I'm going to put it on the moment. Oh, it's three more years. I wouldn't, I wouldn't put it before I had mom. Not, not after you're what Gellie's got planned for you. Let me say, was going to put some kind of a Jewish curse on him. Yeah, he said he was going to like it. I read his, it's just a together and like put a curse on the moment. He said he was going to like, Rippismazza off his, uh, condo door. Traces of bomb grade uranium found two years ago in Iran came from contaminated Pakistani equipment and is not evidence of a clandist in nuclear weapons program. A group of US government experts and other international scientists has determined. See, we just say this now before they start the Iran invasion is if we had troops to go in there, which we don't. The biggest smoking gun that everyone was waving is now limited with these conclusions. Said a senior senior, said a senior official who discussed this still providence or findings on the condition of man and the many cousin values his life. Scientists from the US grants to plan Britain and Russia met in secret. You know, the scientists don't should do doing the work for L. See, during the past nine months, to pour over data collected by inspectors from the International and topic energy agency, the IAEA, according to US and foreign officials. Recently, the group whose existence did not previously reported definitively max samples of the Hali and Ritsu uranium. A key ingredient for nuclear weapon would set to feed the equipment turnover by the government of Pakistan. Okay, that's the sugar in the wood pile. Okay, make no mistake about it. Iran has long contended that the Iranian traces were the result of contaminated equipment brought years ago from Pakistan. But the Bush administration had pointed the materials evidence that Iran was making bomb-grade ingredients. Here comes that mushroom cloud again. This is a meal ratfish. This is 5.62 A.S. We can add a just got around. And when I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the women would paint in licks around the pool. I listened to the Neal Rogers one or two. I mean, I listened to Neal Rogers there and balanced one or two hours. What the fuck? Baby is large a couple of missiles. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Turned place we know. That's a looted. And we know that of them. Who's first main big hands was ours. There's one thing we all understand. I'll need a one-by-finge until we blow up Pakistan. All right, could you take some round forever? With our tanks and all our truths. That special forces are so tired. Jump in through the temples. You know we need another place. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. Outweigh the needs and nuclear tank. Why don't we stop the seafood? And we'll blow up Pakistan. That's a looted boat. Boom, boom, boom, boom, yeah, free. I'm a drill Canadian's number five at a very ugly nose. The Reverend Grayland Scott Hagler writes, Pet Robertson is not a Christian who is the Reverend Scott Hagler. He's national president of ministers for racial, social, economic justice. And senior minister of the Catholic congregation of the church of Christ and Washington, B.C. got it. I was just about to ask. Pat Robertsons who directed this past Monday that president of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez, be assassinated by operatives of the USA, though his comments are newsworthy because of his following on the 700 club in his political Staturing role in political religious right, his comments, however, are out of sync with everything that's been handed down to was from the teachings of Jesus Christ. All I'm suggesting here is that Pat Robertson individuals of his milk are not practicing or preaching Christ, but it become adherence of a political movement in this nation. That it tends to use Christianity toward their own narrow political ends. I believe that the visible for Christianity and the events of the world, but the teachings of Christ lead us to love one another, strain and stretch to understand each other, and you're to know each other enough that we come to an understanding of what another and from that creative world that has not built on light and winning, but on understanding and unity. Clearly, the comments of Robertson, the five of the framework we find in the Gospels of Jesus Christ, some may argue that Christ existed in another time and didn't have an understanding of the kind of world we exist in today. But any follower of Jesus knows that he was human and he was also fully God, and therefore his understanding of the world, him and kind of our needs, we're not captive at a time that applies to all time. Knowing this, I don't see anywhere in the Gospels of Jesus that it condons to exist or advocates murder or political assassination, instead Jesus reminds us to be where a Pharisees and Robertson doves and others to become the Pharisees of our contemporary world. What do we find in the good news of Christ? We find love is expressed continually and unceasingly, the Gospels had managed us to do unto others as you would have them do unto you. We find words in the Gospels that define the mission of Christ, as the elevation of the poor, freedom for those who are oppressed, salvation for the lost and hope for the hopeless. Jesus says, Come on to me, all of you who are weak and heavy laden, I'll give you rest. He doesn't say come to me, those who are looking for political expediency, and I'll show you who and how to assassinate. Sure, there's been trouble in Venezuela, and some will suggest it's communism struggling to raise its head. Others will suggest that the poor have been poor too long to be a nation that's the fifth largest oil producer in the world. Thank God, that doesn't happen in Saudi Arabia, by the way. Some will suggest that too much of resources have been in the hands of two few, and that the poor of the land have found to hope and a political leader, Hugo Chavez. I would not suggest that Chavez is a saint for no person is perfect, but I do know that Chavez was elected, even while the greatest power in the world that he was did everything possible to throw his election. This is hardly the neighbor neighborly, and this is Jesus Christ calls us to emulate. I'm continually amazed at how so many preachers have ceased to preach Christ or to proclaim them out of the rich simplicity of his teachings, and a resorted to a kind of theology that is not gospel based, but it's based on the narrow point of view that keeps the powerful and the poor poor. Therefore, it's impossible to justify the comments of bad Robertson. His comments are not of the gospely claims to preach, nor the teachings of Christ, that any Christian claims to love. Instead, what Robertson has to say is based on a paradigm for the most conservative voices in this country, and those voices have no God except themselves, and no soul except themselves is pointed to the same thing. They're just brothers about Jesus. What? Go tell it on the mountain. Okay, I'm going to go preach it right now. I've got to preach my gospel like Howard Beale. Hey, there's purple neck. I see, back purple neck is back on CNN. Let's see, looking on the web, finally got out of Miami, our listening is why I think it's what they're trying to say, listening? Listen, it says, listening, they're listening on the web. Finally got out of Miami, I don't care what George says, I'm loving life in Anderson, South Carolina. Oh my God, no wonder they're saying, listening, one for the pool, in two knives. All right, got it? Got the pool in the United States. Keep him handy in South Carolina. You ever know who you neighbors might be? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to let him give him the numbers out. I want to take a couple of calls. I got such a huge pile. Somebody to kill me in, hello. Hey, Sally, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, listen, two things that I brought over the TV, and I got a comment. I brought one in them, both rest things. And I brought them five masters from my mom. They're also good. Also, if you happen to catch a sunset that I'll page two about the two farmers in New Mexico, that got to shoot by the UNIELIMERN, can you maybe tell me, did you read about that? No. Okay, sunset that I'll page two, two UNIELIMERNs, came over with a better, kind of like invaded guys land. You kind of have them hostage for an hour, so they're looking at cookies, and they're going to go and supposedly, they'll either go in the event to shoot him for beating them. This guy, I think he's in his D, he's a lawyer in Atlanta. Yeah. The farmer, okay. One of the case, through two of the farmers in jail, and just basically you need this guy, or they're money to the illegal immigrants. Is this great? It's a great country. Okay. You know, America may be a Zion America. You're lucky. You'll need it. Milk and cookies, I mean, you know, let's roll with that, right? It was a little bit of a turn around in students. And it's, well, they wanted to find out the American F and way right away, man. Go to Suez ass, and they did. That's a good start, right? Sure. Give him a couple of credit cards, give me a social security card, or will it be at 57 Chevy and turn him loose? Of course, you've got to give him a couple of thousand bucks, so they're going to afford to fill up with the gas, right? Right. So forget it. He was a president for those, bought a $66 a barrel. All right. Now we're talking, man. Oh, speaking of propaganda, look at his shoves and Castro. He's a big bro. He's a big bro. But it's not just solidarity. Hospital schools, even Torres Stotes, like this one, are full of an as well and see the undergo all types of medical treatment. In exchange, Cuba gets 90,000 barrels of an as well in oil a day at preferential prices. And Castro also gets something new lost with the collapse of the Soviet Union, an unconditional and rich ally. Under the Cuban's influence. Well, thank God the US government didn't like pushing the interaction all day now. Remember we talked a few months ago about the DVD thing and about my going out there and wasting that money on the DVD player with the, for my, the H.D. Right. Efforts to come up with a compromise on the next generation of DVD format appear to a stall. That's the bad news. So I say this for the last hour, bad news. Technology giant, Toshiba and Sony have been in talks about bringing together, rivaled DVD technologies, but the two are planning to go ahead with their own formats. And after talks on a single format failed reports the Japanese daily, Yomiri newspaper. So she bought with any CNN saying it was pushing H.D. DVD while backers of Sony's blue ray include Dell and Samsung. I love my Samsung. Don't let me forget when the Humper comes back next week on Tuesday to ask him how he likes his Samsung HD TV. Then I talk him into everybody told you it was great. Yeah, that's right. The next generation of DVD, he's due to go on sale later this year. And it's quite a lot Gary Sarnas to say Gary, we're going to trade for your whole house. I'd like that to be that we're going to have like milk, it can play. We're going to change the dishes all around. You're going to burn in hell. You lunatic. Gary, you're fair. The next generation of DVDs due to go on sale later this year will be able to stir a much more data including high-depe vision video. This offers incredible 3D-like quality pictures, which made your Hollywood studios and games publishers are extremely keen to exploit. The class between HD, DVD and blue ray parallels the battle is generation ago that we all remember. Many of us remember very, very badly between VA. Well, I mean, it wasn't that big of a battle because you know, who'd not have a beta, right? Suts. Generation ago between VH and VAT and VAT, which we saw today to my eyes, of VAT and Max thank God. The groups back in the rival next generation DVD formats had been keen to avoid a repeat of the format wars of video. But negotiations between Toshiva and Sony on coming up with a hybrid DVD system was installed with Toshiva pressing ahead with production of HD DVDs. Maybe you'll see about that on that under where the guys end up were sure you're watching. Maybe they're wearing HD DVDs. Toshiva is planning to launch our first HD DVD products by the end of this year to do that. We have to start production of the software for by the end of this month's SOT-A spokeswoman. However, neither side is closed that are undeveloping a single format. We haven't set a time limit for the talks end of the Toshiva spokeswoman. For its parts, Sony said future negotiations will be held if there will be an opportunity for it. Sony plans to put a blue-right disc drive and its new PlayStation 3 game console next year. Blue-right backers include Apple, Dell, Healwood Packard, Samsung and Dini. HD DVD supporters include Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and Warner Brothers Studios. Blue-right disc install 50Gbp quality data while Toshiva HD DVDs can hold 30Gb's. How many? About 10 minutes. Both this formats offer much better quality audio and video. It can also mean there's a lot more space for interactive elements. Analysts say the new take note, now as you might be able to overcome the problem of different DVD formats, much like multi-region players can play DVD from any part of the world. The bottom line is what I want to have it to spend more money, right? Oh, yeah, they have this. But I mean, if you're going to spend a lot of money for an HD TV, if the very least they should have these, they should have this out already. Shouldn't they want to do a regular feed about it? I mean, I want to spend all that money for that Samsung HD DVD player, right? And to be very honest with you, you'd have to have the sharpest ion in the history of the human race in order to be able to see any difference between real. There's very little difference because you still play in the same disc with limited clarity. Right? Oh, not three more is this an addition to the form of an already high-o-milk. Now mid-deviler. Violence kills three more wacky troops that are waxing out a- if that's an addition because they had a blurb out about three hours ago, they need to timestamp these stories. Yeah, we need to know is it seven is it for not not that anybody's counting you understand because they're just numbers. They're not people anymore. It just numbers on a sheet of paper somewhere. This is what is discussing in growth test. Here's a group of lunatics who talk about choosing life and they've got so much blood on their hands that all the, all the comic cleanser in the world ain't got a cleanser and here they got this lunatic right wing preacher man who, you know, he and Bush have got a lot of kind and comic because they both, they both stupid and they both talk to the ignorant, they both have that appeal to the ignorant element in America. Yeah, we discovered it is like a little more than 50 percent. The, that crowd. Scary. But don't forget, choose life until of course after we kill Hivochavez. Twelve minutes after one at five sixty wqm if you're looking for a high speed internet service you want one that's fast reliable easy to use. In short, you want the best one available anywhere. You want the number one high speed internet service provider in America. Comcast, high speed internet is what we're talking about. It's 100 percent pure broadband network blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster than the SL life. You can download music, photo streaming video online games faster than ever before. Simply put, Comcast, high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around it. With features like the fan, video email, security manager radio plus it's more intense than ever before. And right now you can get yourself Comcast, high speed internet for just 9.95 a month for the first two months. So call 1-800 Comcast and get the number one high speed internet service in the country today. Certain restrictions of fly call for details toll free 1-800 Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. How young is too young? How young is too young? It's the biggest movie of the year from the director of Dukes of Hazard. Those likes come over. Jessica Simpson stars in. He does. He reads the names as. I know the screen is for a double piece. Booms of Hazard. Do you ever want Mr. Biggood? So what's the score? And I felt like that I'd lose with the design this year. And I'd be able to enjoy it with the blue. They had a cake in the shape of my food. Hey, God, my boobs are like ours. So boost it, you see? Jessica Simpson in boobs of Hazard. My boobs may be no more. I can still have the quarter of my hands. 3D X-ray glasses for the first five rows. Let them. It's 118 and 5.16. You don't need to come in. I'm coming to you. Post week got 5.5. 5.5. We're 5.6 of the way to our goal today. Our goal is 6.6. Isn't it? Okay. We can do it. We got 42 minutes to get another 111 votes. That's so we can do it. 6.6 man. The anti-Christ on a radio baby. We're doing it. Speaking of the anti-Christ. And the normities. Yeah, there he is. Hermione Gering, Rumswell. I got a great idea for it. Terrorist may pose as homeless for surveillance to government sense. This is not on the outside. No, I want you to listen to this. I'm asking for increased vigilance in the wake of the London bombings. The government is worried that terrorists may pose as big migrants to conduct surveillance of buildings and mass transit stations to plough future attacks. Vagrants. For homeless. Yeah. Told us a conjure up any images of people standing out to rent speedcores. So it was to protect ourselves. Especially if I tore after our October 1st. If you're hassled by the homeless. There you go. Yeah. If you have that aim, so be it. Yeah. Let me say it again. Sheathen in the leg. And I can't think of anything much more medicine than when you're sitting in the morning. You're sitting there at the top light trying to be a good citizen. Sitting there waiting for the light to change. So you can go. And here's some some smart may look and creature come as I already. And like that they look medicine. They look dangerous to me. Sheathen in the leg. Absolutely man. Absolutely. Starting out of October 1 and Florida. No questions asked. Then you're going to see a change in their altitude. You know what? Can't wait. And one of the recent London bombings. It's crucial that police fire an emergency medical person. They'll take notice of their surroundings and be aware of vagrants who seem out of place or unfamiliar. Sheathen in the leg. So the message distributed by email to some federal employees in Washington by the Western Attorney's Office. It is based on the State Department report that was issued last week. The State Department had no media comment this week but their mom for the moment. Because they're afraid that we might. Sheathen in the leg. The warning is similar to what it should be by the FBI before July 4, 2004. That said that terrorists may attempt surveillance described as homeless people. Sheathen in the leg. Sheathen in the leg. Sheathen in the leg. Sheathen in the leg. The email stresses that there's no threat in the attack that is intended to be informative. Not alarming. Well, my God. But nevertheless. Sheathen in the leg. Homeless people easily blend into urban landscapes. The message said, so whatever you do. Sheathen in the leg. This is particularly true of our mass transit systems. We're homeless people tend to loiter on notice. Oh, yeah. If you see somebody on the metro fail, homeless, loitering. You know what you do? Sheathen in the leg. And we're doing a recent incident in summerville, Mass, in which a police officer became suspicious about somebody dressed as a street person. The officer dressed as a street person. That's what a line that is. Stop and think about that. How do you dress as a street person? Oh, you'd see the people that work here, don't you? Oh, yeah. We're just going to say dress like me. The officer quay. Yes, I do. The officer questioned the man. This government had a passport from a country of interest. Typically a Middle Eastern or South Asian nation. A country of interest. And a checkbook with a questionable address email said. The investigation is continuing. Would you just be sure they should. Shathen in the leg. Summerville police had no comment. Three British citizens were inducted. In that in the US earlier this year. And charges they conducted surveillance of the New York Stock Exchange. Other East Coast fans on citizens in 2000-2001. I know what we're going to do with them. Shathen in the leg. This, in fact, in the poor Brazilian guy in London. If they would just shot him in the leg, he'd still be alive today. Discovery of the city in the east they gave his wife. He's going to get in the east at bomb. So we got to get him before he. Yeah. Discovery of the east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. The east. Yes. That. Oh. Got one horrible place. If I ever had to go to Newark and saw some people I was shoot them in the leg. Home line security was also also raised in terror for man's transit. Following the July summit in bombings. The war was lower than August 12th. So everything was okay. Stand down. Stand down. But not too far. Shoot them in the leg. But yeah. That is really something. The guests thought they were heading to an early afternoon. ended up in jail instead of courtesy of a private ruse by US federal authorities hoping to bust up an international smuggling. When you hear this story, you're going to shake the lengths they go to. It's just amazing. Lengthy undercover investigations on opposite sides of the country resulted in indictments of 87 Asians and US citizens on charges of smuggling counterfeit money, drugs and cigarettes into the US, law enforcement officials say yesterday. Authorities said they seized $4.4 million in high quality fake $100 bills. A lot of things in the US, they'd work real good in the stock machines and the United Falls in New York, or maybe the ones that were going to have in Florida. More than a billion dollars, no more than a billion counterfeit cigarettes worth $42 million, and ecstasy meth and fedamine and vogue worth $100,000 dollars, and don't forget crystal message destroying your neighborhood, what do you believe it or not? You know what I said? They're just in a frenzy about that lately. Yeah, they do. Do you know anybody whose life has been destroyed by crystal meth? I know somebody whose life has been destroyed by crystal, but some of the cigarettes were made in China acting as a system attorney general John Richter said. The money appeared to have been produced in North Korea to official set on condition of anonymity because there are ongoing counterfeiting investigations involving solar phony currency. Asians also see 700 grand in fake US postage stamps and blue jeans worth $700,000 at the IDV director John Pistoli said. In diamonds were unsealed, some of the money in LA and Newark New Jersey, there's that smelly Newark again. 59 people arrested during the weekend in 11 cities in Canada and the US including Baltimore shirt, cargo, Cincinnati, Vegas, LA, Newark, Philadelphia, and San Diego. A to those charge were arrested on their way to a fake wedding. Here comes the good part. A were arrested on their way to a fake wedding called for 2pm Sunday off the Jersey coast. Operation Royal Charm was named for the odd. The affair was seven months in the making and the bride and groom were actually undercover FBI agents who worked with the accused mugress for seven years said, Christopher Christie, the US attorney and New Jersey no relation to Luke Christie. Although he did mention that lightning struck these people. In the case, invitations were sent out and date was given RSVPs were received from different points around the world. Christie said it just is part of a new conference. One guest even bought a pair of gold presidential roll like watches, New Jersey FBI Special Legion charge Leslie G. Wiser Jr. told reporters in Newark. They were assured transportation would be provided to the odd. They were taken into custody instead. Surprise! Some of the men arrested Sunday appeared in US District Court in Camden, New Jersey on Monday and the clothing that appeared appropriate for wedding. None of the counterfeit money or drugs made its way into circulation but some cigarettes did. So next time you light up those thaggots you better watch out. You better not pout because they might be counterfeit. And I have those little worms crawling around in them. Agents posing as smugglers arranged to import the fake cast cigarettes, stand for the Marlboro and Newport brands and drugs in carbo containers that arrived in ports in Long Beach, Los Angeles and Newark. The California Operation which the bulk of cigarettes were seized was done. The Operation smoking dragon. How do you like that? The containers carried in 20 manifest edifying goods inside his toys were 10 furniture other items. Sounds pretty worth hand to me I'll tell you. 26 actual I'm speaking of retain of rotting. We got the mole mice to rid too man. Nobody ever accused him of being rotten to the cord today. Well, subgildy this morning. He was good this morning. What a funny. He was a nice girl. We let him in. We let him in. He's in a better mood. All he did makes him cost a camera. It's about what a toilet that place was there. He's always got that panther gig in the back of him. We got 570 votes. We got, uh, we're never going to make it the 666. We need 96 in 34 minutes. That's 3 a minute. Are you kidding me? They need to start pouring in in chunks now. 570 for. Hi, you can we do it? We can do it. You see, leave it to me. See, you're one of those guys, like I said before when I talked about putting that at a USA today. Yeah, I wasted time. You're like, you want to, you know, you just want to like study like you because you've been working on that station too long. Just take your way through life. Take the easy way out to point. You're right. Go to health. Yeah. Good point. All of it. We do want to get to 66. You're actually out of it really peered. 27 after 1 at 560 to 72 and 4 years Armstrong for the homestead is always treated everybody. Like family, they want to extend well for you to join their family right now. Ford nationally is extended their Ford family pan off for 3 September 6th and right now at Armstrong for the homestead. You'll get the same grade pricing that every Ford voter company employee and their families get. Not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong for exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for limited time with any new car purchase. You're going to get a car TV free. So what could you possibly be waiting for? Take up the phone right now. Call our friend David Rich at 305-247-5112. Help guarantee that you won't get a better deal on a Ford any place. Nobody in switch, no phone ideals. This fantastic offer is waiting for you only at Armstrong for the homestead where they always teach you like family. Armstrong for this proud to be locally owned and operated vice president in general manver David Rich says, bring your family to meet our family at Armstrong for the homestead. US-1 at Southwest 307 Street just 20 minutes south of the 836. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place else in town. So check them on the web. Armstrong cars.com and then give David a call of 305-247-5112. And ask them about the Ford family plan today. Grab a few miles extra and save yourself thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead. Go this with meal Rogers. It's a fool. Ooh. She's sexy and damn. Yeah, we tried like themselves, we're like hairlags. The life they're waiting for, we'll call them the Lord. The death of our picture. The clothes they can't shoot them. And there's nothing gone. She's a different boy, we give up to you. Through the night before me. Back home. We have the free. We're surrounded by the parade. She's mad on his hand. Oh God, always true. Give her blood down. And the sea goes down. They were going well. From the clock he's down. The night clock has to work in here. That's the first thing. We're surrounded by the wild. And with this dark flame. He has a fool. And the truck is easy. Don't know if you're going to be. I'm going to be. You're going to be. You're going to be. You're going to be. That crazy must be. Yeah. I still want to play together. I've never ever looked away. I can't feel the pain. I'll feel the pain. But that went up the street. Let it go play trees. She has 40 days. Ooh. Hop. Do you like and don't take? There's no way to win. Can you come or in? There's a lamp of praise. The truth. She thinks he's a fire. At the 19 nine. He's a young boy. So do do do do do. 25 and he'll too. I don't know if we're going to make it. We're going to be. You're going to be a good boy. We need to. We need to. We need to. We need to. We need to. We need to. We need to. We need to. Tolerary aleater One is pure machines. 사회 travelers, LubЁ rabine police Ambassador to Larkkance permit. There is no academy permit to let no school dollars or food. huge religious broadcasts your par Robertson today of making terrorist statements by suggesting that American agents assassinate President Hugo Chavez. Vice President Josevice and the Rangles say Venezuela was studying its legal options, adding that how Washington response to Robertson's comments would put its anti-terrorism policy to the test. He is going to be really interesting to see what kind of spin the White House puts on his right here. The policy in the U.S. court after this criminal statement by a citizen of that country Rangled to reporters, it's huge hypocrisy to maintain this discourse against terrorism and at the same time in a heart of that country there are entirely terrorist statements like those. What you're dealing with the terrorist and a crook member of his illegal business dealings in Africa, Parara, and I mean he's just, you know, as crook it is a, is that glips smile on his face. In fact, I put him in Kim and Chew Toilet, let's put him in the same cell, what do you say? Kevin Chew Toilet and Parabason. Are we going to get over six, since he's we got over six hundred, I feel like we're going to make it, you know, we get over the hump, the what? Oh, six, oh six, oh six. Only the middle six is missing. You don't see a hint that it's like playing real fortunate and getting like wheel of fortune and left wheel and uh, wheel of fortune and right hand wheel on a blank in the middle. Oh, man, I hit when that happens. Last week, I'm playing, I get wheel of fortune wheel of fortune and the third wheel seems like it's going to take an hour to come up. You know what, you hold your breath, everybody's like blank. Fifty bucks. You know, the third wheel of fortune is a hundred and sixty six grand. I mean, you will be impressed by that. That would be uh, blank. Like Michael Graham's suspension by management ABC radio is WMAL and Washington for recent on-air comments, which he characterized Islam as a terrorist organization has turned into a permanent furlough for the controversial midday talker. Let's see him now or bye bye Mike. This is Zyna America, baby. The council on American Islamic relations have continued to denounce Graham's comment as hate field and have called for the talk host, I was traversed since he made the comments on his program in lead July. An assignment released by Graham regarding his firing the talk host said, the first amendment that I have been evicted from ABC radio in Washington DC, it appears that ABC radio has taken into an organization that condemns talk radio host like me, but has never condemned Hamas, Hezbollah and what wouldn't specifically condemn Al Qaeda for three months after 9-11. As a fan of talk radio, I find it absolutely outrageous that pressure from a special into his group like CAAR, here, can result in the abandonment of free speech and open discourse on a talk radio show. He said, asked to comment on Graham's accusations, WMAL President and General Mangaer Chris Barry said, typically we don't comment on personnel matters, but given the misstatements being communicated, I want to set the record straight, some of Michael's statements about Islam when over the line, and this is in the first time he's been reprimanded for an sensitive language in comments. But what's a good thing he wasn't working to kill him, he's gotten suspended at least instead of fired. I asked Michael for an on-the-o-a-reignalism that some of his remarks were overly broad, and, expletibly, he refused. Michael is also tried to position this by saying that we were pressured in the taking discipline ration against him. For the record week, our decisions independent of external pressures are third parties. We will not permit an employee to willfully violate our policies or disregard management direction. He must know Joyce, you know it? Michael Graham got Joyce, very also know that although WMAL PD Randall Bloomquist was out of the East Station this week on a long-time vacation, he was in the loop under the same determination of Graham. We're fired, it is my dear father, okay? You got to use my hands all that up a shave and you're fired and you're out. The Gaitions of that PFC effort, Toman and Appalistate, this indicated all the initial, that gets more cautious, it's parents playing it. I was not aware of that. Oh man, your stickers are in defense in action, baby. Wow, is that incredible or what? It's very credible, you know. Lyr, Hermon Gering would be proud sweetheart. This, not the heel Roger Passes, this is 5.16-power A-Tas. Evan, you know, I was wondering, frankly, I like, votes were pouring in by the ones. Yeah. Well, I'm not going to like fall just a handful short. There's not a, and guess what I'm doing right right now, speaking of the, what you're doing right now. And the, I'm, I heat up a great, we need for lunch in my, no comment. Yeah, I am in my flavor wave, the last seven. All right. Look at Appal Grower's baby. 629, if this audience doesn't come through for us, work finished, you know what I'm saying? I will just say until it turns over. Exactly. We will stay on a minute. God. And then the Lord said, let there be life and Lord, there was life from the same people who brought you the much below, talking Bible, comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s. Yes, it's the wrapping Bible. There was dark everywhere, then the man said, lying the right was there. He said, I've done good, there's no doubt on the seventh thing. He just chilled out, Jim and six, Jim and six, beginning of that, beginning of that, beginning of that, finally the good work is there. And his word is, now check it out. There's a channel called Sotter. And the woman, everybody pointed like, look tomorrow, God's a down, said, now my fall, don't look back for you turn to stone, let's wait for the beat, start at the free, the cow can't be up and make the sheep take the victory off of the sheep cow. Imagine all the song, all the periples, every sacred, technical word, interpreted by the finest, like an empty of all time. So wrapping Bible, making his word fresh again. So this is what happens when you put pressure on yourself, you're right. Take the easy way, you know, making up stuff that you can't accomplish. We can do this. We need 34 more and 14 minutes. Are you crazy? Yeah, well, a little bit. We're going to add six, 37. We need 29 votes for six, six. I mean, what if the nominal accomplishment there would be? And we're going to try out with Senator Goldeday for like 250. Whatever. Our Goldeday for like five votes. Because we realize it's the dog days and plus you people don't give a crap anyway. You're not highly motivated. If teens had their choice of a car, they'd take a Ford Mustang according to a recent poll, but parents want to put the Mustang in the bottom and lose the cars. They want for their kids. Yeah. Oh, man, that brought worse smells good already. Mm. And see the good part of that is, and I played a wave that I said it for like, I said it. I walked away. And then even, even let's say I put it out about 20 up for 60 minutes or about four minutes till two, it's going to be done, but it'll keep that little heat thing, keep heatin' it. Yeah. And online poll administered by the vehicle of price and company Kelly Bluebook, show that drivers aged 16 to 25 ranked stylish vehicle such as a Mustang where Jeep Wrangler is their top vehicle choices, while their parents preferred something more sensible like a Toyota Corolla. No comment. My mother had a little Corolla that I bought her and that was perfect for her, of course she was not the years old. Good, my lick. The 2000 hot, especially when she drove it. The 2000 Honda Civic ranked highly with both parents and teens. It was top choice for parents, third choice for teens. The 2001 Mustang and the 2000 took Corolla with the most polarizing cars. The Mustang was the favorite for teen drivers, but right dead last is a car per person who wanted to see their kids drive. What about a 2005 vet? Two steep. The Corolla was the car teens least wanted to drive it around second among parents. Young drivers who offer very image coverage. Images, conscious. For this poor, cool cars, but parents see market certain with safety and practicality when it comes to having their children behind the wheel. So Jack R. Neurad, executive market analyst for the Bluebook. The online poll which was conducted at Bluebook's website asked young drivers to rank eight use cars they would prefer to drive. Use cars, what kind of slippers? While parents were asked which of those same vehicles they'd pick for their kids. The poll had respondents who's from a list of used vehicles priced at about 10 grand. Overall, 399 parents and 599 drivers took the poll. Only in market use car shoppers were surveyed, said Robert Eckern, a spokesman for the Bluebook, the survey had an estimate of 2.24 margin. Top choice among kids was the 2001 Ford Mustang, getting 27% of the kids, both followed by the 2000 Jeep Wrangler and the 2000 Honda Civic. The 2000 Volkswagen Jetta and the 2000 Accurator Integral Rang 4th and 5th. While the 2004 Explorer and 2000 Toyota Tacoma took 6th and 7th, the 2002 Toyota Corolla was ranked last, getting only 3% of the most among young drivers. So that's why parents and their kids hate each other. Parents on the other hand ranked in the 2000 Honda Civic as the first choice to their kids, earning top choice among 20 team percent of the parents. The 2002 Toyota Corolla and 2002 Toyota Tacoma followed as the second and third most confident choice by the choices by the parents. While the 2000 Accurator Integral Rang 2,000 Explorer took 4th and 5th, are you like that? Okay. I'm not going to make any comment about Mustang for obvious reasons. I prefer Corvettes. If you know what, sound I make when some punk pulls up alongside me and they're Mustang and they're, we all hot shot Mustang and I'm sitting there in my 2000 Corvette at the stoplight and they're racing the engine and looking at me and I'm like, oh, we're just like that. And I look at the rear view mirror and chuck a little bit. 6506, we got it made in the shade. Oh, I told you, you're all done out of shape about it. No problem. Then I say that. That's right. Just relax. No pressure whatsoever. I can't, I can't, oh, I know, is it under Samsung? See, this is the problem. And of course, you're a guilty of this yourself. But he's stuffing and then you can't find it. See, there you go. If I can do it. Find that. We can play that up till 2 o'clock. That runs for all that response on Tat Tillman and his parents comment that was so just unacceptable as what it was. Not to mention unbelievable, ridiculous. You know, he don't know nothing. He don't hear nothing. The amino evil here and away. Vote, you know, how can these people still be off? I don't know. I mean, we're living. We're watching. We're seeing this. It's happening right in front of our eyes. Some of us live through Monica Gate and we live through Watergate. And this is going on now. And these people are still in power. They have faith. They have faith in the democratic party. Man is talking about weak sisters. Even the sisters of the poor and blind would be embarrassed by their weakness. My God, give me a breath. Sixty-nine. Oh my God. Did this audience come through a little bit more? We'd like to have ended right at six, six, six. See, I've always find something to bitch about. No, that's good. In fact, you know something, I'm thinking to go with 700. Wasn't that what Josh Cortes said? Why? I was keep pushing, baby. Push in it. See, you're just, you know, see that you're a beaten man. That's right. And that station may have a beaten man. Once you said, moving. I would eat the night again. They had beaten you into submission while I was sober. Well, and I'm supposed to be the doddering old fool. And I'm having one whale over good time. Very, very. No, thank God. Although, in Toronto, you know, this is meal Rogers. This is 5168. I got a drive on the air. Seriously, when I scratched my thick black ass hair, thick look, it might come forward off my ass. What's like it's snowing? I mean, you know, I got a banner from. Like on my scalp, only that got it on my ass, too. So, I'm thinking, what if I could subtract you with a raw life? Right? Maybe she gets old puffy on me on a can of I got ass plates, right? So, I guess my father was to see recommends new ass and silver shade food. He told me to get rid of tough skin diseases like Siberia, Saraias, just some other one I forget right now. Anyway, I've been using new ass and shoulders that are really worse well with turb that flaky, itchy burning on my thick fat ass. And on my head, too. So, get ass and shoulders, new nose, maybe you'll get some ass. I think that's good. I just read that up. I should be an advocate. I'm doing ass and shoulders shampoo, who knows? Maybe you'll get some ass. Right, though, 157, okay. Now, we've got to go to 700 votes, but we don't want to show off. Okay? Plus George would be depressed because he's like, he's looking at life from a different point of view from like the fetus point of view from the bottom. Right, from the bottom looking up. So, it can only get better. 680 votes, the best product you ever bought from a TV Info Merchle. Never bought anything, 414, 60.9%. Probably smart. Although I'll tell you one thing, that flavor wave sure is great. Don't buy it, though, because you probably might enjoy it and that's bad and flora. Yeah, what about that? You like my big good. Did you hear that? I heard a beep. Did you hear it? That's my grout worst man. Is that greater what? And I was just going to sit there and it'll say, well, what does it say on that thing? I want to go, I don't know. I don't use it. You don't use it? I have people that do that. I see. But you never, I just had a currasson, never took a look at it. That was just over that. Yeah, still heating. It says, you got a lot of little, like, just relax. It says, just walk away. The lean mean, the mean lean, a growing machine, George Foreman's thing. 82, which is just fine. It's great, but it's pass A. Even you would agree with that, right? Right. I mean, try to roast a turkey or a chicken or a pot roast and the lean mean grill and machine. You better have some strong hands to squeeze that thing, baby, and the roast too. Especially if you're cooking for a family. Rancos show time, rotisserie 23, set it and forget it. In fact, just forget it period because this is the deal we got as much better. Girls go and wild 18, I'll throw food back in the suit or 15. I don't get freezer for a fire 15. Oh, yeah, the air is in my high. When you're finished with that, the pocket fisherman 15, oxyclean 14, the time-life music collection 12, Perry, Como and William Newton and Laura D'Alene. Would you say Lynn Anderson? Right. The flavor wave to law seven's got 10. Boy, tell you, it's fine. Like I said, I'm not, I'm not making a dime from it. I spent plenty of money on it. It's great. The singing bass nine, all my favorite fish. Rancos, nice set eight. Anthony Robinson, motivational fifth, seven. The flowbie haircut of seven moving men six. The magic book, blender six, the Jacqueline juicer four. Jack is just two years older than nobody. Again, two knives three. The Rancos food, the high-winter three, solo flex two. The Rancos, the dramatic set up period. The Anxly two. The Rancos, pasta makers got two. George has got one if you want to cheat. The cucumber, all the wacpit and the thunderstick pro mixer. They all got a big, oh, bye, bye. Bye, bye.