Yeah, I'm doing great. Ninety high rise is going up in Las Vegas. Yeah, in the next three years, Bobby Dan. Who's going to live in all hurricanes in Vegas and they'd be going down? Yeah. Well, I don't know what terrible, yeah, you've been to New Orleans and to the... Well, until a two imagine that team, or that team, that's city. See, there you go with that sportsman. Yeah, right. You got to get the program. Can you imagine being there for your out-of-the-out power? Yeah, but this is really a horrible thing. Yeah, it sure is better than then us though. Yeah. That's what I was thinking when you guys had the effort to, from between, to better than than me. Well, you mean you guys. You guys? Not me. You weren't there either. No. Well, we're smart. We stand a lot out of there. Just one more good reason to stay as far away from here as possible. We're going to get like the ass-in of it tomorrow night and then Wednesday, some little bit of rain. Not a lot, not much. We had to be giving it to you. But the forecasters down there, all you people ought to be in jail, okay? You're so full of crap. I can't believe it, because I'm on your last Thursday, and I'm reading the advisories, and then I'm getting led down to Garden Path by what they're saying on CNN and the local channels and everybody else. And they're full of crap. You know, why can't they just say we don't know? Yeah, we don't know. If you go anywhere from like zero to the keys and everybody, you know, do whatever you have to do. But when you're dealing with a hurricane, and of course the politicians are like the boys who cried wolf because they've all in the past. They've screamed in a Howard and tried to whip her up. What happened to her friends? So many times for nothing when it was obvious to storm was already, you know, past day and broward that they have no credibility. Nobody pays any attention to them. Nobody got covered their pants down. The craziest people in television are those hurricane reporters. Yeah, those guys are nuts. Not to mention anybody specific, but nevertheless, I know one who wasn't there to cover it. You're fair, but nevertheless. I'm talking about the guys on a weather channel and what's that kind of thing? How about all these guys? The same thing this weekend. In fact, one of the local channels here this morning, they were showing a, like, a a compendium of clips of all these different weather jerks getting blown away in the storm. Exactly. I saw the same thing. They were just wondering, that way. Tell me of break. What the hell is that stupid? Instead of having them inside and dry, what it's like giving them tells you report. They're like, oh, I'm hanging on for deer like that. Yeah, it's just, it's a story becomes about them. No, of course. It's just stupid. Yeah. Stupid news for stupid people. That's why it's America. I've always had my list of racetracks, which I'm sure you forgot about. I did not. Ninja? No. How many of you got it? Well, not as many as you. How many of you got it? I have one and neither one of us have been to. Yeah. Yes. Leslie Vicer, who listens to you. Really? Yes. And what are you listening? Leslie called me after our conversation about that and she said, I've got a track that you and one of you have been to that I've been to. Yeah. And she gave the redoso down. Oh, I've been there. Yeah. Is that quarter horses? Yeah. If you got two bucks, that's what you get back quarter. But anyway, she mentioned the track that I don't think you've been to either. I know I haven't been. Yeah. A vanjoin downs. I've heard of it. Did Andy Anna? No. Well, we're easy. No, close. But. Oh, is it still there? Yeah. That's a good question. Oh, and speaking of that, you know, I've seen my friends at Componope Park. They only, um, kissing those in Beloxy. Wow. And they said that a lot of the kissing those had water all the way up to the second floor. So you can imagine what a mess that is. Yeah. I don't know. Those are boats. I don't know. But no, no. In Beloxy? Yes. No, they're not. Yeah. I haven't been there. But I, uh, I asked something about it. I think they're kissing those there. Yeah. I saw one. And it's a riverboat that just has to a hotel just like they have in, uh, Well, I'll be damned. Well, they can just like, look at that. I have to see. But apparently, uh, I'm just going to tell me how they tracks around your list or you just, uh, avoiding me to say, can't, this counts Europe, right? Anywhere I've been to about 1834. Yeah. I knew you were going to be me. I heard you, the day, uh, the, the last Thursday two weeks three weeks ago. You want my list real quick? 34. Do we have time? Yeah. You know, me motor mouth. I can spit them out real fast. But would vine? It's, uh, garden city and St. Cancephens go along with their garden state news using or along with their 40. The city, uh, the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of was there a second tracking and boss inside in affected terms of the o him so then there's a clue this is one class up based on pshefer Bisco then So they had addressing itself uh... looking in the campbody leading their restaurant yeah cooperated that was they continue torob all day upon our good nick of that then brought them for engineers by the way, got into yesterday. He couldn't win a fixed race lately. What's the story within? One mistakes on Sunday. Well, that's the first race he's won in weeks. He had a horrible meat. He had eight wins for the meat out there. Yeah. Got into it in the first race yesterday and taken off his mountain. I don't know what happened. I gave out a nice $25 horse on the show from there. Didn't call me and tell me about it. Oh, yeah, to do was turn on a television. There I was. From where? From Del Mar. From Del Mar. The first of it class. That's in New York, San Diego, right? It's in San Diego. Yes. Well, there you go. Never been here. That's a beautiful place. Well, I have to get out there. Yep. You would like that place. Hmm. And the more I like wood bind. Well, wood bind is, I don't know. I've been a wood bind. I had the breeders cup there. It's pretty nice to go. It's all right. So I'll tell you the place that I was at. When you got to take it, I'll tell you the place I was at. It's my business in this orange. Oh, you know something? No, I haven't been arlington. I'll take it back. Have not been there. It is. It is great. And you know what I'm talking about the new orange. Yeah. I'm sure you were to the old one too. I was. Well, that counts for two. It's two different tracks. But the new orange and people go out there. I mean, they get young people there. They do a lot of stuff to promote. They just have this problem in Chicago with tracks burning down. Washington Park was the old harness track in an ethno. Well, there were a lot of stories about how the orange didn't happen to burn down. Right. Well, Chicago is interesting. A lot of guys with their nose out of joint there. That's what San June, Connacet. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you guys know. How to jump when you find out that JFK was sleeping with his ex girlfriend. But there's something to be said for that, I think. Yeah. When the boys are running the city, it runs properly. That is true. I like that. And that's what K. Edgar Hoover said too. He liked going to track after the oral when he used to fix the races. Chicago was a great city. Did you ever read it? It is. Did you ever read about that about how when he used to go to the tracks? Yeah. Edgar Hoover. This is a true story that they would guarantee his bed. In other words, they would give him the horse. Ha. And they were fixing the race form. He didn't work out. Which you know anything can happen. I like that. He would get his money back. Yeah. Why can't we get to be like that? No, it was when I go into the woods. I like that. If you have a machine we'll lose for me. And if it doesn't pay out. And when I leave every day. So here you go, Mr. Rogers. Here's a check for three grand or two grand for one. Yeah, but Neil, another one in the gambling. Who cares? I'll take it. It's got like working at QAM. That's a gamble every time. Yes. So 34 to 18. I got you a beat. Well, that's good. I'm proud of myself. Very good. I was a harnessed track, though, right? Yeah, that's what I was saying. Yeah. Northfield. Well, you've been. I think the Northfield, I think the story was incredible. Yep. Talk about a deep generous. That's what everyone hopes of. There you guys was on a bus with him. Driving out to the game the next day and he said, that snowstorm was horrible last night. What'd you do? I said, I went to Northfield for the throtters. He said, you are. He said, I thought clear mojur was the sickest guy. I know, but you just beat him. I got a better one. No, I want to throw from Detroit with a couple of friends to Cleveland for a race. We got a tip from a jockey. This guy's a girlfriend was friends with a jockey at the R.C. We drove to Northfield Park in Cleveland to that on a horse called Mr. Z. He came in fifth. And if it jows a gack? Yeah. And also, jows a gacking. There's a gacky stop. At any rate, and we also drove to from one time from Detroit to Batavia. You know, where Batavia is in between Rochester and Buffalo. Yeah. To watch speedy Scott race at the feet of the dance. And he broke at the start at one to nine and finished last by 100 lines. I mean, you know, even the great horses have a misrap and the crowd was bullied. You drove from Detroit to the Batavia. That is correct. That's sick for a race. Well, they're he come trying to out do you on the degeneracy? Yeah, I got you beat. You just did. Yeah. And he broke at the start. That's awesome. Also one time drove from Detroit to Batavia to see Cardigan Bay with Stanley dancing. Driving, you're parked a whole mile and finished fourth. Good time, boy driven by Henri Fidion, one to race. Now, do you know how many years ago that it is? 32 years. And I still remember it's something wrong there. I keep saying my whole life, my brain is filled up with crap that I'm trying to keep it. Just get the program. You know how they do like a high calonic, you know, to kind of like flush out your ribs. Yeah. If they could do the same thing with your brain, then it'd be great. This is the best. Oh, God. You made my day. Okay. Welcome back, my lawyer. Is it the other way around? Well, I'm we're both back. Yeah. Today, this week we have a pristine schedule. And just remember, it's not important that we succeed, but that the other guys fail. And boy, did they do a good job at that in the trendy vanished off the face of the map? All the ink that those guys are getting over there. You can put all the funny, ballooning you won on the year. Dan, you'll have passed you. But the fact that it matters is you guys don't even show anymore. They're not even the top 25. Don't exist. Nothing hurts a bad product worse than a lot of good advertising. Is that what it is? That's what it is. Remember what it feels right. We remember Peel's beer. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Nothing hurts a bad product more than good advertising. Was it a bad beer? They had a bad brew and they had Burton Harry Peel. And they never did. Bob and Ray, and they were great commercials, except for one thing. People brought up beer and they were spitting it out. Kind of like straws. And you tried to make it a straws? Yes. You used to the nickname for it was Tiger. I can't say the word Tiger P. Yeah. I got to be careful. I got to be careful. It's horrible. It'd be careful now. I'm being careful. I'm being careful. I'm being careful. I'm being careful. I'm being careful. I'm being careful. You have a nice day. It's time for me to go. Okay. See you. Time. Dear Jannings. What a life. Oh, I mean tremendous. So, cause for some of Georgia. Hello. Hi there. Hi. First of all, I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from Beyond the Grid Forest. Okay. Peter, how long things in hell? Well, it's hard. I never thought it was going to be anything but hard. So, I guess now you're really a smoker, huh? Oh, yeah. I think it goes with the territories, with the Targeta. Oh, California for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hey Peter. Do you know any bets or levity joke? No, man. If I did, I wouldn't say so. All the win-city cancels. Hello. Yeah. Peter, are the rumors true? Is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie? I think the answer is yes. But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today. Some are said Kentucky for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hi, gentlemen. Hi, Mr. Jennings. Is there a link beyond music in hell? Yes. And it just happens. It goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after and. Oh, my. I think that would make my ears bleed. Oh, many do indeed. We're going to call. We have an in-left Downers Grove, Illinois. Hello. Mr. Jennings. What would you like for Christmas? Uh, Simon Hussein. Oh, so, so, thumbs on your wish list. Yes. As he's George Bush, George Bush is also Peter Jennings. Yeah. Thank you, as always. Thanks. That's really nice to see you. That is beautiful. You know it. Every now and then we at least expected something good. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQAM happy Tuesday. August 30th. I'm sorry to man. And if you don't have any power, you probably listen on a battery operator. You're not listening at all. Are you listening on somebody else's internet? Or what is this? Russian head cranky. I'm sorry about that. Again, I just can't believe how bad the so-called experts blew it last Thursday in Friday. There were clueless instead of like saying, and didn't I say, which I'm not saying that I know anything, but I said that this thing could go anywhere. You said that. I got something to that thing, but a Chad Stewart Clyde, whatever his name is on CNN about. Bokeh, I know he had the direct line. And it did take that northwestern jog just ever so momentarily. And so it looked like a dead point of my headbokeh. And then there were saying like couple hours later, well between four Laternil on Pompano Beach. Well, guess what? Didn't go anywhere near Pompano Beach. The eye went right over Georgia's house. I don't know about that, but what? I mean, I live in Pompano Beach. You live here on that's right. You keep, I've never seen a guy that keeps moving around so much. So they're like a hit out on you or something. What's the story? You know, Fred Diaz. Like box car. That's right. You do this like your predecessor. They're the one you sleep on the overpass. Yeah. Yeah. You just got like a permanent address to work this job. Jesus. Every time you turn around while moving this week, you're really moving around or what? At least is there only a year, buddy. Yeah. It's been a year among the move. You've been on this show for a year? I don't want to show over here. Yeah. Really? Yes, you did. Oh my god, time is just flying. In fact, time flying on this great summer schedule. That's where really he's got me. Just a gas. Do we still say, if you just holy cow, yeah, just fug it. Man, this schedule this week and next week and then it's just a little bit of a big day. I keep thinking about yourself five days a week. Oh, have to be smitten me man. You better do it on my legs. Wow. This whole, I mean, this is, this is fine. Let's just keep going this way. This is working out about a trend came out. We don't discuss trends anymore. Except the fact that we didn't do the two great and no Spig it in place in the trend in July. No, speaking of the way, say, who the ostations went through the roof. And that's because anybody just speaks English gets out of town in July. And the only people available to send them to die res are, you know, who the old Julio is who the listen to a radio man be. And the other, see, it's not important that we succeed, but that Wancy fails and they sure are doing a great job of that. Nice going boys. They fell off the, off the face of the earth, off the face of the globe. We're all in ink that they're getting man. I don't care when we do the break. We got no spots today anyway. So I'll just, I'll just, you get that piece of copy that I just, I'm glad to relax. Everything is under control man. Everything on this end is under the sun. He showed a word. Beautiful. Soft Florida consumer still recovering from the most recent way of gasoline pricing. Crisis could face even higher prices, perhaps as much as 30 cents. And gallon in the aftermath of Katrina, the storm shut down oil production in the Gulf of Wancy out there. They got conflicting reports on this, depending on who you listen to is. What excuses for to be how much damage was done. Tore through the heart of the West, or refining industry, closing plants that supply most of the gas these other fuels, using the try-counted area, datebrowden Palm Beach. Soft Florida, which gets about three quarters of its gas from the Gulf Reef. We should be seeing higher pump prices as soon as new deliveries of gas are arrived. So Jim Smith presently Florida Petroleum Marketing and Convenience store association, which has about 50 cents. In other words, thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. And they're going to say, well, he had nothing to do with the hurricane. Well, guess what? Don't be too sure with that. A two words you need to keep in mind global warming. Oh, there you go again. Yeah, there I go again. Let's go to the right. Global freaking warming. Those three words. I can't believe I've been a more trackspot almost double when Hank's been to. Some are much bigger degenerate than he'll ever be. He's working on it though. 14 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM was your most people are ice-holes. So when you think of the back it's the brightest. Oh, yeah. That's it. It's the first time you get hit. You don't need to grab the spell if you can't wear it that. Oh, yeah. Hey, we're out. Hey, we're out. Hey, we're out. Those just grab the wind and get back down. He'd a lot of things to ball back down. That penalty to the shower that I would. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. 10, 19 at 5, 60 WQM. Anyway, right before the storm hit, which was seven o'clock on Friday. On a visit for 30, 39. Seven o'clock on Thursday. We've heard the southeast Florida coast right there in Hollywood between Hollywood and like North Miami Beach, Helen Dale, they were saying. But anyway, there were still saying. And I remember reading the advise you were on the air. We're saying we can't agree one. And then Montreal's made it to where some of these so-called local experts, some of the weather theories, who were saying, oh, it might not even be a hurricane. It might just be going back to being a tropical storm or less than 75 miles an hour when it comes on. Sure. Well, guess what? Yes. You know, I realized that it's emphasized forecasting the weather. That's the understanding of the century. But I mean, it was so bad and so far off. And you'll notice that even, and they were also saying that when it was going to go out the ass and side of Florida on a west coast, and then it was going to go out of the Gulf and become a category two or three hurricane. Remember that? They become a category two or three hurricane? No. It became a category five hurricane. And then even those who was like approaching no leans at the very last minute there, it took that little jog to the east. Luckily for them, I mean, they got horrendous damage. You're just devastating catastrophic damage in the roof of the superdom. Just about got peeled right off and big chunks of it got ripped open. But can you imagine if that would like to continue where it was going? Wow. And so instead you get a block city and mobile all those places that got hammered. I said, okay. So we category one my ass and like I said, it's just, well, why, you know, they can't find a happy medium. They either over, they get it to everybody hysterical at the point of like jumping out of windows or it's like, Oh, well, this is going to be much to do about nothing. And but if they had me convinced that it was like a little overkill, you know, like, just a little bit of wind and whatever. And then it took that left turn very similar to Andrew and I respect. Right. Remember how we saw Andrew sitting right off there right east of the, the date brought with line kind of then on the last minute took that left turn and just smashed your homestead and color origin p-rion. So stay in the keys. Here's George's poll from yesterday. What's the worst thing about and we apologize by the way for all the off the year time, but then again, if you know, and they are what they are, you know, they suck. Just the way it is. I was getting reports that as of three o'clock Friday afternoon, which is a Thursday afternoon long before the thing. And and what else were they saying, eight o'clock till three in the morning, it was going to come on sure right right well guess why. Or didn't that. But by three and a half new people already were losing their power. Now how is that possible when there wasn't any storm yet? I mean, you know, there was some rain in some of the outer bands and the boys in the band, but other than that, then what's anything right right. So why was the power going out? I don't know. Yeah, but nevertheless, like I said, seven weeks from Shivou, you'll have it back on. I don't know where those FDNL announcements are that they're always putting on the year in situations like this where they say FDNL apologizes for the fact that you're sitting there in the dark. Oh, with your battery operated radio and, you know, you give me some kind of idea what's going to go on. No, I don't see that. Explain where it is. Yeah. What's the worst thing about living in Florida with Georgia at 912 votes, pretty good from a lot of dissatisfaction. By people and, you know what, I voted for the winning category, the people, two hundred and two, not even a contest. The people, all of them, a lot of them. The people, the governor, that's the fat ass governor to you, a hundred and seventy-one to jester. Little brother, the heat, 143. Now is that the basketball team or the weather? Take a choice. Or maybe it's the traffic, 116. By the way, Josh Curtis just moved again for the 18th time this month. I just, I can't keep track of that whole deal. Now you're moving because you're moving up in a world or you're moving, you know. I mean, I live, I actually live in the same complex. I just moved in with my brother. You moved in with your brother? Yeah. Well that's not good. I saw movie last night. The Morrison tapes. Yeah. I'm sure it's not like the Morrison. The Morrison murders was the name about two brothers and one of them killed the rest of the family. I just mentioned that. Not good, living with your brother. The storms 102, the mosquitoes 29, as your girlfriend also live in in there, as you got like a three way going. Yeah. No, he's smart. Now definitely not. Oh. The 2016 storms 102, the mosquitoes 29, as big as come quotes. The utility companies, you can mean like FPNL and the other ones could you 23. The schools 20. By the way, Clarence, you can take, you can take that electric socket and just plug it in right inside your Echo, idiot. You quiz like just get out of Georgia's face already and stop trying to play bushboss with George. It also, you only comes in when you're on giving you instructions. Well, don't throw that. And don't talk them. Screw you with Clarence. You idiot. You quizling. The schools 20, the restaurants five, well, we got a lot of good restaurants in South Florida. Now as many as we used to have, well, so many good ones and the stores one. What does that mean? The stories. Well, you know. What are the stories of late? No. Okay, well, there's only one vote. So there's your thing. Now, getting back to El Presidente, thanks for those low. Oh, look who they got on there. Now, speaking of hysteria. Have you got the water? Have the water continues to rise at the current rate of an inch every five minutes. We have been on emergency backup generator power since about. I'm a Tulane University host. Who will clock in the morning yesterday? I want to work with you again. At the current rate. Exactly. We will lose emergency backup generator power. At last. Oh, and there's Mrs. Alimba. You see, no matter where you're touring, you can't win. Yeah, we're just surrounded by vashes now. If you supposedly are liberal, but I guarantee you to rub off. It's a time magazine's got an article in the issue that comes out today. It's global warming, a fuel and Katrina. I'm not going to read it because it's kind of like wishy-washy and buttov-bubble, but maybe this, but. But it says warm ocean temperatures are a key ingredient for monster hurricanes, prompting some scientists to believe that global warming is exacerbating. Can we say that? No. Excessorating our strong troubles. One especially sobering study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, but what do they know? Find that hurricane wind speeds have increased about 50% in the past 50 years. And since warm oceans are such a critical ingredient in hurricane formation, anything that gets the water warming more could get the storms growing worse. Global warming in theory at least would be more than sufficient to do that. While the people in the world in the world may not seem to have the hurricane or the next one they do see could make even Katrina look mild by comparison. In other words, more likely maybe a tsunami, mommy. See that? Global warming just those two words. They were actually talking about that the other day. And I thought, she they're going to pull the plug on whatever channel I was. Although probably a Canadian channel because if it was in the US, they'd like, you'd see the word police coming in there. The truth police coming in the stormtroopers just dragged them out. Remember how they were like, dragon Howard B. A lot of the studio that time? Yeah. We can't let her simmer that. At least 55 day well, that's what it says in this story. Well that's in Mississippi. I think 64. But they, you know, it's going to be a lot more than that because they haven't been able to get in where these houses have collapsed and other buildings. It's going to be that that toll is going to be in the hundreds. Am I right? Yep. What do we have seven in South Florida? And let me say again, all you weather furries out there. You blew it big time. Man, you had you were just, you weren't even close as far as where the eye was coming on shore as far as how severe was going to be as how much the damage. And you're not even close. So why not just come on and say, we don't know, just go and get your apply wouldn't risk weed and the water and batteries and act crazy. Do whatever you need to do. But do something. And anyway, more than 55 people that are Mississippi, even with Katrina's swirling way to the north, two different levy breaches, New Orleans Senate, churning sea of water coursing through city streets. And just hear that woman was from Tulane Hospital. The hospitals in state open on generator power, but they may not be able to do that because the water is still rising in course New Orleans is already five feet under sea level to begin with before this. But so what can you say other than it's horrendous and grotesque and catastrophic, but better than us and that what we always say, that we feel don't feel bad, right? Right. We just not as bad as we do for a while. And of course, one more reason never to go there anyway. This is Neil Rogers. This is five, sixteen. That's a thud. That's a thud. Tonight I'm Brent Kamp. Don't miss a special guest appearance from Philadelphia Eagles by receiver Carol Owens. The motions are running high. That's the third and most good chance to have sold over begins. See if they need to tell me a set up. And I just tell them I'm a grown man. I told you the same. I told him he said, you don't have to tell me. I don't tell you. The ball through those to be able to be very old with the yard. And look at the possibility change. I had two. I was not going to say for you. Just wanted to have this conversation with me. He was a step forward. You're moving through the trauma that issues that you went through. That's a bunch of life. Very, very quick. You know, I'm not one of his keys. Pretty much the morning sunshine. He sets your wings and show your colors and patterns. So you will be known. This can't be bright. I just want to play football. That's Terlowins. Tonight on Brockkamp. Sagewalk will never be the same again. And then you get to everybody knows who reals for it. So how about those dolphins? I'm going to show you the little girl's team. We get Josh's Tampa Bay bucket ears. Exhibition game only points on. That's correct. Meaning was. Do you go to the game? No, I did not. We'll why not. I don't know what I was taking it's coming. How are those tickets coming? Where's Ray Perry with my dolphin tickets? Huh? I'll go talk to him in the evening. He said, you shouldn't you have had those by now already? I would have thought yes. And priest they have one more preceding game. Well, it doesn't that package include all of preseason games as well. Yeah, that's well. So what does the story? Ray Perry. Hi, you're quizzing. You're fair. That place is just coming on glue. I don't understand what that piece of copy. I want George. I want you to take a look at that thing. You just sent me that I just attempted to do a forruse. Yeah, I got it here. That could be the all-time worst piece of garbage. I mean, just the misspellings in the grammar and the periods where they don't fall long and the ones lacking where they do belong. And he just I apologize to our friends at Armstrong Toyota and Armstrong Ford of Homestead for a fact boy being such a lumics. Maybe his puppet was getting in the way of the word prices. There I don't know. But it's just it just kind of seems like the whole operation is coming undlude. But nevertheless, pay taxes are showing up. 218 votes on our poll today. What's the best movie of 2004 and 2005? Not a lot of good ones. I'll take it at. That's pretty obvious by your response so far. You're in height 9, 11, 54. That's my vote. But then again, it's you know, separate category. Right? Right. They all suck. 26 didn't see any. 22. Some of you folks need to get out of the house once in a while. What? Well, crashers 19. The incredible 15. That was really. Star Wars 3, 11. Kill Bill Vime, 2, 11. Batman begins 10. Now this is my own list that I made. I'm sure we might have an additional two. Spider-Man 2, 9. Passing to the Christ 8. Of course with our crowd, you know, what do you expect? Not much Cinderella Man 7, hitch 4. Troy, head 4. Hey, by the way, Troy, you're a good guy, but your sales efforts are really like the rest of the guy. Draw a week, really week. Well, he sure sucked in his way out of the this morning, didn't he when I bitched him out? Good. Stay away from us all these sales holes, okay? You're idiots. Except the new guy. What's the new guy's name? Jay and Billy. They seem to be like stool human. Since it is 3, 54 states 3. Broken flowers to the born supremacy, too. With Ms. Matt Dylan. Matt, David. You're fair, Matt. Matt Dylan, Matt Damon. Robots 1, chocolate factory 1, more of the world's 1. Oh, brother. Or the world's speaking of. You're fair. Nobody knows one constant gardener 1, Phantom of the Opera 1, the Punisher 1 day after tomorrow 1, I robot 1, and then no votes yet for this these that are under list. And I didn't just pick these out of their mirror. I picked them out of the lists of the top box office movies. Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Matt a Gasku team of heaven, stealth, unleashed. Look at me. Head on. My summer love. Downfall by Helsing. Collateral and Hellboy all have the big. So far. Right. That's what we got. Did I put Hellboy on there? Yeah. That's all there. No, it's on there. But I mean, maybe you added it. I don't know what was on the list. So there's a whole bunch of them I don't have any. I just noticed that we're like with all the hurricane stuff. Still going on with all these hundreds of thousands of people without power. We're like a command performance. You know what I mean? I'm sure you were aware of that. Yeah, we were commanded. Yeah. And of course, things are going so well on a rack. It's a good thing that the hurricane came along the like life all that stuff off the news off the headlines. Thousands of Sunni demonstrate is rallied in Sodom who's saying's hometown of the CREAS, that a to denounce their maximum constitution. But they have to negotiate as finished the new charter without the endorsement of the Sunni Arabs. Sunni leaders have urged their community to defeat the charter when the nationwide referendum on October 15. Saying it had been rammed through the drafting committee by dominant Shiite Arab and Kurdish alliance. The absence of Sunni endorsement after more than two months of intensive negotiations. Race fears of more violence and set the stage for a bitter political fight ahead of the referendum. A political battle threatened the sharpened communal divisions at a time when relations Among Shiites and these incurreds appeared to be worsening. Oh my God. And other words, everything's going great. Oh, we're fine. First great. Here's some good news for you before we have any calls. Is Sunni where we're going to get some to the addon. We'll see. Come see. Come say. And I'm saying if we get him fine, if not. What is that idiot? Chad Everett Myers else for our down below that 39 mile per hour number. That's where you go from a tropical depression to a tropical storm. And then you go at 74. That's when you get to a hurricane. So now we're down to a tropical depression. Great news. It's right. No, okay. Of course, a little bit too late for some poor bastards, but nevertheless, it's a depression. All right. It's a depression. How full of crap you people were including this guy and seeing it. And you know, seeing a needs to be taken off the air. They need to be off the air. Well, let's go to the next day. And now, well, let's go to the next day. And he's he's a teasing some horrific pictures that we have coming from the world in some horrific footage. He's a mad man. It's just like that air France plane at the person here a few weeks ago to same kind of crap. His stereo. That's how desperate they are on CNN. Don't watch it. Okay. Just to program it out of your account. I'm looking. I'm sorry. Watch your watch your name and I really caused me a bit some real good last. Talk about in common with a thin pasty voice in the the bizarre nose man. She was love. Oh, we're going to go. Are we going to go to Microsoft? Can he hear us? I mean, we're granted. You know, the hurricane and everybody's got technical problems and glitches. But I mean, she just heard true lack of professionalism and lack of any right being on the air. He has shown through the last couple of days. Readier and idiot man. You're a bubble head. But here's the good news. You can use the effort in class but only five times in England. That's great. Really? Yes. A secondary school is to allow Prince and pupils to swear at teachers as long as they don't do it. More than five times in a lesson running. Tell you of how many times the effort has been used will be kept on the board. If a class, if a class goes over to limit, they won't be spoken to. If they had less and other words, they're going to get like thank you. Something is what is. What is that? What they're calling us. There's teachers like Spank and the kids. Remember in Clockwork Orange? Oh, yeah. Is the astonishing policy which the school says will improve the behavior of pupils. That's behavior with an IOUR was condemned by the parents group and MPs yesterday. They warned it would backfire. Parents were advised to the plan which comes into effect when term starts next week. And letter from the Weaver's school and well-earned North and Ham. North, what is it? North Hamptons. What are those brits? What are the warpins of these? As long as we got the brits. Excuse me, this schmits. How long is a lesson? I don't know. As long as I take to finish the spanking. Back to home. Yes. You heard that? You're going to teach you a lesson. Back to home. And then keep banging away, banging away. Well, spanking away. Well, I see more. CubitQAAM? Hello? Yes sir. You have one for the poll, right? Yeah. Right, Charles! Yes we have. It was called Russell. It was a roll rate. Okay thank Valley. It was supposedly pretty good. I did like to reach Real. I saw most of it. It was all right. It was adequate. I did not have any, what's his name? Will Smith? No. Well, because he plays everything else. He has other black eye here. I thought maybe the heavy will smith building heard a real after they heard Jamie Foxx into the fine job. Oh, that's right. Jamie Foxx was very good. Then he went and asked her for that. He didn't dominate anyone. Yes, he didn't. He asked. Well, I'll be down. Twenty me four, eleven at five, sixty, nobody can't wait. Hopefully everybody is safe and sound of anything is okay. Our copy is horrendous and our sales department is just losing it entirely. I think you goes back to the top of the head of the fish again. Don't you? The head of the fish. The top of the line back there. There is something really stinkin' back there, man. And you know what they say? The fish stinks chop off the head. It is just unbelievable what's going on back there. Over there were down there next door. I go back there and just pee right on their desk if I were you. And during the next break, not even if it was on the side. Just go back there and give a little hose job right there under the desk. I mean, just incredible what's going on. I said, it's up this morning. Why do we even worry about ratings and trends and I knew this stuff. It's just like we're in perpetual, just kind of floating our way. Like it's a perpetual hurricane. We're always a floating our way through life. At any rate, the church keep coming in the clearing and that's all accounts. 19 before 11 is 5 and 16. But if you only got a pristine schedule today, by the way, the more mysterie. The more mysterie. The more I don't know. The more I don't know. Maydog is 4 or 6 30. You got your marlins on deck. The cardinals in town to play the marlins at 7 o'clock tonight at 7 o'clock is the game time. Anycalf to the ballgame. Big series man. What is this only? Oh, that's right. Did they win or lose last night? I didn't see. We took a beat in the last night. Again, after taking a pounding into Kagawa on Sunday. I thought they took a beaten from the high flying cardinals. Was a score. Six one. Ooh, they took a pounding in that's bad. If time's tough, I just pitch every day and get hit by a pitch every. What I tell you about that 95 year old Greg Maddox is he good or what? Pits the good game, but when Push came to shove man, he pushed it. This is their brother on special assignment for Shibi S. News. I saw how had they major announcement to make. I have decided to change my name from their brother to DRAT. I thought the entire dead brother name was getting in the way between me and my fans. I've also cut my hair to a point from the front and die the tip screen. So I might appeal to the young hipsters. I've also traded in my Lincoln town car and got myself a new whip with his slain. For call, my new ride is a Cadillac Escov. And I've picked my ride. I've got the spinning rim. I've got the dice hanging from the mirror. And of course, I've got a kick ass sound system where I can play or two-plot. Plus, I've got a plasma screen that I've actually showed how to kick it with my homies and play video games. I've redecorated my house or my crib. It's fat and when I say fat, it's spelled P8A2 with your slain or two hip. Happen it because DRAT is re-enettin' himself. I'm wearing my blame. And I'm comin' action. We're in baggy coos and faking holes. This ain't no hard of that girl. DRAT's on special assignment for CBS News. You go Dan, 1046 and 560 WDQM he already did? Yeah, he won't. He's a kick in the ancient styles, what I'm hearing. Papya Cannon writes a national emergency. Oh, and let me just tell you right now, the stories that are on our website today. We're gonna get to this other one here in a minute. I got a whole pile of stuff and I don't really care if anybody cares or not, right? Right. Good. Ed Naha. Well, he's the one that wrote this. Who is Ed Naha? Let me just, you know, because people like to know who the hell is Ed Naha? Maybe he knows John Levitt. Remember John, maybe he knows Ed Naha? Let's see. This is, say on here who the hell is? He's just a calmist. He wrote a column called cable news, Huxters and Harlowets, which fits in with Robin's and he's about all the propaganda that you get fit as news. That's on our website and of all the stories that are on here. Those are five of you who read the stories. That's the one you want to be reading if you don't only read one. That's, he's got his thumb right up. It's too long to read the whole thing. Papya Cannon writes a national emergency. He says on August 12th, you must go Governor Bill Richardson to clear the state of emergency due to a chaotic situation involving illegal alien smuggling and illegal drugship. It's on his southern border. Three days later Governor Janet and Apollo, Toronto followed suit and Arizona. I wonder if Janet's related the George de Pala, Toronto and Jonah Pala, Toronto, family and Anthony as well at Pala Park and Pocano Downs. Reason, the crisis on the border, the ally, ally and free immigration policy of George Bush and Bencetti, Fox, beloved of corporate America, has created a hell on our southern border. Those southwestern states are being indated by illegal aliens, trashing rants, killing cattle, committing crimes, eating up tax dollars, the traffic in our cutters and human beings from Mexico as a national scandal and a human rights disgrace. Florida's true of New Mexico and Arizona is true of our nation which is now home to an estimated 10 to 15 million aliens who broken our laws and broke into our country. It's a mark of the cowardice of our leaders that they're so terrified of being called bigots that they tolerate this criminality. The moral rot of political correctness runs deep today in both national parties. A president like Teddy Roosevelt would have led the army to the border years ago and if Fox didn't cooperate, T.R. would have gone on to Mexico City. Nor would I, who deported and legally deported all illegal aliens in 53, have stood still for this being done to the country he had defended in war. One of these Bush Republicans are afraid of. Dury looks from the health at the country club. The question of whether America is going to remain one nation or whether our southwest will wind up as a giant coast of O, separated by language and loyalty from the rest of America is on the table. Whereas Bush, all wrapped up in the issue of whether women in the jaffel have the same rights and divorce and custody cases as women in Nebraska. His legislative agenda for the fall includes a blanket and a steeper illegals so they can be exploited by businesses who want to hold wages down as they dump the social cost for their employees, health care, schools, courts, cops, prisons, under the taxpayers. Not only of Richardson and Apollo Fano awakened, they're on the front line, so too as Hillary Clinton, who's spoken out against illegal immigration with a fort-rightness that makes Bush sound like a talking hit for La Raza. La Raza. Why is there a public in Congress permitting this present to persist in the dereliction of the sworn duty? George Bush is the chief executive of the USA and is his duty to enforce the laws. I think a little swig of soda here would be in common. Those laws are clear. People are breaking out of be sent back yet more than 10 million of broken in with impunity. Another million attempt to break in every year. Half a million in succeed. Borders' security is homeland security. How then can the Department of Homeland Security say America's secure? Who can guarantee that of the untold millions of illegals here in the scores of thousands of order deported for crimes who have disappeared into our midst? That not as a terrorist waiting for orders to blow up a subway or a mall and massacre American citizens. Most of these illegals come to work to send money back to their families. They're not bad people, but because they're predominantly young and male, they accommodate this fortunate, share of violent crimes. Why should US citizens be assaulted, robbed, raped, and murdered, and have their children molested because the government won't enforce its own laws? Is this not an indictment of democracy itself? What dictatorial regime would put up with this? Not only this one. The Republican Party claims to be a conservative party, but what kind of conservative is it who the cut a few costs or make a few bucks will turn his family's home into an neighborhood of flop house? In a recent poll, 40% of Mexicans, 40 million people, said they would like to come to the US and 20% express their willingness to break in. Time to cut the battle about how NAFTA is going to solve the problem. This is a national emergency. Twice George Bush was taken off to preserve protect and defend the constitution of the US, article 4 section for the constitution reads, the US will guarantee to every state in this union a Republican form of government and shall protect each of them against invasion. While we are being invaded, the president of the US is not doing is doing the protect the states against that invasion, some courageous Republican to get the attention of this white house should drop in the hopper of bill of impeachment charging George W. Bush with a conscious refusal rep old his oath and defend the states of the union against invasion. It may be the only way left to get his attention before the border vanishes and our beloved country dissolves into Mexico, what's here called a polyglot boarding house for the world. Thank you, Pan and finally, I met you some money. How do you like that, huh? You go, Pan. Nice going, Pan. Excellent. Can we take a call or two here or what? Good. We get a whole bunch of movies on there. I really don't care because I don't think we got anybody listening anyway. I mean, they're all like being put in their lives back together, we're getting clean up all that trash and admests. Hoping at FP and L, might get off their ass for those poor bastards, all those families who are sitting up there and how many days do you have to wait three from Thursday to yesterday? So, to Friday, Saturday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday almost four full days before George finally got his power back and luckily he had a generator and spilled gas over the inside of his car, his on mess. They go out to take it now to Armstrong, Florida, Armstrong, Toyota. Okay, I'm serious. Find out from Fat Boy, I can't get over that he sent it. It's just why am I surprised by anything it goes on this place, right? Why should it be? It is so sloppy, it is so, and I'm supposed to make magic from that. You give me a piece of turd like that and I'm supposed to make it into a goal, a goal leaf, you fat tub of garbage, you idiot, you quiz when you... You're fairing. Dominic, you weigh in, hello. 2 AM, call waiting line. Dominic, you weigh in, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I have a weather-perry fire port. Yeah. This is the city of the city of New Orleans, was streaming their newscast on the internet. And I was watching it and who should come on to be interviewed, but Brian Andrews. Brian Andrews, that's what I say, Brian Norcross. I saw Brian Norcross on a couple of times in national TV doing his weather-free bit. No, he's in... Yeah. Yeah. He has been set by his Miami station, I guess, channel 4. Do you know where you're going? Brian Norcross, not Brian Andrews. No, no, no, no. He was in China, school. Yeah. He said he was from WFO, and he had been set to cover the New Orleans weather event. Yeah, that's... The people in Miami could see it for a fan. Yeah. I mean, come on. Ian, where that's talking about women. Okay. I thought there was going to be some punch line that I didn't even like hear the... There would be something new that... Here it is. Oh. How many QAN hello? I don't... Neil. Yes. Thank God, yeah. It's just like the Z-Long time listeners. First time calling. Yeah. I still love you. Yeah, nobody cares about that either. How you like that? That was good, huh? But we could have said, huh? But there's more. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, let's get a lot more like those two. Yeah, let's do it. Let's kick an ancient style, man. Pound 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lans that I mentioned by the way that you're probably back sometime between now and next year of U.S. For those of you who are like wondering if your life is ever... But again, like Hank said, can you imagine maybe up to six weeks with no power in New Orleans, so in those other places? Wow. Oh, the flooding. Yeah. I think those people are all to just like... And when you say pack up their stuff, what stuff? I mean, I mean, maybe if they got into car and evacuated and got that out. A lot of people were, but obviously not all of them. But I'm not sure how much stuff could they take with them, right? A little bit. So you're going to be seeing a lot of people who's very sad. And you know how you see these homeless people with like, uh, they got like a trash bag. Yeah. And they're... No, no, seriously, their life is in a trash bag. It's kind of like when you work your QAM. WDQAM, hello. How's that far, hello? WDQAM, hello. Yes, sir. How are you today? Pretty good. Good. I just pulled up a spider guy about 10 minutes under the door. I'm going to go on a state road 7 and you know, we push bumper stickers on the bag in this car. Yeah. And I just had to say to, I just pulled up a timing. I was like, we do that. And I said, so I used to support Bush. Because he had a new support Bush. How could you support a guy who opens the borders? Who sends the kids to die for, you know, for money, for a caliber, and this and that. And you know, you know what? He's still doing a great job. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. Talk it about. I mean, this guy still thinks it's a thing to go in. You know, some people can book if you tell them that it's great. You tell them that they'll actually believe what they close the right and not see what's really happening around them. Yeah. There's the only people to blame for what's going on out of the American public man. 50% of the people in the country are so, so I think in stupid man. It's unburied. Oh, no. Yeah. I mean, they're not rates at all. I did one, the one, the woman there to counter a Cindy Sheehan. And she's hysterical. I support my president. I'm just carrying on like a maniac. I'm what are how much they're paying that bitch. But that was a city sheehan was reporting the president. Sheehan. I'm saying, remember the women that's doing the woman that's counter protesting is doing. Oh, yeah. I like that. Okay. Okay, pal. Get your ears fixed. And it's a 1057. How's that pull on the movies coming on? I thought it would be like a little diversion anyway from all the depressing stuff to movie thing movies always. Yeah. All the evidently, and it's not because these people don't go to our goal for today on the Apollo 300 votes by the way, we got 285. Why? Well, I listen, the way things are going right now. Best movie of 2004, 2005, Fahrenheit 9, 1176, that's our crowd, of course. You come a pink, olibule fags. They all suck 33. Didn't see any 24. I mean, what is that? That's embarrassing to me. Wedding crashes 21. The incredible 17 star wars three has got 16. Batman begins 13. He'll build volume 2, 11. Since 79, passive a Christ 9. Oh, Jesus, Spider-Man 29, Cinderella Man 8, Ray 7, 51 states 5, hitch 4, Troy's got 4, and a guarantee of screw-and-saw mall. Born supremacy 3, war the world's two broken flowers, two robots, one, chocolate factory, one, King of Kingdom of Heaven, one, nobody knows one, nobody knows the travel icing. Well, it's not really worthwhile. We know these others with the one. And we got 285. So our goal is like 286. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. This is the Neil Rogers Show. This is your grandma. Any questions? With a quick editorial, here's Pat Robertson. Hello, this is Reverend Pat Robertson. Many of you have been criticizing me because I called for the assassination of Venezuela and President Hugo Schadd. Now before you try casting the first stone, let me clarify my statement so you don't label me some religious salad. As decent God, fearing Christians, it's our job to cleanse the earth of all the evil dictators, even those who pose no imminent threat towards us. For if we do the rat thing by killing people we don't like, we'll be rewarded when Jesus comes down on a gold studded chariot giving out those boxes of raisinets to all the good girls and boys so they won't have to pay. Those over inflated concession prices. The next time they see some crappy rob Schneider flick which I don't even know if that piece of crap is that on DVD. If she's me, Pat, yes, start for yourself. Okey, don't be them. This is Pat Robertson and you have a great day. Was that Pat Robertson or Bob Sheefer? I heard him say Okey, don't be. Maybe we ought to send him to Lake Okey for nokey or whatever it is. Blots and the leafs out. Maybe God is cleansing the leafs out, if you think. Not bad. And the honest bush on there the other day was it yesterday or the day before. And I was on Sunday and he would not was this during a speech yesterday about how well all we're doing is praying for praying in our Americans, you're praying to God. Well, if you're praying to God so that so many people don't get killed during the hurricane, how come God let the hurricane happen in the first place and at least heavily populated areas you bose you any you fair you in the soul. It's always the same thing. That's pray to God. That's the American in the Silicon way, man. Also anyway, gold star for families for peace. Gold star families for peace. That's the name of the group. They've got a PSA they're running with not a PSA but a spot paid spot with Cindy Sheen. It was just down here before the 11 o'clock during our break. Didn't see it. It's great. And she looks right in the camera and they sure to close up and she's talking about he lied the bush lied and her son died for nothing. What's this noble cause and why not admit our mistake before it's too late and we kill any more soldiers and yadiani on any course. You know, go to fall on deaf ears. You people in the media and I know we have you know CNN's got a bureau in town and then it was have their local bureaus. You're at a disgrace each and every single one of you man. You have the power. You've got the ability but you're all in fact this article which I urge everybody to read. I said that before but you won't do it anyway. But at least I told you so. Cable news, hucksters and harlots by Ednaha. Ah ha. And I'm only going to read a part of it because it's like a long, real long but the nice thing to be said about cable news is just when you think you can't sink any lower it surprises you and goes substratta. To be range coverage of Cindy, she and police, Rimshah and I'm not just talking about thoughts is if that was actually a news channel regarding the train wreck formerly known as CNN when she and returned to Crawford last week, a legitimate news story and I stress the word news CNN somehow felt responsible to report this news story by also featuring a segment spotlighting folks who are pro bush. Thank god Martin Luther King juniors no longer run giving his pesky eye of a dream speech. CNN would probably offer equal airtime to the grand dragon the KKK for indefinitely. The blur between legitimate news and editorializing is now forever joined at the hip like an ester from the top-rounding movie freaks. It's truly jarring and equally disgusting but the fixes in no news is our news. Wouldn't it be great if these corporate media hucksters are fit to apply this tacked across the board? When bushutters in an entity like our strategy is straightforward as Iraqi stand up America's will stand down, you'd cut the blitzer or donner or fiction and a gift with an opposing view, well both clearly are present as talking out of his ass again. American reporters both in news printed on the airwaves have never been so corrupted. They suck at the teeth of the beltways if they were be afferend children need a curled mother's milk not to get news to spread out to us common folk but to further their careers in doorstepment spued propaganda as fact. As Dan Froemkin and aces online writer for the Matso Hotsawashman post reported last week, these guys will do anything to keep their jobs. About 50 members of the White House press corps accepted President Bush's invitation last night to come over to his house in Crawford. He'd his food drink his booze hang around to pull and smooth with him while promising up till anyone what he said afterward. Perfect. Reporter sworn the secret in order to touch the helm of our freckless leader. Touch the hem. I didn't know he wore dress. It's lovely. The associated press waiting with the jovial, the casual affair of five catfish, potato salad, coleslaw, homemade cheese and chocolate chip cookies, followed a tradition in which Bush and his wife Laura have the press covering his annual longest vacation up to their ranch in central Texas as sort of a thank you. Yes, thank you for bowing down to the anointed one. As Froemkin pointed out, one Bush touched particularly appreciated by the working media, invitations were sent out at the last minute. So only the reporters in photographer's already in the area could attend for having any big footing by the media leads in Washington or New York or on vacation themselves. So if you're covering she in have a brusky, cover and call rove, forget about it. Another ironic note in order to get to the big bash all the reporters had to drive the bashy and scamp on route to the Republican version of Valhalla. What's death when you can get a headpan from our perspiring president? Bush has good reason to sweat, Cindy she in space has enjoyed Bush's worst enemy. Why because it's real, she's not a politician, she's not a group, she's a mom. Because of that fact, the Republican smear machine, by extension, the slacker president's thrall, have been working overtime even going so far as to create a prefabricated grass movement by a Republican-oriented PR firm, dubbed, you don't speak for me Cindy. It's bus tour, professionally organized as opposed to she ends this scene to camp out a Crawford actually being backed by real people. As beginning pumped up by all the cable outlets, CNN, MSNBC, and of course FASC, which should have renamed Weasel about eight years ago, sorry real life Weasels. Even dubbed the effacing three poles in the past week, which came between 36 and 40% top clarity rating, with nearly 60% of our citizens we now opposed to the Iraqi quagmar, decided to get on the creative media train, attempting to blunt she and s-anthai warm mom's dead and is far from a counter mother, Bush supporter Tammy Pruehut, America lives in freedom because the families like the Pruehut, she smear last week, and produced in the Pruehut family on live TV. Okay, Pruehut has had five sons and a husband serving in Iraq, her husband is now home or sons of all alive. She's not exactly a grieving mom, which fits in with Bush cause never ending attempt to sanitize the war. Once more, when interviewed after Bush's blood deviation, Pruehut refused to slay and she, and just as she refuses to slay those military parents, who disagreed with her position. Bush's spokeswoman in training, Trent Duffy, has been sticking it to she and all week, even going so far to comment, the president can understand that people don't share his view that we must win the war on terror, and we can't retreat and cut and run from terrorists, but he just has a different view. This particularly offensive piece of Bush coast, smartman, is when, widely under-reported, but it's now official, if you don't support Bush's invasion, you want the terrorist of insurgents or whatever we're calling them to win, and this goes on and on with quotes from some rotesk, well, some all the stuff that's going on on TV. To make a long story short, it's very long. It's on our website, cable news, hucksters, and harlus. You're a disgrace. Absolutely disgrace. Hey, you know something, if the media did take a long time during Vietnam, but if the media would have reacted this way, it's still me fighting in Vietnam. Yeah. I'm telling you right now, they're a bit of a rollercochon, if you have the people with balls, 560, 560, pound, 560, and a Verizon and Siggit Arwalice lines. Come on, you QA, and hello. How in the hell did John Roberts lose that job? The Bob Schiefer. How did that happen? Because he had to be on the Supreme Court, man. For the next few weeks. For that. Anybody should know that, shouldn't he? That's right. Get with it. 560, pound, 560, and a Verizon and Siggit Arwalice lines. Come on, let's get these phones smoking, man. I came in here today, working over a hot microphone, looking out at that beautiful sunny sky. What's the temperature here right now? What is it there about 110? I got to clean up that mess. Another hurricane. 24, 75 degrees, a high of 12, about 77 today. I'll take it, you know. Maybe I'd be paradise, so we do have a lot of smelly foreigners here, but nevertheless. WDQA, and hello. Yeah, like speaking. Speaking. Yeah. My round of told me to call you and thank you, for fuzely, for mentioning the flag or way of the other. Well, how do you like Dan? Man, it is incredible. It is. Well, thank God for her man. She's one of the few that have listened to me. We did that informational thing a week or two ago. There were a few. They don't listen to me no more. Maybe that's why Dan has seen any spots on the show. Maybe they know that the power of Neil is just gone. Yeah. Yeah. He had that tremendous power. I can, the only thing is ice cream. All there is looking for luck. See, wow. I just had receded quite a bit by the time I got there, according to some of the other. But there's sky miles of brand. He ought to drown. That's what God's punishment ought to be for me. We have a slip into that gigantic lake of water. They have on the road. They're just drowned. For his irresponsible so-called reporting on an air france thing. The person here three, four weeks ago, you're in this race. You're an idiot man. They ought to put you on an express shuttle. Okay, just blow it up on purpose with you. Solo. You idiot. You quiz on you. You're fairy. God. That's the me. I'll tell you the news media. Forget about Bush. Forget about all this other stuff. And you remember the same thing with anti-carry group. The Swift, the not so Swift boat veteran crack. Right. And you remember how the media just sucked right along on it. Here's a war hero. A decorated warrior, a running from president, I guess a well-known draft dodgeer. And then they turned it around and they get down rather than candid CBS because it effected it the story that put on even though it was true, they couldn't substantiate it. So basically the message is, don't confuse this with the truth. Here's a fact that says, put city of God on there. You sent that to me, right? No. I thought you were sending it. I was good, but I don't want to lose it. I actually led it to somebody and I don't think I'll ever see it again anyway. It's a constant gardener is done by the same director, but it's not out until Wednesday. I'll make your copy and send it. Okay. I'll sign up. Is that out yet? How can it have votes on our poll? Well, that's how good it is. So take it off the list. This is you, uh, efforts. And the PSI, which bill come on was here. Well, all I can say to you is you're fair. Please, like, for tech your children. That's my comment. Oh, I got a bow. Oh, my, from some central Los Angeles. It's the truth and Leah Coca, visual war. No, no, no, no, no, no. What a surprise. Oh, Leah Coca, and New York Dog. This is you, man. This is you. Yes. Hello. Welcome, visual. What's that? You're saying, visual. Yes, this is a man, the name of the show. Visual. That. I don't. I'm fine, dear young person. How are you? How are you? How are you? I don't know what you're saying. Who's our first guest? We're looking at the puzzle and they're looking at the puzzle. I've got no idea who that is. Oh, I see a backstage. Please welcome Pam Anderson. Oh, I think I know what that means. You have tremendous markers. How is Tommy, visual, the visual? Oh, time is doing things that they're new showing. And I knew how. I've been your understanding. Question of what he said. He's a matter of more visual for you. Ha. It's visual, because visual of visual. I don't know what you said, but it's time to take a break. Yeah, dog. Oh, you're a dog, I'm Lee. Yeah, I'm the same, you dog, you're my dog. Okay, still the call from Jamie Parr when Liam's new preserved. Speaking of the weather, I think of my drizzle of visual for for sure. 1118 and 560WQAM. Here's some good news for you. You're going to love this. Corrupt TV reporter Diane Diamond. She's like one step away from your favorite to one while I can't take over name any more than anything. Great. Corrupt TV reporter Diane Diamond was let go last week, because there were continues to be Structored State Time Programming. I think the Jackson families behind it, in a note to members in an online Yahoo message board, devoted to her, Diamond said that Corrupt TV decided to cut a loose, just like Sammy Smith, cut a loose help. Me make it through that. You know, she's on that country music, time like, and commercial. Sammy Schmidt, cut a loose, even though our contract wasn't new to respond until December. Bye-bye, Diane Diamond. No, that's okay. She'll come down on a race. Corrupt TV told me last Wednesday they planned to dismantle my investigative unit and Friday was my last day there, Diamond wrote, in a statement, Corrupt TV yesterday, confirmed it, let Diamond go. Corrupt TV recently we branded Corrupt TV news and as part of that effort, it's restructuring its investigative unit, formerly headed by Ann Diamond. The network head of the Diamond have been a tremendous asset and was key to the network's successful coverage of the Michael Jackson trial. Diamond said she'd used her newfound freedom to work on her chronic little Jackson case. Be careful who you love, which had folks to her as the member 15, the title comes from the King of Pop's musical, this is our low-pattermoney, the 1983 hit Billy Jean. Oh, Billy Jean, when she acquaint you, he, her note also suggested that it will continue to make the occasional people lose appearance. Oh, like Nancy Grace, how many shows she got on every day? Not turned on. Patients. My friend, Nancy Grace says now, see that? My friend, Nancy Grace is now that I have some free time. She's best suited to join her on her CNN show from time to time. Like how many times a week? Not turned on. In July, court TV split itself into due to stick units, a daytime slate of court TV news and a prime time in week in block tag court TV, seriously entertaining. The division was affected in order to underscore the network transition toward presenting original unscripted fair and insured related movies at night while emphasizing its news and trial coverage in mornings and afternoon. For TV, I want some of the months in a great while there's something on there. You watched court TV? The wife loves court TV. Well, I think I'm right now. Let's take a look at your time. He is hard. You know what they have on? Nancy Grace, 24-7. Nancy Grace, all the time. She's on headline news. She's on Larry. Can't be where? He's on your top up. Toaster, she. In fact, I think you'll see her face. Her face in the bottom of your toilet. That way. I'm hearing. Which is a good place for it. So, go take a quick. I will talk by talking with that one. That will really be an amazing grace. At any rate, I've got to take a bunch of calls here. Okay? Because it's been out of touch for so long. I want to get back in touch with these people. You believe me? You, I am hello. See you, Tony. WQA, I am hello. Going once. Good morning. Good morning. WQA, I'm hello. Nice to see you. The free step plan for saving the United States. Okay, go tell somebody once they hear it, you're boring. 5-670-560-Pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular wireless line. The first step is to stop taking calls. I think, that was your st. My sanity. WQA, I am hello. Are you doing? Pretty good, man. Great. I got two for your phone. If you like great direction and horror movies, you have to see how some of the corpses and the sequel the devil's reject both were directed by Rob Zombie. Okay great direction Okay, you got a great direction. Is it any place outside of South Florida like no Or maybe just do east got those Josh. Oh God, okay Josh has got him and by the way he's moving you in tonight. So you won't see any stories on till about noon tomorrow Of course, I only wanted those really applied because the first one was in O three I see Well, just put the line on their plies and the good news is that the That gardener movie whatever it is. What is it? What's the name of that the constant gardener? It's already got a vote and study without you Let's hear it. I bet you're great if that's the case when you think let's do Huh? I mean when people have been in scene and they're already voting especially this crowd that this go to any movies I mean take a look at that didn't see any last year's 29 almost 9% of the audience didn't see any I mean please okay They had those dollar movie specials on a weekend. There's open go. Uh-huh. They got cable TV They got they yeah, that's right. They're plenty of 2,000 for movies that are on cable already now You got your friends house. You can always go over there. Right. Go watch movie there Do not watch the Morrison murders by the way. I wonder if that was about that restaurant chain Impossible. I thought it was about dim Morrison. Are they still in business? I'm sure hope not. I don't know No, they're not there's no more morons. Is there? Nope. No. Did you ever eat it morons? I think I did once I did Was practicing for what I'm doing now. That is old age Tall brown in the guardian right speaking of global warming which those are the two words that ought to be going through your mind right now If you're wondering why all these tsunamis in these men This is only the what the third hurricane and this may the US a category five To hit land make landfall Follow it was category four. I guess when I finally did but nevertheless all the stuff that's going on these the flooding in Europe right now All these tremendous climactic changes Just stop and think about it for a second and go Like that. Oh, yeah, that person's doing a great job And thank you for those low gas prices again Mr. President what a bargoon man Gonna go up how many cents in South Florida? 30 cents which means you're looking at three bucks a gallon plus just for regular I go out and give me a horse if I were you get a bicycle okay, and what are those? What are they call those things that you scoot around on scooter? No, not a scooter. They We mentioned the same way Yeah, what a great segue How far one of those man there just man it's gonna revolutionize the way we live The way we live Of course the brace no work to get on those babies, but never less nothing's perfect Paul Brown not to form a coach of the I'm founder of the Cleveland Browns and in the Cincinnati Bengals I didn't know he's saying Paul Brown. He was in the bangles in the Guardian rights some of America's leading scientists The accused Republican politicians of intimidating climate change experts five places in them under unprecedented scrutiny Intimulating climate change experts are you following this? Yeah, we're talking fascism with a capital F as an F you They have this a far reaching inquiry to the careers of three U.S. is the most senior climate specialist has been launched by Joe Barton Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Energy and Commerce He's demanded details of all their sources of funding methods and everything they've ever published Mr. Barton a text and closely associated with a fossil fuel lobby in other words the oil industry As spent his 11 years of chairman opposing every single piece of legislation designed to combat climate change He's using the wide powers of his committee to force the scientists to produce great quantities of material after alleging flaws and life With transparency in their search he's working with Edward the only chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations The scientific work they're investigating was important in establishing that man-made carbon emissions were at least partly Responsible for global warming and formed partly 2001 report of the intergovernmental panel on climate change Which convinced most world leaders George Bush a notable exception that Urge and I should was needed a curb greenhouse gases That demands and let her center the scientists have been compared by some U.S. media commentators to the anti-communist witch hunts Resoup by Joe McCarthy in the early 50s the three U.S. climate scientists Michael man Director of the Earth Science System Center Red Pennsylvania State Penn State Raymond Bradley Director of the Climate System Research Center at University of Massachusetts and Malcolm Hughes former director of the lab of tree-ring research at University of Arizona have been told to send large volumes of material Alletter demanding information on the three in their work is also gone to ardent Vement director of the U.S. National Science Foundation Mr. Burton's inquiry was launched after an article in the Wall Street Journal quoted in the Economist and statistician Need to read them from a climate science background saying there were methala methodological flaws in data areas in the three scientists calculations It accused the trio refusing to make their original material available to be cross checked Mr. Burton then asked for everything the scientists had ever published in all baseline data He said the information was necessary because Congress was going to make policy decisions drawing on their work and his committee needed to check its validity Their follow-day demand for details of everything they had done since their careers began Funding received and procedures for data disclosure the inquiry of science sent shock waves to the U.S. scientific establishment Already under pressure from the Bush administration which links funding to policy objectives 18 of the country's most influential scientists from Princeton and Harvard are written to Mr. Burton and Mr. Woodfield expressing Deep concern their letter says much of the information requested is unrelated to climate science It says we question to provide all working materials related to hundreds of publications stretching back decades Can be seen as intimidation intentional or not and thereby risk compromising the independence of scientific opinion that is vitally preeminent of American science as Well as the flow of objective science to the government Allen Lesner Protested on behalf of the American Association for the Advancement of Science expressing deep concern about the Inquire which appeared to be a search for a basis to discredit the particular scientists rather than a search for understanding See your old smear campaign And that's the whole deal with this bunch man Schmer the queer political reaction has been stronger Henry Waxman senior California Democrat real complaining This was a dubious inquiry which many of you did is a transfer and effort to bully and harass climate change experts Or which conclusions with which you disagree but the strongest language came from another Republican sure what borrowed Chairman of the House Science Committee who wrote to her stresses enormous Strainuous objections to what he sees as the miscited illegitimate investigation He said it was pernicious to substitute political review for scientific peer review and the precedent was truly chilling He said the inquiry seeks to erase the line between science and politics and should be reconsidered a spokeswoman from mr. Burton said he yesterday That all required to a written evidence had been collected the committee will review everything we have and decide best how to proceed Notice since been made yet whether to have public hearings to investigate You believe the scientists findings, but that could be the next step for this autumn She said I know what are she knows of penny nands Maybe she's had penny nands deep in her pants Hello and welcome to a color of fair It's a president thanks for calling in my own vacation Where you know and Florida went by world brother jab George it's this rate You're gonna set a record provocation time for any president ever I agree with you. I think what you're done is really important Right, but we're wint here and which you have a very bad thanks for taking my phone call a George who more questions now get back to work How about we go Been Re Loop And in our taking a lady and I don't know why Play a word and want to die But no need to hear There's no good for you With President of the fucking community I'm so happy And what I can do I'm so small And get to we go, voted for And you want this Don't go, don't go It's romance You be Who? Don't go, boy And this girl You bitch get Don't go, please even No more than me Please, President don't You don't care what it's all You got to be And by the court, call me Christian All I told you about is You and I, and by the court You have got to pray for me You don't care With President of the fucking community I'm dying to have the hands in the fucking town I'm going to do a fucking thing Don't forget You've got to vote You can't vote You can't vote You can't vote You can't vote You can't vote You can't vote You can't vote You can't vote You can't vote Any case you choose If they get sent in Whatever They are located. They are located at I nevernd it In theseORT First up The ruling Beginning Station 29 And I've been there a couple of days like covered up with some stuff around it and I snelt it and it seemed okay and then I delt it and ate it and fried it and it was pretty good. Did you felt it? I felt it too and spelt it. Wow. After only hours without power experts recommend you toss meats, seafood and dairy products, toss it. So we have a refrigerator often those in the freezer as well. After her pain can train the some stuff for it and it's been days without electricity like George was four days without it. F.B. And that's not passing you idiots and I know that most of what's on hand has to go. But what about other items like the flour mustard and eggs used to? Is there any two that the F.B. Now people they fix the, we store the power in their own neighborhoods wherever they work. That's what some would say. Someone says some on the ledges that you know when you work for the company if you know their guys that you know have their power out and they have it to work for the company. They have the power in their neighborhood. Maybe it's just a coincidence that it gets restored real quick. Yeah. Magic. Maybe they know where to stick it. Flower mustard eggs that you're still in refrigerator. Brenda Marty him men is, M.A.R.T. Y. Dash. Brenda Marty him men is. What a great name. Family and consumer science agents for the Broward County Extension Agency at the University of Florida. And the amazing that they're all these agencies and all these different groups and these organizations is just, I don't know. She says when and doubts, throw it out. Don't rely on a person older she says, oh, oh. After all, if you evacuated your home and returned after the electrical services restored, you may have returned away refrigerator and freezer that are purring and food that's nicely children, frozen salad but that doesn't mean that it's safe. Oh my God. If you live in data Broward where the power went out, chances are the food and your refrigerator were in above 40 degrees for more than two hours in addition, the food in your freezer reached above 40 degrees and much of it is unsafe to eat. One way to tell is if the ice cubes in your freezer become a solid block which indicates that they melt and refroes, the same thing happened to your food. You need to evaluate whether to keep her throw out items on a case-by-case basis. Him in his says, and she says, don't call me Jose, him in his either. I'll give you a bitch slap to help you. The USDA Food Safety Inspections Service Emergency Division at F.S. I.S. That's ridiculous. I can't read this whole thing. We've website last time. About 8,000 words on it. Do a search. Here you'll find a chart of food. I didn't send a sunset in any way. Go out in the steel one. Here you'll find a chart of food. That was whether or not there's safe, if held over a certain temperature, or doesn't be in period of time. They also have answer off the ask food safety questions. For example, low fat cheese and eggs held about 40 degrees per hour should be discarded, but mustard is safe. Don't touch the mouth to it. And opens your own mayonnaise held about, oh, don't put no mayonnaise on your corn leaf sandwich minutes for glam. And opens your own mayonnaise about 50 degrees for eight hours should be discarded, but fresh mushrooms are safe to keep. See, there you go. Stay to keep. My shrimps are glad I'm not going to die yet. As our tortillas and peanut butter, what kind of people in this audience have got tortillas in the fridge, right? I wouldn't know. Frozen waffles that it is frost that can be reforzoned as can flour, commercial, or corn meal, and nuts. Oh yeah, you're not freezing the frost many, many times during the course of the lifetime. Also, if canned goods are exposed to floodwaters, even if they look well sealed, they need to be discarded. Can goods and floodwaters, bad mix. All right. To get ready for the next hurricane, he managed to exist taking a plastic bottle of water. You may need to cut the thin neck off, but cut the neck off and freeze it. Place a penny at top of the ice. Then if you return home, I have the next storm and it pennies at the bottom of the bottle, even if the water is frozen, you know what melted. And you'll know the same thing happen to your food, even if it's frozen when you get home. Next Clever? That's very clever. In fact, George is going to send everybody in the audience who's listening right now. Penny, a special collective citizen, Penny, not fortnight of the day's stick in their bottle. Huh? For they can just stick in their dome, right? It's kind of like my favorite one. We used to do on IOD. Now, she was great investing, but every time she stood up those pennies, they'll fall them out. Hey, Meg, you idiot. I've got to play that thing. Please. Huh? Meg, now, which one is it Randy calls Meg? No, Meg on money. No, I don't have that. I do have this though, huh? Randy, I don't hate doing all congratulations. I'm glad he had him, Meg. You want to know something? Truthfully, I'm happy for you. Why are you happy for me? Because I am going to my boat. We're going out for crews. I'm having for the 4.5 years, my first weekend's off. I'm promoting my video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I figured it was some kind of promotion thing. No, no, no, no. I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station on us to God. I do. Really? Trust me. I'm not lying. I call to congratulate you. Well, Meg, I just, can I ask you one last question there? Why on your last show? Did you say I didn't have a chance to tell her, uh, doing anything over here? It's up in the library. I made a mistake. I made a bad call. I'm here. I'm listening to you. And I think you're fun. And I think it's perfectly okay to have relax and have fun on a weekend. Honest to God. I needed to. Yeah. How about that? And I'm enjoying listening to you. And it's no full. Now, have a good day. See ya. Don't believe a word of it, man. Sit here and trash me for a whole afternoon. A whole afternoon. Sit here and set it in. Have a chance and hell. I had no talent. What the hell was I doing here? Boy, Gary made a big mistake. Now, she wants to promote something at our tailgate party. So she's going to kiss a little butt. This is the real racer. I think that's B gige. To switch off everything. More wirklichibola techniques on each other. Digital machine fail, 10. 10. What am I gonna do though give me a minute cover a wall l Brump 45 at 56, W Qm on the Mohawk concern a warm-up show, we'll be along with two. Can't wait. No, no, no, no, no. If back if you like some extra time, what's the next movie of 2004, 2005, is our poll question there? Are we getting a response and answer what? No, wow. Our goal for votes today is 400. We got three, 70. Think we can do it by two o'clock. Oh yeah. Best movie of 2004, you shut up. You give busy packing. It's the moving man. I love it. It's the same complex. That's not really moving. Okay, why didn't you even mention that, except as an excuse for not getting those stories up till 230, I'm something? Because I don't have any internet and new place to Monday. I just have no likes. Nobody's looked. Do you think people are busy reading the stories over a hurricane weekend? No. Of course not. In fact, you could look on there on the stats thing. You see that very, very few, you know, a few of people have still had power. A few people whose lives weren't disrupted, you know? Maybe, uh, but, uh, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, I don't have to like worry about that. What do you got important personal stuff to take care of? I mean, back in the day, when we had those naked pictures on there, and our website was like, I'm making a traction. And everybody was like, oh, hey, we got to get, you know, first thing in a morning got to get on there and see what hot, hot naked bitch we got on there today. Well, that's a different story. Then we had some people pay attention to the arches.com. But now it's like, wow, yeah, it's first intellectuals. Right. There are no intellectuals. Remember, my, like I said, half of the country is done more than sawdust. Best movie of 2004, 2005, Fahrenheit 9, 11, 92, and after seeing that, will be the fact that Bush could still steal another relation. That's you tell you how stupid people are. Because the people that needed to see that aren't the ones that seen it. You know, it was great. But it was like, preaching the choir. I saw it up here, man. And the people, the Canadians, and the audience, they're watching them. They were cursing Bush. I mean, they're like, out loud. They were like, ah, you bastard. You lying piece of crap. You, uh, you're fair. Yeah. Fair 9, 992. They all sucked 42. Didn't see any. Not third man. Come on. It's like 8% plus of this audience didn't see any movies from 2004 or five. Don't you, aren't you sad when you see that? Pretty sheltered. I don't, maybe they don't like movies. I mean, you know, last he come home was fine in his day and the gun with a win was okay. And, uh, Wizard of Oz. But, uh, get with it a little bit. Start kicking it new style. Or even like more recent style, you know, like post 40s. Wedding crashes and Georgia says there's no good movies in the 40s anyway. Or still looking. Okay. Well, fine one. Oh, yeah. Joseph cotton and the third man. You like Joseph cotton. Okay. Wedding crashes 26, the incredible 22. He's going to be a kill. Bill Biden, 220. Star Wars 318. Ray 16. Ray Charles. Joe Joe. Ray Charles was great. Batman begins with L.O.R. He used to get a little nervous watching him. You know what I'm saying? Why that? I don't know. And like Steve, you wonder. I, I, I, I, I, I'm nervous watching blind people. That's funny. Why is it that you're afraid they're going to run into you. But, but, but, but I'm talking about watching them perform. It's just like Steve, you wonder. He's always like swinging his head around. He's going to hit the floor. Star Wars 318. Ray 16. Batman begins 15. Uh, Josh said it was great. I said it was good. Oh. Well, 15 people agree with you. Spider-Man 214. The passion of the Christ 13. Since 2010, Cinderella Man 8. Oh yeah, those Jesus Christ is man. They're going to get us sooner or later. Hit 7. Fifty first date 6. Troy had five. Nice going Troy. Born supremacy. Five. Hey, Matt Damon. Two fairy. War the world's three. Tom Cruise. You fairy. Chocolate factory. Two broken flowers. Two robots. One. King not to be confused with right. Right. King to move heaven. Nobody knows. One of the constant gardeners coming out tomorrow. I got one. Hold on. Ready. Must be sensational. Downfall. One. Find Helsing. Come here. One. Panama. What was his name? The played. I actually told you that couple. We see. I remember his name. The played professor. On Helsing. And he original. Yeah, we forgot. I was one day after tomorrow. One collateral. One hell boy. One and none yet. Zero. The big boy. Rock solid. The Devil rejects Mister Mrs. Smith. Matt a gasker. Stealth. Unleased. Look at me. Head on in my summer love. Children's Liberty. Bro. Here's a fact. Said says. Oh no. Can this be true? I. I don't know. I'm trying to find out if it's true. That would be Wayne Arles. That we're trying to confirm it. Yeah. Call over there. I don't want to get into an ethical racial thing, but you notice the, see, I got noticed for people who loot in times of emergency industries, those people need to be cut on site. How questions asked? I'm gonna shoot. Yeah, that's, I like that. If you look for them to shoot, any name for the hate, can't stand that. Call it off for fridurewators and TV sets and all kinds of crap. Remember that earthquake they had in Japan that was brutal and terrible. Yes, how many incidents of looting do you think they had? Oh, exactly. That's because they're civilized and how many incidents of price-couging were reported. Oh, exactly. And I've talked about those gas prices, are you? Well, the good news is now that they can't, not so good news, but anyway, a little bit better than it's been. They can't raise the price on gas like right now. Of course, if they really is a mood point because if they don't have any, your neighborhood gas station wherever you're going, it makes no difference. Because as soon as the new shipments come in, they're gonna raise them about 30 minutes. 10. So for like 279, before it's gonna be like 3, 10. Now, thank you, Mr. President, for those bargain basement gas prices and are ongoing dependence on gas, on oil. Thanks to you and your raghead friends over there in Saudi Arabia. And you're not so good friends in Venezuela and elsewhere. Anyways, his real castle on northwest of 7th, 725, that's Wayne Arles is burning man. No more TV burgers and judges. Feverishly, I'm sure our crack news department is gonna be on top of that. How do you think? Yeah, crack news. Yeah, they're all about the crack. For crackheads. Yeah, we got a head for news, maybe a QAM, or I think more basically we just spend a lot of time at the head. Oh, I like this article. Do I have time to read it? Yeah. A lot of reading today, a lot of articles, the old man's reading the newspaper's on here. That's good. I'll keep you company while you're trying to like, put your life back together after this hurricane. And I'm gonna say it again. You weather prognosticators and you forecast is an including, Max, I got much of my mouth made field there at the National Hurricane Center who you can't understand, have anybody saying, hmm, like everybody raised about him, where's a Neil Frank, what we need him, or somebody who we can understand what the hell they're saying? I don't know. Am I the only one who's perceived that? And he sounds like he's got a mushroom in the mouth? God, he is lame. And even they were given us this solid answer about week category one, and but it would be put above, but all the sudden, baloney. Yeah, crack is what you gave up. Absolutely, crack. And broke up my ass and top it over for a lot of day on my ass, Hollywood's a North Miami Beach. That's where that I was. George is sitting there trying to put his life back together, hoping he'll power come back on. He looks out to window and sees the, oh, the hurricane right over the house. Yeah. Wow. And George lives in Hollywood. Was I didn't know you were old enough yet to live in Hollywood, but nevertheless. Oh yeah, he's working on it. Well, his hair is turning the gray and he's just sporting a beard now as what does it? Great beard. He's a nice old man. Pretty soon you're going to look like, you know who I saw in biography this weekend, and he was really a great guy and I never realized it was Edward G. Robinson. He was a good guy. Great guy. But the only problem was he was Jewish and so when I let the, which hunts and Hollywood happened, that's why he didn't get any work for several years. Edward, do you Robinson? Edward, you Robinson. Oh, yeah. But nevertheless, I just mentioned that in passing. And then later toward the ass end of his life, he started getting a whole lot of work again. Good guy. Any, any, any, not that any. Not exercising a Christian Kutatah, a group of believers, while I was established, scriptures based government, one city, and county of the time. This is kind of like a sequel to a story. I had a couple of weeks ago, remember that? Uh-huh. Jenny, Javi, Naila, Tom's rights. Greenville, South Carolina. Christian Mark, it began as many trips to with the stop at Walmart to buy affordable DVD player. But Mario D. Martinez was planning more than a weekend getaway. He and his wife and three children were embarking on a pilgrimage to South Carolina. I want to migrate and claim the gold of the Lord, so the 38-year-old oil company executive from Pennsylvania. I want to replace this to replicate the statues and more and the more raised in scriptures that the one god of the Old Testament is sponsored of the world. So I'm proud of we just too fast and I'm buttering it. So he's low down and got no spots a lot of time. But just relax. D. Martinez, who drove here recently, to look for a new home as a member of Christian Exodus, a movement of politically-exited believers who hoped to establish a government based upon Christian principles. Oh, and a timely evangelicals are exerting influence on the national political stage, having helped secure President Bush's reelection. Christian Exodus believes that people afraid to fail to assert their moral agenda. A portion of his legal school prayer is banned. There are limits on public displays of the 10 commandments. Gage and Lesbine's can marry Massachusetts. Christian Exodus activists plan to take control of the sheriff's office. As city councils and school boards eventually in a sustainable control South Carolina. But you know what they can have it? Yeah. They will pass godly legislation defying Supreme Court rulings on the separation church in state. See, I'm not alarmed by this. I think that all the Jesus Christ is all these professional religion, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No matter what strike they wrote, they all are like take some useless place like North Carolina that a coders or somebody, a South Carolina, sorry. South Carolina and go there. We're going to force a constitutional crisis at Corey Bernal, 29 and investment advisor who founded the group in November 2003. If necessary, he said, well, succeed from the union. Well, good. Well, thank you, St. Selamis, Sam, which would manise on, right? Let's build a wall of our business. Well, I think that's a good way. Bernal has not moved the South Carolina himself. He promises life they would stay in Valley Springs, California till the end of next year. But believe that his 950 supporters were rallying the cause. Five families have moved so far. Wow. What a movement. Can you smell it? Bernal said his inspiration came from the free state project, which in October 2003 appealed a libertarian, stwoved in the Hampshire for limited government intervention over taxes, greater individual rights. By 2006 organizers had hoped that 20,000 people committed to relocating to New Hampshire. So far, 6600 have said they intended to make the move, but you know how many have done so 100? What an movement. Man. What are grassroots movement? Christian Exodus for now for the will be more successful. There are more Christians than libertarian CSA. Is that a shame? After scrutinizing electoral records and graphic trends in property prices, Christian Exodus members identify two upstate South Carolina counties. They hope they will not officially say which ones as prime for a conservative takeover by September of next year, Bernal hopes that two thousand activists in one county and five hundred and the other. Frank and Tammy Tynoski have said, Linda, a five-bedroom house with white vinyl sliding and new subdivision in rural Spartanburg County. This is where God wants us to be, he said. Oh, I think he got mistaken. I think he wants to, I think God said, hub them in dread. You know where that is? The whole where. Tell him that. Tynoski 38, a self-employed computer engineer had been contemplating moving from his deadline oriented lifestyle and Bethlehem, all Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. What's wrong with that? How could you be more religious than being in a holy town of Bethlehem to a more conservative region with cheaper housing and lower taxes when a church friend had them a Christian Exodus flyer? What attracted me to the movement was the idea of calling back the country to a righteous standard he said. Hallelujah! Put your hands on the Bible and get your other hand off my crotch. His first six months in South Carolina had been idyllic to Noski said not only do his neighbors wave as they pass by but they also share most of his conservative Christian beliefs. I've actually even had flags they put on in front of their houses saying stupid things like he is risen or maybe their cake has risen. If you're going to see this is the place to do what he said. Love locals have that spirit. Although Christian Exodus members are confident they can capitalize on evangelical disillusionment with the Republican Party, local observers are skeptical. James Gooth, a professor at Furman and Greenville studies the influence of religion on politics, doesn't think that Christian Exodus will be successful beyond a county level. South Carolina has a state that's dominated by Republicans he said. Although there are people on the far right edge of the Republican Party in general the population is a big fan of Bush. It's Bush country. Nusseld and the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains upstate South Carolina is the most conservative region of a conservative state. Bush 158% of the South Carolina vote last time and Greenville is home to Bob Jones University a far-bissel and fundamentalist Christian college in and so recently had banned intellectual dating and hates the Catholics like Poison. Cleanest Blackman, all I can't stand guys name cleavis. Remember cleavis forth, or basement the Yankees? No, you don't. The cleavis Blackman treasure and director of missions that they grew back to the association which oversees 39 Baptist churches in Alaska East town. That's the Christian Exodus focus on taking over the government bodies will appeal to the majority of the reasons Christians. You don't find the word control in the Scriptures. He said the basic mission of the churches to proclaim God's redeeming love through the example of Jesus Christ. In other words, kill all your enemies. This is the real life. This is five 16th of the Holy Spirit. This is Mark Morgan is the 12th of one hour on Q8. This is the first time I've ever seen a man who has been in the church. He's a man who has been in the church. He's a man who has been in the church. He's a man who has been in the church. He's a man who has been in the church. He's a man who has been in the church. He's a man who has been in the church. He's a man who has been in the church. He's rather than a Christian man. How might I do? If we fight again and pray, and pray, and pray, and pray, and pray, and pray. If I come right up for all the Holy Spirit, and pray, and pray, and pray, and pray. If I stand up now, and stand up, and pray, and pray, and pray. If I stand up now, and pray, and pray, and pray. One more time, tomorrow. Q5, 360, WQM, happy Tuesday, August the 30th. I'm not coming, man. His whole summer game is almost over already. That's bad. No, it's good. It went by like a... It's like a... It's like a... It's like a... It went by like a... Both of lightning. Speaking of looters and other slime balls, who ought to be shot, West Park. Do you know where West Park is? Oh, that's where you live. There's two of them. I never heard of West Park. All the years have lived eight million years in South Florida. Never heard of West Park till this moment. New York, how on the ill beach? On our way, Whitman. It says, the hurricane continued, was making its landfall. Nearby, how on the ill beach last Thursday, Alos were breaking into a locked pawn shop. The BS... Oh, said. Today. Once inside the group gathered and said with more than $30,000... I was working to make them. I was including 28 firearms. How do you like that? The tiff has said the break and occurred between 9 p.m. Thursday and 6 a.m. Friday at the A&B pawn. 2103, South State Road 7. Well, how on usual pawn shop on State Road 7? The Berger's severed the power lines leading into the shop to silence the alarms. How are our phones service at the building? Then, in a true, a north side door said, B.S.O. Spokeswoman Liz Calzadia Fialo, Fiao. Whatever in our name is. Yeah, yeah. The gangrad 20, we've all been out. Who did the hanks say this is the show? The broad from Leslie Viser. Hey, Leslie. What's up, sweetheart? I'm trying to think of our likely, Leslie Viser when her work probably not. I'm not really big on the sideline. There was some bros. I saw about 10 seconds of that game last night. They were interviewing... Who the hell were they interviewing? Are they running back from the Cardinals? Come on, Josh. Number 28. You know what? I'm stuck on that. Oh my god! Do I say the Cardinals, the Rams? The same Louis Rams. Oh, Marksville Falk. Marshall Falk. Oh, I'm excuse me. Who I did up last night? Huh? Anyway, they were interviewing him. And the broad on the sidelines here. You're going to have broads on the sidelines. At least make them hot. Make them attractive. Make them worth looking at. Because their bubbleheads anyway. They wouldn't know what football if you shoved one up their ass. But this broad on him, and she was nasty looking. Who is that? Do you have any of you who that is? But she have short hair. How to hold the wine. Oh, she's got short hair. I didn't look there. If I said the name would you would it ring a bell? No. Okay. Well, he was tried anyway. Susie Colbert. Oh, that might be it. You don't like the wine? What? What? What's? We're trying to know who it was, but she was ugly man. She was nasty. Look, not as ugly as our president. The federal state and local government. Yeah, we know. Look at that. What is he? Where is he standing? Well, what is all that? What is that? Like a picture of a water behind him? Well, what is that? He's like a little bit of a puddle. Huh? That's a third of a. Another battleship for quite a lot. What one is this on there? We still think we won. Anyway, the grand-degang, we have 20 revolvers. Some of the automatic handguns, shotguns. Some of the automatic rifles. And additionally took computers, laptops. Order yourself a new computer over there. All right, free. TV, stereo system, video games, movie DVDs, and a large amount of pond lawn equipment. Oh, maybe they can open up another lawn services. Yeah. The tech that's believed a box-tad mid-sized truck may have been used to hollow by the stolen goods. The shop owners discovered a burglarly to following morning. Anyone would information about the identities of these suspects and where they were about. Should contact Broward Crime Stoppers. And anonymously, of course, if you've had your life at 9.5.4.4.9.3 tips. Okay. I'd like that. I'd like that. Exploding. Everybody else is suffering in misery. I'm going to say it again. People are new stuff like this. And the looters. All of this stuff. Load our crap away, man. Do the human race of tremendous service. When it's out, I've Pat Robertson would say, Take him out. Or speak in a him. Matthew Robinson, not to be confused with Pat Robertson, says. Then his wife of the seek legal action against Robertson. Oh, right. Maybe they just ought to take him out. To lunch? Yeah, to dinner. Maybe they can take him out with, what's his name with the canoes? He like Wallach. Oh, yeah. Then his wife and prison, Hugo Chavez, said something. His government would take legal action against Pat Robertson. But he would say, Robert's in potentially seek his execution after the US Evangelist called for Washington to assassinate the South American leader. Robert's in a way to a pot. I'm sorry. I could just see that. Yeah. Robert's in a way to a, just like a highman Rothman. Just like my or landscape. He port his ass. Israel. Yeah, Israel will take him. One thing about the Israelis, man. Anybody who'll kiss their ass. Anybody who sucks up to them. Oh, come on in. You know, very sad. Robert's in a way later half-heartedly apologized for the Mark city was expressing his frustration, which Chavez's constant accusation against the administration of President George W. Bush. I announced that my government is going to take legal action in the US to call for the assassination of a head of state as an act of terrorism. Chavez said, a ton of us speech and he happens to be. Absolutely correct. He fired left wing critic of Bush's foreign policy who frequently charges the US government is plotting to kill him called Robertson crazy and a public minister. And once again, he is. Absolutely correct. He said, Venezuela could seek Robertson's extradition under international treaties and take its claim to the UN if the Bush administration didn't act. Robertson, father, they Christian coalition leader of the Christian right that's back Bush said, I'm Monday that if Chavez thinks we're trying to assassinate him, I think we really ought to go ahead and do it. Defense Secretary Ramesfeld, hereby I'm hearing said political assassination was against the law and not the US policy. All the were famous for having done it many times over the years. Relations between Chavez and the US top buyer of the OPEC nation's oil have deteriorated since Chavez survived a brief 2002 coup. He says was backed by US authorities, sounds like Salvador, are you and they all over again? Washington says it's not plotting to kill Chavez and the Eisenvalment and the coup of course. Chavez said, I'm Friday, Bush would be to blame if anything happened to him. In the past he said, Venezuela, the world's fifth largest oil explorer, would cut sales to the US if he was assassinated. A close ally of Fidel Castro, Chavez presents himself or Femba Revolution is an alternative to US policies in the region. Washington says Chavez is a negative influence who uses oil profits to fund anti democratic groups in South America while becoming more thorough at terrain at home. Thank God we don't have authority in leadership in this country, A, in your country. Excuse me. US civil rights activist, why do you get to the dressy Jackson thing? Jesse Jackson, say every now and then Jesse says something I make sense to us. It's right, no less. Yeah. And he always says it in rhyme just in time because get rid of that slime. John Dean writes, number John Dean? Nope. Yeah, you come on a watergate thing. That's not done. All right. Sorry. So wrong with you. You know Jimmy Dean, yeah, I do. And there's a big it sandwiches. And I know that Dean. No. How's how are we doing by the way? No, democratic Democrats are scared, crap will say. I mean, they just a little bit too honest for the rest of democratic party for the quizlings, the weasels in the democratic party. John Dean writes, was Pat Robertson's call for assassination of a four-meter or crime question mark and he's got a whole bunch. I'm not going to read all of that stuff because it's very long and very boring about the legal stuff. Just a little bit, little tease and you can read the whole thing on our website. I'm sure. Right, Josh. Right. On Monday, August 22, the chairman of the Christian broadcast network Mary and Pat Robertson. I didn't know her name was Mary and proclaimed on his 700-club. Hey, Pat. Your fairies is seven hundred club television show that Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez should be murdered. Don't forget John Wayne's first name was Mary and two, huh? That's right. More specifically, Robertson said, you know, I don't know about this doctor and he's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He her sir. Every drop I've come to tell you give me a.'' History is limited. He got wet my body and said hi to you. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's be arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. The embankment report. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. His blood is damaged. He's been arrested, he's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. He's been arrested. I think all the trees I can buy Every now and then I get to wondering How does get splashes have risen so high All my calls Chipping it up, I have to get as high All my calls Why would the thoughty stone was the phone Not in the cashier in the bank I'm counting shades like a shone What good, don't follow the change Just find a tube, go to the farm If all companies were in the charm Yeah, fries are too slow, you get better But boys were holding a line Don't you remember what they did to us last time I don't know what to do We had to get to the farm We were not against it all the time We had to get to the farm Not getting it from our eyes One away, stop that ass What's the phone at time like a tree pillar And now I take a first-like a shone I don't know what to do I don't know what to do I don't know if all that's the phone I don't know if all that's the phone I'm tired of it Thank you Mr. President Thanks again, profusely for those low bargain basement gas prices We can fill up our tank now once every six months Here's a picture of Michael Jackson with a shmata head over there Mohamed bin suri sulaim I have glam in the United Arab Emirates in Dubai That's where he finally surfers now after a get-in-off from that trial So to speak He's believed to travel from Bahrain to Dubai in August 20 I don't think about those ragheads They never met a slime ball They didn't cozy up to if you noticed that One good slime ball It's like water, you know, it's a decent-so-level Like subtract all of those other cliches Happens to be Absolutely correct There's a picture of your commercial Jackson with a shmata raghead I'll speak to other people The Reverend Jesse Jackson offered support for President Hugo Chavez And they say that a conference assassination by Pad Robertson was a criminal act And that watching an end-binous way It should work out the differences To diplomacy Not by murder The US civil rights leader Condemned last week's suggestion by Pad Robertson That American agent should kill the leftist Venezuela leader Calling the conservative commentator statements Immoral and ill eagle Jackson urged US authorities to take action And said the US government must choose the diplomacy over any threats As sabotage Or isolation or assassination We must choose a civilized policy of rational conversation He said he told reporters at a news conference How do you rhyme that? Rational Aladamo But here's the part that I was getting to The FCC must prohibit such threats on the airway of said Jackson Who arrived Saturday for a vittis isn't caracas no less Who arrived in caracas Saturday for a visit along with members of his rainbow push Coliseum see their pushing it All right I hope the FCC does not remain silent regarding what Robertson said Jackson They're more concerned about Janet Jackson and Justin think about the net booby flap They're concerned about that They're concerned about a booby flap And I'll say in crap that's what they care about of the FCC and see And we got to take the rat okay Okay, but some guy goes on a year nationwide worldwide And it's called for the assassination of some human being And the FCC then they're too busy Okay, they're too busy and somebody say I stole on the air Did somebody say that but I mean but it would the Howard Stern You know they do something with boobies Oh, you know when you're going to grow up already okay Speaking of when is America going to grow up here It's just never ever stops Now better you than me so I can tell you yeah You want to live in a fascist country congratulations to you anybody else out there listening to me right now Who wants to live in a fascist country congratulations you would achieve your life long goal you're in it Woodstock New York Singer art garf uncle did you see this? No Art garf uncle looked pretty guilty last year to pop opposition upstate New York was charred again Sunday after a marijuana cigarette was allegedly found in the ash tray of his car safely said How you like that isn't trouble? There's Rob Marciano on CNN standing in the middle of Gulf by Mississippi somewhere in the middle of all those trees in debris and refuse It's unbelievable Take off your clothes Rob the 63 year old garf uncle lives in Manhattan with charge after being pulled over for failing to stop his vehicle at a stop sign They daily free man of Kingston reported today the daily free man was that Freeman Friedman Godston wasn't he one of like what was Freeman Godston and Charles Corro where did like amiss and Andy? I don't know ask book a Brian hello. I will upon approaching Garf uncle's car trooper noticed his strong odor of marijuana You can walk outside my door right here in Smela on the streets of Stronghold or marijuana nobody cares Cause you're not degenerate play that is correct. That is absolutely correct anybody It's gonna like 34 race traction is life and has got double the number of tracks over a race track these hammer like hangover You're pretty proud of myself. You know how he didn't want to give the number You notice that no, I didn't he was very reluctant given that number up No problem, Hank you know you're in the still in the big leagues. I'm like in the major major league if you can rapidly degenerate like this 34 race tracks But Hank says he's okay 18 he's like in the young kind of like the middle leagues like the American hockey league Anyway a product approaching Garf uncle's car trooper noticed his strong odor marijuana subsequent search turn up a joint in the ash rate How do you like that? Oh my god. He was injured in ticket is due back in Woodstock town courts of 10 or 22th in January Garf uncle was charged with marijuana possession after state police stopped his limousine for speeding in the Ulster County town of early Which is near Woodstock some 55 miles southwest of Albany during that stop police got a small amount of pot in Garf uncle's jacket The next monthly to gilly pay $200 in fines all we're fine Garf uncle would possibly meet up the legendary duo No kidding. Oh, yeah, we know the songs, you know who they are who the hell wrote this from a mp Yeah, so get it first few bosos you idiot you're fair Like we're all bunch of children. They're just like the way yeah, you know like the way the media talked to us on television They talked down to the public like we're all a bunch of babbling idiotic morons couldn't it do like split screen have half of the broadcast over those people and huh and the other part of the screen Over to the rest of us who can IQ larger than our thumbnail you bozos 26 past noon at five 60 W QA and we got the mole my still No, how are you? The best haircut you never seen Broge 5 coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story They're so redefining music in the 90s and they're leansinger off themselves So they're placing music history was definitely a short they were Nirvana Yeah, Kurt Cobain sure was a tragic figure Former Nirvana band made the food fighters Dave grow the drugs and the depression Dored the end you needed money really go bad tonight for the first time you'll see the long-supressed infomercial Made by desperate Kurt Cobain in his final days Hey, all your groom and G kid how would you like that Kurt Cobain boys like your very own answering machine? Well, now you can probably 1995 Kurt will record a custom outgoing message just for you just with it Slow this is Kurt Cobain Roger can't come to the phone right now because he's probably And I love Oh Kurt Why do I let you rip me apart like this God name Or maybe you prefer what like this This is Kurt Cobain Sandy can't take your call at the moment He's pulling her hair out trying to understand my lyric What is your problem Sandy and there's this Look Kurt Cobain here Jim is in here right now and he promised he's bringing my entire depression Hurry up Jim So he's Kurt Cobain on your answering machine call 1-800 never mind that's 1-800 never mind You'll be glad you did or not Nirvana I've heard about rockstar straighting crack for a list of sex behind a dumpster But an infomercial That's sick It's a big juicy something when look at show business tonight On inside of our mind Coffee 2-4-8-1-5-60WM these dolphins man and former dolphins and current dolphins and ancient dolphins They got to us and probably to see our Jarvis Williams? Nope, not you I did not Orange park floor to that cycle Orlando right? Yeah, I guess Where does orange park? And that's the clay county Orlando is orange county Maybe that's why I'm thinking Orlando is orange Maybe it's like yellow And anyway former dolphins safety Jarvis Williams was in stable condition yesterday After he was shot in the back early Sunday in my club parking lot Williams former dolphins play respect 8-8-93 with the dolphins And finnit that's the dolphins and finnises NFL career 94 with the New York Giants Was running to safety when he was hit in the back The Murray justineau the clay county sheriff's office spokesman He was not the intended victim to see no city pretty much He's got hit by a stray bullet Let's before it happened way man He might call it's flying everywhere The 40 year old Williams was taken to Shans Jacksonville Where they collapsed long after the bullet went through and was back Through his lung and lodged in a shorter justineau set James Pate had been fighting with two other men in the parking lot When he benders to weapon and shot Williams After initially fleeing the scene Patea turned I wonder if he's can't can't do Sydney partier spell the same way he's a frog Touring himself in later Sunday with charge with aggravated assault And was being held at Clay County jail Yes, sir And you like that poor Jarvis Williams wrong place Wrong time Often you know it just goes to show you being a member of the dolphins present or past You could actually wind up as a member of the WQM sales department Draw what could be what could be a favoristen that right And the pump out similar worst company I've ever seen in my life Between him and fat boy fat boy and Troy that's funny I just got the new and improved copy from that boy Oh, did you really? Hey nice going fan and not only that, but you're a witness to it He feeds that to me like while I'm on the years So I have no chance to like proofreaded take a look at it P on it doing the movie You know what I'm saying? He's directing like that's my job to start correcting the cramp that he A feeds over here you're an idiot fat boy Take your boyfriend with you, okay? Now, here's a facts from will which I knew I'd get around to Check out the IMD description for the 1990 movie The Handmaid's Tale See that? Yeah, I saw it, you did? Yeah, no good It was okay, it made some really good points, but you know as a movie it was a little mild Week Yeah, so this movie has the West splitting into a religious theocracy Sounds like the activity in South Carolina We're historically the West Civil War began it for some sort of Nice going well this movie came from a book I can eat in market Margaret Atwood a following a cool America's a country still a war with itself And ruled by a repressive Bible inspired regime all it sounds like right now She must have been psychic must have been a person just like a petty trashy We'll also says Robert D'Valice and it is a commander speaking of Donald Fubelli The can only guy in 1990 do thou should have been working on godfather three He and son allegedly contributed to the new EA godfather video game whatever that means you got it I don't have it. I'm aware of it. Well if it's a godfather video might be violent So John should go on get her right away No, it's violent video games shame on you Josh courtist. I want you have to keep moving every week That's right there after me. They found out about the video game police are knocking on his door three at a morning every night Now, I'll speak out of that this story is just incredible talk about stupid people Savannah George and not that there's stupid people in Savannah I understand and Joja right I don't care what anybody says Georgia is the dumbest bunch of mother embers that ever came down to pipe man Joja am I right the I'm not are you it? What I still have segregated senior proms You're still being in the distant past. Oh look at that nice go and fat boy. He still doesn't do it right Yeah, pick it, baby pick it. Oh, that's the beastly seam song. Let me just write this in here like that You still can't get it right fat boy. I'll just I'll pick you I'll take the bull by the way You're a quiz length. I think maybe all the fat is gotten above the neck level. It's gotten to his brain whenever it is left Anyway, Savannah George or Michael Lyons apparently had a funny practical joke plan for his daughter birthday in the end Nobody was laughing especially Lyons. I wonder how ed Lyons is doing it Bob Desbecker from settlers from The record story is to perform Rochester 100 years ago, huh? Think for still lying who? Lyons 45 was arrested midtown records in Rochester ever been to Rochester. Don't go though since they closed down down a Bob for get about it Lyons 45 was arrested after he told a 13 year old girl to hand a no to a bank teller police said the notes said Give me all your money. This is a stick up corner police report The incident happened Friday when Lyons in a group of girls were celebrating his daughter's birthday While he was getting money out of an ATM the girl went into the bank handed the notes to a teller the teller sounded the banks alarm And police and FBI surrounding the building surrounded the building instead of robbers They found Lyons in the girls having a large man Lyons with shares with criminal attempt to rob me by intimidations as event of gentlemen for volume police folks Men bucky burn said or is that burn seed or turn of seed you can't yell fire in a crowd of theater can't joke about a bomb You're lucky to your port and you can't write a note to a cashier that says this is a stick up. He said that was like a little prank on a You're a birthday. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah really cute 5 6705 60 pound five 60 and a Verizon singular wireless line We're looking for a good movie from last two years in damn it ain't easy to find one the best movie of 2004 2005. That's our pool today 450 9 votes our goal is 460 Can we do it? We can do it. Let me refresh it. That's our goal for the whole show for 460 nice gone folks Fair 9 and 1120 they all sucked 50 didn't see any 38 wedding crashes 29 the incredible 29 killville volume 223 you told me I wouldn't like that Star Wars 322 Ray 20 spider-man 218 batman again 16. I won't like that Passed up the Christ 16 since 2015 Cinderella man 10 the born supremacy is great I'm a piece of price is a lot of people love in those movies, you know, yeah My demon touch you think because he's so much so much when it was movies then A manly hero who does all these manly things then our flexes he does a lot of manly things behind closed doors Hit seven now what's that song by Charlie Rich behind closed doors nothing in the song I'll keep it up you got it. I don't see I'm obsessed out in that time life for those music CDs Then they keep showing those over and over and even the country one which I hate most country music some of it's pretty good though Here you go Charlie rich You son of a bitch Charlie rich I mean Get out of your throat seven for it nice white here though. Don't you like his hairstyle lovely 54 state six twice got five were the worlds four the broken flowers three collateral three chocolate factories got a pair fun Helsing to I knew his name see that's a bad sign for fun What's this first name Oh I love here it Edward Edward Oh, I don't tell me three words three word name Pen slung very Unslung yes, and we're on slung How can you forget him he was so damn good on hosting come here the publisher two day after tomorrow two I robot to the level rejects one robots one mystery. Mrs Smith is got one said about will Smith no Good Matt a gasket one kingdom. I haven't won nobody knows one constant gardener is not tomorrow It's already got one downfall one fan of the offer one hell of boy one and none yet a hell boy It needs to be the board up before Josh still for non-leased non-look at me none other friend of George head on none in my summer low out of four 64 464 votes and a pull our goal is four 65 This is Neil Rogers This is five My So I'm just feeling it's really dead ticket's aren't being sold Nobody's going to the movies today. They're watching TV He's at home The movie my most known understanding Their films used to be as good as gold Movie sucks Why The Star Machine, A.N. What it's been, they remake old TV shows, and the actors made me want to her, it's a wonder anybody knows, and besides I can't afford it, the ticket's gone says it was my chance, though. And movie suck, this season's popcorn isn't being eaten, what prison is there to go? They also, I don't like movies, they also don't like movies, they also don't like movies, it's not like movies, it's not like movies, I hope they close. The theaters down. Let's be at a Tom Cruise in Ben Affleck, now let me ask you this. I got that note that I'm confusing it, it's a mad Damon in Ben Affleck. I mean, all three of them, what about them? I'm just wondering which one is the bottom, and now that we got all three of them lumped in, they're going to be like a nice Hollywood sandwich. US AFTERN and Strive Hertz AIDS Fights as you an official enjoy HANIS Bruce South Africa. The US government's emphasis on AFTERN is only programs to prevent AIDS's hobbling, Africa's battle against the pandemic by downplaying the role of condoms. All to Pope I bet his PO about this, then Nazi Pope I don't know the woman to evil, look on his face, the mask of evil. Steven Lewis, the UN Secretary General Special Envoy for HIV AIDS in Africa, said, Fundamentalist Christian ideology was driving Washington's AIDS assistance program known as PEPFAR, with disastrous results, including condoms shortages in Uganda. The Bush administration favors prevention programs that focus on abstinence rather than condoms use, and is more than double funding for US AFTERN's only programs over the past five years. As part of George W. Bush's global AIDS plan, the US government's already budgeted about eight million this year for abstinence only projects in Uganda human rights groups be saying, Activists in both of you and the US and the countries now in the group of condoms shortage so severe, then men are using plastic garbage bags and effort to protect themselves. Or you can relate to that, so ran wrap. There's no question in my mind, Duff is a font of AdiSin. There is no question in my mind that the condom crisis in Uganda has been driven and exacerbated by PEPFAR and by the extreme policies that the administration is in the US is now pursuing, and the emphasis on abstinence Lewis told her in listening to her conference, that the sturtion of the preventive apparatus is resolving in great damage, and undoubtedly will cause significant numbers of infections which should never have occurred. Many health experts say condoms are the most effective ballwork against AIDS. The official of the US Global AIDS Coordinator, which administered PEPFAR, did not immediately return calls seeking common. I can't imagine why Uganda had been praised for cutting HIV infections the rate from about 6% today from 30% to the early 90s, a worse success story, and Africa's battle against the disease, but the president of Uganda is government is coming under criticism for sidelines in its condom policy, and moved an activist tie, and the pressure from Washington towards PEPFAR program, and from the folks, and all these other crazy flatt-rath lunatics, the religion is the God squad. High none of the bed, maybe not because of the hurricane, but because the God squad is out there, and they're taking over the whole freaking world, they're crazy that a bed bug, they're dangerous. I'm not used to read about the Crusades in the acquisition, like it was like ancient history, and I was somehow in the past. Yes, again, surprise, look out there. Yeah, my, my, my look out now. What do we got on that pool? I'm trying to stimulate a little bit of a response here today, get these people to 485. We got a shot of 500 day drag before you moved the next time, we might give to 500 votes. No, like by 130. Army contractive fish, I could take some more calls here, but you know something I don't feel like it. Because when we got this week and next week for these two weeks, you know, and I just feel like I got to do my duty, man. That's right, to the pile. Got to do a big pile, I do have a big pile. Look at his geek's get teeth fixed to Japanese flicked, but that's for later on. Army contract official critical, now that's geek's not gooks, don't start with that goofster. Okay, away, that'd be. Army contract official critical of Halbert and Pek is de-moted. You see, this is what's going on in the USA? Oh, look at that gas future, soar. The home this winter, it could be dramatic. One analyst for this pump prices will jump for the 10 cents this week alone. To a national nationwide average of two, 75 of a gallon, and don't bet on the normal drop in prices, following Labor Day, certainly to be delayed this year. How long the higher prices last, the panel on house seriously pipelines and refineries. Yeah, right. Like we're going to get an honest estimate of over. This is just the rape of the public, baby. The rape you're being raped, okay, and supposed to smile about it. You're getting a real host job, man. What a big kid who's taking your gas tank. So host job. Oh, that's the abond bitch from CNBC. She got stolen away that the cat. They hate her like poison. They're on Wall Street. So I said, as Ted, they would about that bit sometime. It was she with Croco, wicked death. And anyway, a top Army contracting official who criticized a large non-competitive contract with a Halbert and company for working in Iraq was de-moted Saturday for what the army called, for a job performance. The official, Boon on teen, eight, green house. What kind of a name is that? It is worth maybe they call him bunny for short. Her, I say. It has worked in military procurement for 20 years. And for the past several years, she had been the chief overseer of contracts at the Army Corps of Engineers. The agency that has managed much of the reconstruction work in Iraq. The demotion removes her from the elite scene of executive service and re-assigned her to a lesser job in the Corps Civil War division. Ms. Greenhouse's lawyer Michael Cohen called the action, and obviously, we've prized all for the strong objections he raised in 2003 to a series of court decisions involving the Halbert and subsidiary Kellogg Brown and Ruth, which has guarded more than $10 billion work in Iraq. We don't understand why we went into Iraq. Well, there is a good part of the answer right there for you. Oil and what was I saying during the early days of the Iraq attack? Oh, I, L, an M, O, any, why? Okay. I'm probably dividing the balls. That's what it's all about. They can't even write a Halbert in which is based in Texas as we know. She's being delighted because of her strict adherence to procurement and procurement requirements and the Army's preference to side-step, and whenever it suits their needs, Mr. Cohen said. He also said the Army had violated the commandment to the layman's Greenhouse's dismissal until they completion of an inquiry by the Pentagon's Inspector General. Carol Sanders, spokeswoman for the Army Corps of Engineers said, Sunday that the personnel action against Ms. Greenhouse had been approved by the Department of the Army, and the memo dated June 3, 2005, is the Demotion was being arranged. The commander of the Corps Lieutenant General Carl A. Strach, no relation to former dolphins, Mediocroquoedabac Donsdrock, said the administrative record clearly demonstrates that Ms. Greenhouse's removal from the SES is based in her performance and not only retaliation for any of the scoges of alleged improbodies that she may have made. I shouldn't say Mediocroquoedabac wasn't a quarterback and not one greasy guy injured from all those Super Bowl years. Yeah, he did just fine. Nice going down, boy. Why is he a good buddy of a man? So don't knock the Donsdrock. He's weak. No one is a stickler for the rules on competition Ms. Greenhouse initially received stellar performance ratings, Mr. Concent, but her reviews became negative. It referred to the same time to be getting a jetting to the decision she saw as improperly favoring Kellogg Brown and Ruth. Often she hand wrote a concerns on the contract documents. A practice that Corly News called unprofessional and confusing. In October 2004, General Strach citing two consecutive performance reviews, Ms. Greenhouse and uncooperative manager informed her that she would be demoted. Ms. Greenhouse fought the motion for official channels and publicly described her clashes with Corbyn General leaders over a five year $7 billion oil repair contract awarded the Kellogg Brown and Ruth. She had argued that if urgency required a no bid contract, its duration should be brief. I didn't like that, but she's getting in the way. You're interfering. You must have all our plans, okay? Just like Tessio said, you must have all my plans. Well, how's Tessio doing? Yeah. But her lunatics, Miniacs, grave robbers, and a public sits back, but it would be better. But about there, what time is it next? You know, we'll, uh, what once the gotty show on again, growing up throwing up gotty. Once the next reality TV show on, they've got, they've got the public so screwed up in a head man, and you people in the media oughta all be on death row, including those grave robbers at CNBC that helped to steal everybody's life savings. And it's just, see, this is the thing, this is amazing. Americans are so passive now. It's like, you can pull any crap over on them that they want. They put up with anything. They've even sharpened it Walmart. Anyway, I get excited a little bit. All right, no, no. And he's the dog days, baby. It's the last, it's the pre and celebrity we can come up. People are interested in getting all been out of shape. They just survived through another nasty hurricane. Another reason to get the hell out of Florida man, get out before it's too late. The tempest brews over quotes on Starbucks cup, did you see this? No, this is what you will now. This is from the ACAVIL times. Starbucks says it was hoping to win Spirworld Fashion Coffee as conversation went and introduced a campaign this year, featuring words of notable Americans on its coffee cups. Sounds reasonable to me. But at least a few of those words are sparking more discord than discussion. An actual Christian women's there. They go again. Those damn Jesus Christ is again. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. An actual Christian women's organization is accusing the Seattle-based coffee maker promoting a homosexual agenda because of a quote by Arma Other Armistead Malpand, who's Tales of the City Chronicle, San Francisco's homosexual community in the 70s and 80s. Malpand's quote, one of several dozen in the way I see it from Other Armistead says that it's only regret about being gay is that he repressed it for so long. I surrendered my youth to the people I fear when I could have been out there loving someone. Don't make that mistake yourself. I'm sure. Concerned women of America, which promotes itself as the antifixes of a national organization for women, in other words, they're the national organization against women. And most 87 hundred supporters in Washington say most of those quoted on the coffee cups are liberal. How do you like that? The group believes that corporations have a responsibility reflected diversity that are a way to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to fully be able the people who are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have enough Maori. That should work for you. We have been able to stand back with more money just because there is dollars in Angsty and inks. They don't pull any punches right right good liberal boys from Vermont out there fighting for what's just in right I don't want to see I had to go with that Ben and Jerry's crap again. You had to give me started. Sorry No, I'm just I have an addiction to hog and I've been in and I really ought to sue them man I'll just sue them for billion dollars cannot stop eating that banana nut and the ice cream too Guys, you haven't had a yet? No, don't I? Well Josh. No, haven't had it When you put that in the microwave man and like just get that nice and soft and banana e and nutty Mmm and then when you're sprinkling that cinnamon on there You know keep your blood sugar down as good as possible. Wow. Okay. What do we got to pull so far? We got our 500 votes or well. We got to shout at five of something today 501 We got 497. I bet you about what a clock we can get to five of our votes on the pool. Do you think I'm gonna bet you Josh is life on it right now? Okay, if we don't get to 500 by one o'clock, but I'm saying that's it then you won't have to you're only gonna have to one more move to make okay And that's for your nice dirt nap and then what's not but at least one thing You know always that when you make that move it's the last one I must of course you're feeling spalling on grinding light or if you get buried and Florida Remember that story. You know that was in Georgia. Was it? What we have a bit of a coincidence is here too? No, but the main story was the one in Georgia. He was like the other hand to take your whatever And you call those guys. He had a massive undertaking Yeah, he was moving around and into the ground and some some not or baby bodies body over here body over there Best movie of 2004 2005. Do we have our 500 votes refresh that thing? We got two minutes man and Josh's life is hanging in the balance you people care for 98. They're pouring in one at a time This is new Rogers this is 5.62 But it's it's the one to do our Screw you Man heck Jagger You had better shut up fast Because if you don't I have to Oh Hey Jenny, tell me that would pass can over Yeah I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I guess I lay myself on a train. Can we pay land? I don't know what's happening around. Laditha, please? You're so grateful. Number six. Who took you? Number six. Number six. Number six. Number six. doing weekly don't have that Marlins or that extra show but all become half hour of the man go we can't afford to do that keep in mind by the way as far as ratings is concerned that part of that three to seven is that six thirty uh well I don't want to go into it. Oh that all these pre game and pre pre game let me see oh we got Curtis and Troy had Gigi on Saturday look at that and what is that for it's like before the game that's pre for the Met's Marlins game I see and then oh there it is after the game on Sunday we got Marlins extra with Jesse Aguilar that's after the game followed by Lenny and Martez and you wonder why we have no numbers holy cow rat man wow whoo Lenny Martez my ass. Boca Brian is going to be very excited he and I both will be the only ones old farts like us old chicken neck. Guess what TV show is coming back. Let me give you a clue. Ralph Edwards you're still on our day yeah oh you were at one slow and who that yeah this is your life an audience favor which ran for nearly a decade in the 50s and 60s on NBC is making a comeback in numbers that ABC this is your life. The original series created hosted by Ralph Edwards was a reality TV pioneer each week I don't try to say reality show only in this case it is reality because it's about real people and there were relatives and people at they never wanted to see again but are forced to define them. Each week a person was surprised with an off an emotional recounting of his or her life by Edwards friends and family. In other words they would you know they would take them somewhere under false pretence like it's going to be some kind of a dinner they were going to walk in and be on stage. Surprise Donna sure this is your life and of course Donna sure was off the road because and this is a true story her real name was Fanny Rose sure okay we're still going to do that because she was being from the deep south she was in various being Jewish okay so when she was on the air and they were bringing all her Jewish relatives and she was going like oh see the you see whatever remember Donna sure no yeah the subject why not the subjects very from celebrities prominent business figures to regular folks we are thrilled and reduced this is your life to a whole new generation of ABC viewers executive and we are wrong said this statement I hope she's like but I think she might be wrong the original series was more than just one of America's best love TV shows it became a cherished part of the american vernacular. Bob Barker this is your life Edwards began to show on radio then moved NBC in 1952 recently mentioned Bob Barker is because Ralph Edwards also started to with the consequences was his show and you know who the host was of food to consequences no Bob Barker I just got you know how many of them and then moved NBC in 1952 made it that worked till 61 syndicate versions there briefly in the 70s and 80s the new show being produced by Fox television and wealth Edwards production Edwards now 92 lives in Los Angeles won't be involved in the series production shows yet to begin to say that I'm not there's something to look forward to okay some reason for us to live this is your life this is your life judge courtesy moved 82 times in a six month period and by the way Josh is still alive we got over to 500 of what's with plenty of spare wood they must like you a lot man that's right you see them they were coming in and by the chunks that were terrified that we were covering beiner boy back so probably most of the votes came from inside the building George is good post personal friend beiner boy you'll find him under an overplayer past near you not any specific one just around here's a fact that says oh that's right it wasn't done struck it was Earl Moral and then struck sucked like I said Earl Moral what was I thinking about Earl Moral wasn't he the mayor the sheriff of Davy or something like that the mayor had no huh the sheriff of a okay for nokey swamp whatever he wanted sorry to correct you but the quarterback who's dead and when Bob breezy went down in the perfect season was Earl Moral who later when I became like it says here the mayor of Davy see I told you it was not done struck side I got no light thank you very much you right I knew it wouldn't possibly be because on struck was lame he was Morino's a backup right well he uh Morino took over any three struck was like 70s and early 80s he wasn't there when Morino was there I think maybe for any boy yeah like the very beginning of Dan I remember one time I was in WY and Z and I had done struck on my show at night I didn't want him on a show but he was in the building for something or maybe in the daytime and the uh brought him in they said oh here Neil here's Don struck uh sit down done and have a chat with Neil as I want you doing here you'd boil you silly as you fair shock you silly dumb John he's always good guy we like on struck he's one of my dogs good post a rock it'll be not gonna hold on struck how do you say it's swazzy land I usually don't or swazzy land I wonder if that's a country named after John Cameron Swazzy who takes a looking but his heart keeps on ticking he'd always been dead for many years remember John Cameron Swazzy of course not time as watchers it takes a looking but keeps on ticking I'm gonna do a show for old farts okay I already am just a joke okay more than 50,000 bear-brested virgins by to become a king of swazzy land 13's Wife on Monday and a ceremony which could say it'll be fits a country with the world's highest HIV age rate his 13th wife that might be the unlucky number that doesn't mean you know it a total king miswaddy the third sub-saren Africa's last absolute monarch arrived rest in a leopard skin loincloth awasher redance ceremony which he has used since 1999 to pluck new brides from the girls rest in a little more than beaded miniscurts wielding machetes and singing tributes to the king and queen mother also known as the great she elephant the girls dance around the world state even hopes of catching the eye of the 37 year old monarch I want to live a nice life have money be rich have a BMW and a cell phones at one dancer 16 year old Zadra Mamma who are traditionally traditional brightly colored tasseled scarf critter same swaddy who is courted controversy for his life as lifestyle while two thirds of his sub-saren and abject poverty sets and can't like the Saudis it sounds like to me sets a bad example by encouraging polygamy and teenage sex in a country where 40% of the adults live with HIV some say the read dance traditionally meant to sell is that the Greg read dance is that the one they're talking about oh yeah we've heard about that traditionally meant to celebrate women who had virginity has become little more than a showcase for the kings young would be bright are that scourine was doing at the read dance once upon a time is that just a rumor huh that's what Troy told me the read dance is going to be used for one man's personal satisfaction mario masuku leader of the band opposition party told writers the king has a passion for young women in opulence but many swazis are that swazis i wonder petricks was a little bit the oddabies mixed with sick say the young monarch has a right to do as he places defending his pension for young brides is swazied tradition arguing that ceremonies like the read dance which this year drew record 50,000 maten's cement national identity and what an identity it is too uh ha ha ha ha ha ha the king takes the life whenever he wants and that's the way it is this is our culture will ever change said san gili midluba 21 other than that they don't they need a volume with their in that country not too many vowels in the words lot of a constant many made in the uh what's your name uh wouldn't have what's to do on it uh in that country what those are named bana oh oh you know what i haven't played in a long time bad a picky letter oh my god that so it's coming up let's say i inspired myself on it that's great i never miss wheel of fortune and what a show and my good on those puzzle if i was just good at wheel of fortune would buy an exam on a guess in the puzzle on the show i'd be a billionaire many made in the suit come from villages across the country dream of joining the king's wives who each have their own palace and BMW but others were scared catching the world i could curtail their freedom and forced them into a polygamous marriage marriages about love not money said trainee police officer patience dammy honey who jazzed up her traditional outfit with big diamond necklace this thing of many wives is not good how does he satisfy them all well let's draw you a pictures we are you know you're a bad nation maybe maybe he likes to go see alice speaking of alice hey alice you're fairie there's another one of your clients by the way norman has got a syndicated show that's on stations all over the place alice marginally no talent piece of a right wing turd i just mentioned that in passing norma i could have been a contender i could have been something i could have made an impact in a meantime here i'm talking on a stupid ass sports station even one of our salespeople passed along the information that this is the only show he listens to one of radio station because sports radio sucks remember that yeah don't say who the i don't want to mention that bad boy said it well and look if anybody deserves a shot it's him you're almost saying he even this copy he re even a second the read on one points out to me how illiterate how just idiotic i guess when he 85 thousand calories a day and has it just rocks away whatever was left of your brain you know what saying i was all that hanky panky it's crazy around and what do we have to get them off here i think you screwed it all up with all that yeah that funny business you were doing at healthy that they moved hey man what do we there's no kitchen for when i think we have never know what does it any better i dream about you if i'm not in all over can or what lana i don't understand why you make a hundred grand not for me to say anyway get me a ticket for an error plan gonna be under will a fortune game i just got to win the wheel again for when i pick me a letter i got my face back to that to win a fair melon that word is a little liar all right i got to get the letter man i think better why you feel so bad in your makeup little omg that's me if they get for an error plan all right i'm on the wheel of fortune game and i just got to get down i'm in the bottom round baby man i'm with me a letter loads of turns hey past lose day that's not being clear no one's up with any better i dream about you all right that is an over can and i don't need to stare but i'm wearing underwear not for me to say anyway i don't hear how much money i got to spend can send to look get my page i go again won't throw in the power still live by your powers o vana pick me a letter is vana pick me a letter all right i'm ready to pick baby every day if you get the yellow mopey god tv wx my name that's a cover now i'll write i'll take the sofa the blender the microwave and the refrigerator i'm in five hundred dollars for a black and white five and portable tv said you got ripped off man my brother and welcome get a few old sales give me the money i buy the tv gentlemen right everybody come on baby somebody idiots get all right show us contestants who like they have like almost all the others are filled in the obviously i don't know what the answer let me buy a file let me buy an eye you know what i'm saying i think that's stated when they're that dumb i mean why do you throw the money away you already know what it is there's one like a half dozen uh at any rate five hundred forty six votes if Josh would have really put his nose to the grindstone effect i think we get still though we make six hundred during the show that would be one of the most incredible accomplishments in the history of the broadcasting business you know and so we will we'll make six five four in thirty nine and about forty minute we can do it oh yeah if i would have told you to start a show today like couple days after the hurricane weekend and labor day a pre-labor day Tuesday and all the other stuff all the other excuses that these slackers have got that we'd make six hundred votes on a marginal poll like this you've said yeah yamama you're your dream and man what kind of drugs are you doing beside ice cream that is my drug with choice ice cream i'm addicted i make no bones about it i'm addicted in such a dasturly way and i'll say it again sugar is so far more addicted than heroin than crack than anything else maybe if you ever tried crack or heroin no what if you try and let us know okay we'll do like a comparison yeah taste test okay i've seen a crack or two i've thought i heard my heard i see a living in florida i think if you crack or myself yeah five forty eight in the sunshine state we got fifty two to go into this this is exciting now see this adds a little a little spiced in other words kind of like uh yeah colorless two day slightly more than half the country says president bush and meet with Cindy she and the mother of soldier for last year in Iraq according to a new wash and imposed ABC news poll the survey found that fifty two percent of the public says bush should talk to she and was repeatedly asked for a meeting with a president while forty six percent says he should not fifty three and he see here's the key number fifty three percent say they support what he's doing forty two percent of poiser actions got that all right not good numbers for al present a or his a sicker fans his supporters is so close like the war in bush is overall handling of the situation in Iraq attitude to she she and the body of the sharply longer of partisan lines seven and ten of a crisis of the support she is physician on Iraq while equal proportion of Republicans opposed you know people are welcome to this with the truth that crowd for her i support our president that that brought man the one they showed the other and she crazy person does this a crazy screaming and wailing in other woods and remind me that woman i'd love to have my son molested by Michael Jackson that same kind of a crap you know beyond yeah oh my god five fifty four we need forty six votes on there and of course the poll i mean doesn't really make it a sense of the poll is not a sense of that doesn't really make a difference no just though it's just a challenge that's all number the sixty four thousand dollar challenge with Ralph story court i remember you do that's right what's the best movie of two thousand four two thousand five speaking of movies that was a bad movie by the way what was it called quisho yet was it was a mediocre twenty one would jackberry would they'll free to find our drop and Charles R. and Doran what a memory this man has huh when i started telling hi i thought he was going to fall off the chair which would have made a big fun at building when i started telling about the race and about who finished the wear and the who's on earth i just couldn't believe how my mind is clutter with such crap and then when i said well don't forget i work a q-way man that explained it the best movie at last two years fair and high nine eleven hundred and forty two hands down your pants walks to three or four times and we'll watch it again and just want to cry and scream they all suck sixty three look at the speaking of crying and screaming look at the roof of the uh... uh... uh... uh... super dome what about it i knew that big chucks of it got teal off with all the way is gone not to mention the holes in all arena when pouring through it's a ball dc that conditions worsening inside the super dome and water level and new allians is rising every hour it's broken arms and worse than that i just as if people sleeping on the walkway outside the dome we saw a man jumped through his death they say he appeared to be acting normally he was playing a game of dominoes on the second level and the second level breaches in the stadium inside the dome when he calmly got up he asked two people on the floor below to watch out and then he jumped to his death here i didn't like that so here was he said he said oh my god hundred forty two for nine eleven they all sucked fifty sixty four didn't see any forty five yeah the house come on when the weather's better winning uh... winning crashes forty one the incredible thirty four kill bill by him two twenty six ray twenty five the red Charles story star wars three twenty three past of the christ twenty one that man begins twenty spider man two twenty since he sixteen senior element fourteen the born supremacy with macho might uh... my payment nine pitch eight fifty first eight seven tris seven or the world six broken flowers five met a gas gritty constant gardeners got three must already be out somewhere with you think maybe those people are all psychic maybe there's no it's good uh... i can think of things like that things you've never seen or had but you know that they must be good like what they have to tomorrow three in fact uh... that the rob Marciano the weather got seen in you know they're in the middle of this human crisis this catastrophe and they got them on their luck and i'm sure uh... the first button opened out like he's almost his perfect you know yeah pants are next rob and housing to the punishment to i robot to the devil rejects one robots one mister missus Smith one kingdom of heaven one nobody knows one downfall one family upper one helboi one so far out of five hundred sixty five ohs we got a real shot here folks stealth unleashed look at me hit on in my server of all got the big so far and you know the big ohs rock solid as he do by the way don't ever hear too much about him he's fine is he fine what i heard kind of like a seventy five share and they're like uh... from five to seven in the morning with no competition let me just mention again we don't discuss the trends anymore wait till the four rating book comes out in a couple months but uh... we stuck pretty bad and uh... i would be got a whole bunch of bogeys stuff and especially in those big in ways because it was heavy holios in who in who lie but let me tell you the other sports folks over there you yeah i'm gonna tell you very jackass and you have your heads inserted deep inside their uh... that's a letter of seven ninety you couldn't measure their audience with a uh... microscope with a way with a magnifying list but amount palamar telescope you couldn't find a crowd and i use the word crowd loosely okay loosely like Sammy Smith twenty seven after one i'm a little bit too agitated on me forget about one forty to put my uh... brought worst on the flaver way i'll set my life actually about one forty five no and then that break the one forty break because i put it under for like sixteen minutes and that'll keep it warm actually what it says there is in when it little bit goes off at the end the minutes is in little tiny letters warm in other words the the element is still on there still are keeping the stuff warm it's a beautiful thing what was the last time we really indulged yourself weeks ago months ago even longer dollar macros and sir to want you to indulge yourself every night with sir to perfect night macros line right now when you call one eight hundred macros you can save up to nine hundred bucks off the dollar macros factory direct prices the perfect night feature sir to size cool accounts find a school day and memory phone for the ultimate comfort the sir to sell is for limited time you're going to save out all sizes and comfort levels while supplies last call one eight hundred macros get delivery with an eight twelve hundred the two pick delivery that nobody else in the world would dream of offering you chances are they've got the macros you want in the size and comfort level you're looking for ready for same day delivery and i'll after a Katrina man if their people also the head damage to their mattress here's the perfect way to replace it real fast dollar macros is right number one and customer satisfaction i've used them for years as his George and mole and Miguel and even the illiterate fed board just to feel the qm folks were satisfied customers you will be too don't put it off another minute call one eight hundred macros right now or log onto their website macros dot com call today be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight if the old mattress floated away or got destroyed by the hurricane here's a way to replace it like i said just about a immediately if not sooner call one eight hundred m a t t r a s one eight hundred mattress leave off the last s four stupendus savings this is meal this is five sixty two eight dot get in and hold it real Clinton never sang to the grandeur but he's singing now on the hot new CD Bill Clinton proves his favorite tunes featuring the former president's versions of classic hits like this one from pig-loin come in here there girl have a cigar you're gonna go far all the way up hope children's and princess favorite tunes also includes this great people song monocoa who and skeys she's overweight but she knows how to act all the day yes you are straight and this the time party drags up the writer on the Detroit wheels she's the interview at the blue dress blue dress blue dress and drink with the blue dress on please fill up all the zipper if you bought the recall when the old ball office was rocking and nobody bothered knocking then get your copy of Bill Clinton proves his favorite tunes today Nancy said bad thing about the gipper is he couldn't find the zipper it's one thirty four minute was a good thing and of course his son you know the ballet and fairie five hundred eighty two we need only eighteen votes in twenty six minutes that should be like a cakewalk like a walk in a park don't you think kind of like our invasion of a rack you know that we went in with the flowers and candy to apply the copper's that's right more will be waiting for a father and candy for a set to a clock don't even know you never know with more a racky constitution dangerly dangerously short of u.s. goal say the experts that must be propaganda don't you think sure it's new draft constitution falls dangerously short of initial u.s. goals and will likely fuel an increase in violence in the more batted country mercenaries they're saying it's not a good path to run right now said flip lever to be booking his institution think thank you have a situation now which one or two things will happen and both of them are bad he said either the minority uh... soon he airs will succeed in mustering a two-thirds majority and three of the countries eighteen provinces to sink the charter or will fail in end of feeling disenfranchised and disgruntled either scenario will produce a political crisis he said what we have now is a situation in which it which is the beginning of a countdown to something that will look like civil war in a rack how do you like that because everything is going so well in those three generals that they had on eat the press on Sunday they should only rotten hell along with that fat-faced tim rustard from buffalo that pasty faced her i mean you talk about propaganda i'm begging you not that it makes any difference whether you're neither not because uh... you know i are at that story on air about the uh... the media which version people have rid of that's comforting the scene what's in it that's very dry like i remember what you're not top of these things i'll tell you right now but a like thirty of those things it's called uh... cable news hoxters and harlot there is adnaha by and now and if you don't read it you're a misnames and you know it's stating things that a lot of people know but a lot of you are aware of over you're not getting news you're getting propaganda okay these people are a bunch of shows they're paid off they're being spoon fed okay they're sucking presidential ass don't you get it that's what it's all about right wing fascist presidential ass infected they had some kind of a test remember that song that's a couple of somewhere in new jacquisting if they they could find finger prints to what i was what i find on you if they could find tummarks who's where they find on George bush's that's okay that's a long list yeah you better believe in the most of them in the media i want to be found on condolese's uh... uh... uh... over they should have heard the other day it was an old clip from uh... meeting in a white house she was wearing pants yeah talking about like a pants suit like women i'm talking about like real pants yeah to point i wonder she's got a they were us gilb span and the evost and gloom rights coutrina's real name let me say it again two words you ought to be thinking about right now as you look at the devastation over there in the warlands and lusiana and even outside your own window in some of your cases global frequent warming two words ross gilb span rights the hurricane that struck the wiziana yesterday was nicknamed coutrina by the national weather service it's real name is global warming when the year began with the two foot snowfall in Los Angeles the cause was global warming when a hundred and twenty four mile hour winds shut down nuclear plants in Scandinavia and cut the power to hundreds of thousands of people in arlan and the uk the driver was global warming when a severe drought in the midwest drought water levels in the Missouri river to their lowest on record earlier this summer the reason was global warming angel i when the worst drought on record triggered wildfires in spain and Portugal and left water levels in frances their lowest level in thirty years i told me the explanation was global warming when a lethal heat wave in arazonic temperatures above 110 degrees and kill more than twenty people in one week the comfort was global warming and when the indian city of bomb bay we see thirty seven inches of rain in one bay telling a thousand people in the strapping the lives of twenty many others the villain was global warming as the atmosphere warms it generates longer droughts more intense downpours more frequent heat waves and more severe storms although Katrina began as a relatively small hurricane that glanced off south Florida it was super charged with extraordinary intensity by the relatively blistering sea service temperatures in the Gulf of Mexico a concept quince is ours heartbreaking is they are terrifying unfortunately very few people in america know the real name of hurricane Katrina because the colon oil industry has spent millions of dollars to keep the public in doubt about the issue the reason is simple to allow the climate to stabilize requires humanity to cut its use of coal and oil by seventy percent which of course threatens the survival of the largest commercial enterprises in history in nineteen ninety five public utility hearing some of the sort of found at the coal industry and paid more than a million dollars to four scientists to a public dissetters on global warming and next on mobile is spent more than 13 million since nineteen ninety eight on an anti global global warming public relations in loving campaign in two thousand big oil and big coal score the biggest electoral victory yet when bush was elected president and subsequently took suggestions from the industry for his climate energy policies as the pace of climate change accelerates many research is fear that we've already entered a period of irreversible runaway climate change against this back around the ignorance of the american public about global warming stands out as an indictment of the US media when the US presses bothered to cover the subject of global warming it's focused almost exclusively on its political and diplomatic aspects and not on what the warming is doing there are agriculture water supplies plant and animal life public health and weather for years the fossil fuel industry is lobby to me to do cordless same way to a handful of global warming skeptics that it occurs to the findings of a runaway intergovernmental panel on climate change more than two thousand scientists from a hundred countries informed of the UN today with the science have become even more world bust and the impacts is visible as the megastorm that covered much of the gulf of Mexico the press bears are sure the guilt for our self-induced destruction with the oil and coal industries as a Bostonian and afraid to becoming with a will like last winter be unusually short and devastating this severe at the beginning of 2005 a deadly ice term knocked out power thousands of people in the winland and dropped a record setting 42 point to which is a snow on Boston the conventional name of the month was January its real name is global warming and a part of it but it would like that that's right we support our president okay we don't care how much he's screwing up the planet we don't give a crack and that's because people are stupid that's basically what it boils down to most people are really incredibly stupid selfish ignorant 141 at five 60 every two way in when you're shopping for shoes there'll be stupid comfort and fit and price of what it's all about so to the smart thing get over to brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite stylish shoes at brandy's or find a few mongous unmatched selects to just about every major brand like rock port floor shime echo mafisto sas new balance and lots more and brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you've got to customize fit of your favorite comfort you just ask for already he'll make sure you get a perfect fit each in every time brandy's understand fit and comfort and they specialize in wide widths as well brandy's is worth the trip like I always tell you from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit value and solution new year shoe shopping at brandy shoes 1290 north federal highway and popular beach open daily till nine Monday through Saturday and Sunday's till five and right now going on as I speak is brandy's red tag sale by one red tag item get a second red tag item of equal less or right would have price so be sure to get your ass in the store this week or do your shoe shopping online at brandy shoes dot com this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two you got you you what a life oh I mean tremendous circles for some of your hello hi there I first of all I want to thank you for channeling mr. Jennings from beyond the grid for us okay Peter how are things in hell will it's hard I never thought it was going to be anything but hard so I guess now you're really a smoker huh oh yeah I think it goes with the territories with the territory oh calafard of the Peter Jennings hello Peter you know any dead celebrity joke no man in the fight did I wouldn't say so all the women's city tensus hello yeah Peter are the rumors true is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald apple pie I think he has resist but you've asked the question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today summer said can tucky for Peter Jennings hello hi gentlemen hi mr. Jennings is there saline beyond music in hell yes and it just happens it goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after and oh my I think that would make my ears clean oh many do indeed one more call we have a minute left downers growville and all I hello mr. Jennings would you like for Christmas uh suddenly who's saying oh so so bombs on your wish list yes as his George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings yeah thank you as a city I'm going to be this for if there's a place called hell George's ability to Bush will be the first one online he'll be there running soon 600 votes we got our 600 there's a fact that says you pull wouldn't be complete without team America world police you got that one on and then we put it on there now yeah okay there he goes so on there we got our 600 I can't believe it this is one let me say again this ought to be in the genius book of records and as opposed you know like radio and records and FMQB they were obsessed with the PD border talk about the IOD coverage of the store now all this other bullcraft okay here's one of the great accomplishments in the history of the radio broadcasting business and they ignore the show completely and totally okay you should only croak also at hour and hour and day if MQB whatever you are you quizlings you you fair yeah man well I tell you this this show is the greatest phenomenon on an history of human race that is unknown you know what I'm saying yeah we are just like an anonymous here tragic just pathetic norma you quizling you idiot you oh yeah that one fit Shanghai wait to hear this you know what they're concerned about in China I give up naked internet chatting really a Chinese researcher is warned of a new threat to public health and morality naked internet chatting up to 20,000 Chinese internet users log out of chat rooms each night in which users use various states of undressed to talk to each other with a help of webcams the Shanghai daily newspaper said today studying China use the association researcher new gang at first we thought it was merely a game for a few mentally abnormal people the paper quoted Lewis saying but as our research continued we found the problem was much larger than expected you said what if he's kind of new Gordon participants in the sites download chat software and a TED video cameras to their computers the paper reported they then talk with others while exposing themselves in performing provocative poses at said how do you like that? those crazy Chinese China's got more than 87 million internet users the second largest after the USA communist authorities and struggles will have a free discussion other online content considered subversive while encouraging the net's commercial application it along look and see anything that might be a little you know propaganda that might be well confused them with the facts here's a good piece of news fox sued by swit shop TV right all right by Richard lost calm in Miami no less in the garden the glamorous image of a Hollywood scriptwriter's lifestyle is an endless round of leisurely lunches and celebrity parties has been exposed as a lie by a class action lawsuit filed against one of America's biggest TV networks Fox TV is accused of overseeing an area shows that were produced by writers who endured intolerable working conditions being forced to skip meals submit fake time cards in more more than 80 hours a week in cranted over heated off orifices the condition in this industry resemble swit shop said a certain behalf of writers of seven so-called reality TV series is tangled p tree or he makes a hell of a dish and I did put my brought worst on without your mind me by the way what I'm not on the man you were the break and I went and done a Daniel oh well you did it on the thing well well watch what is this man talking about i put my watch a lot of money what then your p tree was to an area present the writer's got a america which is backing the action launched by ten writers and editors on such shows as trading spouses dual-maintener and married by america said working conditions had pushed some writers to the brink maybe that guy that jumped there uh... in the superdome maybe he was uh one of the writers could be we've heard stories of people breaking down from the straight of men and women working from nine in the morning till after midnight with no meal breaks of location shoots were eight people were required to work in hot trade as meant for four he said fox TV and rocket science laboratories the company of contracted a higher the writers have refused to come in on the lawsuit which was lost within the superdome elan six on paid wages compensation and two to the damages to their ass last month's well writers back by the union launched an action making silver out of games against other tv companies going to ABC series and turn her broadcasting and marks an escalation of the writers bill campaign for the option of an industry-wide contact contract guarantee minimum rates of pay and better conditions for writers on reality TV shows which it says are on the fastest growing areas of the holy wood economy it's time for fox and other major broadcasting companies to step out a night of day and end these justice in justices they be saying exactly izanberg thirty two all i want to play this in the fox law suit claims he was ordered to fill in time she for three weeks work on his first day as a story assistant for the show renovate my family in the summer 2004 because he was keen to get on TV he complied soon he said he felt days because of the unbearable demands of work i spent almost my entire working time at work he said i enjoy my job out of keep doing it but also another come to certain point for you to stand up for yourself you go is here whether you talk whatever your name is pick their ass that's the fox musician only and in fact you're going to be right behind bush there in the line in hell with the people from mall mart when you agree oh yeah i knew you would lunch if you wanted five sixty i can smell that brought worse cooking man it's just enough to make your hair stand on it and speaking of your hair you And if you drive and mess you with me It's on your normal butt to me You're coming back again Yeah, I'm a guestman Now my advice for those who drive Get some When you focus and close your eyes Get some Because of the guestman Yeah, the guestman And you're a team for no one But yeah, yeah So I asked you, when you grow up, would you rather be the guestman Or the assman, it's 157-6 Whatever it is, we got more stand-in by That's the two o'clock, the molemeister We'll re-gave you with the BS and then of course mad dog before This story and what a hell of an eye gotten to this sooner I guess because I haven't been on right? Okay, paper jam That's okay, forget about it Humans are the ones on display at London Zoo Do you see this? Nope, you didn't see this? Nope. At London Zoo you can talk to the animals and now some of them talk back Caved and barely closed with a rocky enclosure, eight British men and women monkey to round Friday for an amuse Be muse crowd behind a sign, warning humans in their natural environment And of course, most of the birds live seen Especially in Amsterdam, the long and the zoo The captives in the humans who exhibit stem themselves on our Assundums, sunthers, sephas on a rock ledge Plan and bathing suits and tinned on fig leaves Some played with Hula Hoops, some wave, a signboard Informed visitors about this species died, have a fat world Rod distribution and threats Visitors stopped to appoint and laugh and several children Could be heard asking, why are there people in there? London Zoo's spokeswoman, Polly Will said that's exactly the question Is the ones to answer? Seeing people in a different environment among other animals He says members of the public that the human is just another primate Will said, it also, as you can see, lets them go at people The exhibit which opened Friday puts three male and three female Homosapiens side by side with their primate relives Through those separated from them by electric fence While their neighbors might enjoy bananas in a good scratch These eight shows in from 30 applicants That's 30 minutes Well ended the Anamlan contest, have a diverse interest from a chemist hoping to raise awareness about apes To a self-described actor model and fit this enthusiast And I'm sure they might also enjoy bananas in a good scratch When you think? I'm sure, who doesn't? Temest time of holy 26 decided to participate after his friend Send him an email about the contest as a joke Anything that draws attention to apes he said has a support I think a lot of people think humans are above other animals He said when they see humans his animals here It kind of reminds us that we're not that special But then again, we have a soul for like God that created us The animals who this for our amusement and amusement, right? That's right And a chop up an eat And if those Chinese go over there with stop chop up an eating Somebody of those dangerous animals And have SARS and this other avian flu Then nobody seems to want to talk about But here we have an article every day about how everybody's going to die And if you read about that? Yeah, there are. But you want to talk about that though because it's kind of a scary I just wouldn't be looking like a lot of poultry these days 619 votes on the pole What's the best movie of 2004 2005? We did it. We got over 600 votes and people are going to be right in the box On this day of all days, you know, it managed to out how Lila hafe Fair and height 911. There's a new um, what's that body wash that I'm so crazy to say to eyes? Okay, it's called, oh, what the hell is it called? Oh, I don't know. But boy it's good. I'll tell you Thursday. Alright, fair and 911, 156. They all sucked 68. Didn't see any 48. What in crashers 45? The incredible 38. Ray 29. Kill Bill volume 227. Star Wars 326. Batman begins 23. Batman begins where Robbins tights in. He takes to the question 22. Spider-Man 222. Since the 19 174. Born supremacy in line. H-8. Fifty first date. 7. Troy 7. You got seven Troy. War the World 6 broken flowers. Five day after tomorrow's got four. I robot four, collateral four. Mr. and Mrs. Smith three. Madagascar three. Constant Gardeners, 3's not even out yet. Santa Maria, up for 3. And team America world police two. Chocolate factories gotta pair. Team number 1, heaven 2. And a bunch of other stuff that believe me. Believe me, you don't want to say. Bye, bye.