Hi, I'm Evie Ford, we're bringing Neil. Don't forget to high school football tonight. Tom Beach Gardens in here field. This tomorrow, Lakeland, and St. Thomas Aquinas tonight. And those games being played at the stadium, formerly known as Doraovi. If you get a chance to add and watch these kids play for the state championship, and some exciting time for them, there will be people there. Hello. Yeah. I got an email here that's... Are we carrying that stuff? Are we going to be broadcasting high school football? Not that I know of. Oh, damn it. But, you know, Friday night football used to be a great tradition here in town. Yeah, well, I saw another lifetime you're talking about. Yep. This didn't pass. But, state championship games are pretty important to those kids. And, no. So anyway, even email is it what? I got an email here that said that the... This is from a guy named Larry Rudolph and Larry says, Who the wrongs? Basically, when he says that when they cry about their past losses, they're including all payroll earned and not paid. When they compute their nearly payroll, they include the cash paid, nor any earned, that total air double dealing. Never paid attention to any annual payroll figures or annual losses unless you see their records. Secondly, reducing the payroll from 65 million to 13 is not a market correction, but a market crash. They are embarrassing to franchise, so immediately baseball or the city or county can bail them out. It happened in Montreal and we're for them, so they're trying it again. It's classless, but probably a smart move. It's not a smart move, it's a stupid move. Because they're going to alienate what little they got of the fan base that they developed is going to evaporate immediately. And they're going to get all kinds of, they're going to get a class section lawsuit. See, they forced people to buy a seat on the... I'm going to tell you something, they're not going to get a class section lawsuit. Because there's no grounds for it. I know it's failed the first time, but they'll still... You know, I may fail. I'm not saying it's going to succeed, but they'll still have... But you know what, some guy, some lawyer, will take advantage of a bunch of unsuspecting people to file one of those sue. There's no normal, that's why it's an extra for normal candy. No shot of winning that sue. Well, so what do they do is make, give it a shot, just to put a few dollars. If you don't stick it, that's going to aggravate you. We're going to make you spend a lot of money on legal fees. Not me. Well, I'm just telling you, that's the way to do it. They're wasting money. They're getting your money twice. People are getting sick and tired of hearing all this whining. And I'm going to tell you another area that people are not too happy about. At least I'm not. And that is the per mutual people, including some of my friends. You know, these people don't understand where they are. They just don't get it. How long do you have to be in a place before you realize it's a miracle that A and Ever Got On a Ballet in the First Place? And B and Ever Got Any slot machines. When you've been around as long as the market is we have, you realize that they were just swimming upstream. They were fighting against all the insurmountable odds. The governor and the legislature shafted them. That's what happened. That's correct. And there is a feeling among some of the parametrials people that they'd be better off taking another shot when his governor's gone. What do we have to be taking another shot? And getting it the old done, the so that they can at least make something with it. It's going to be very hard for them to make money. We don't make money in taking money. Believe me, they'll make money. Won't be what they thought. And I know they had grandiose plans and they were going to do this to me. I mean, they just don't understand where they are. They don't get to lay at the land. For example, the people at Gulfstream have invested all the money in an facility and they've got these grandiose plans for what they want to do with that property and whatnot. And the money they're going to get out of slots is not going to pay for all that. Remember Garden State Park in New Jersey? Sure. For the whole guy ever went to? It was built with the same concept that it was going to be and they had all the gluteze lights inside. It looked like they looked like a casino already. And that's what they had in mind. This is going to be a casino. And did it ever happen? I don't know. Fortunately, for Garden State Park, Atlantic City opened about a half an hour away. Well, I'm just telling you, it's just they've put them plus they never got to right to do it anyway. So the Garden State is history. There's no more Garden State. It conveniently burned down. Yeah. Oh, it's always been to have all those convenience fires, man. Yeah. Remember, on to years ago? Yeah, sure do. It came back booming. New plant. Well, I understand that the sign nature of the racing industry now. Do the white one? That was Phil Gergefsward for John Henry. He's the sign nature of the racing world. Oh, yeah. Phil Gergefs. He was a suit. He should be our poll today, but nobody knows who he is. He's a suit and intellectual. I mean, when you look at the cross section of people at a race track, you're not going to be appealing to suits. I mean, after there aren't some wealthy people and some cultured people, often they clubhouse eating their chef, and drinking fine wine, but the general average race track, or is a slab like us, you know? No, I'm up in that clubhouse with the shatto brian. I really, well, that's because you get teeth for free, so. And me too, a pompot apart. That's right. So I don't feel bad for these guys that they had all these wonderful plans, but you can't, when you understand where you are, and as far as the idea of, well, take a chance with somebody else, who's going to be the governor? Who are they going to get in? That's going to be a friend of gambling for Biddy. The only gambling we've got in the license is the lame ass lottery. That's all he likes. The worst bet in the history of mankind. Oh, one other thing, a call there will be open for simultaneous, they'll make that announcement today. So, golf stream will be opening, and you'll be able to bet that call there. Well, that's a wonderful news. I mean, you don't ever have to go to golf stream again. That is correct. Boy. I don't know what you're doing. Of course, pompot-o-parkers open live racing tonight. Poker-Romovins at noon in the car room. I just mentioned that they got some spots today, so I give them a little free plug. Because I see different fibers quoted in this column here today. He's upset, and the people of Alica pre-occeinos are upset. The guy, golf streams upset, and Dan Adkins are the Hollywood Grams. Let me say it again. You people don't realize where you are. Okay, you just don't get it. You got to kiss the ground that you got anything. And then they quote, your fan asked governor, Oh, I just, it's not going to be a happy thing. We'll sign a bill, but it's not going to be a happy thing in visiting slots in Broward County. Like the world is going to come to an end. Like some one-eyed serpent is going to come, and then just blow everybody away. Well, they can't outfox in this case, because the state, which didn't want it in the first place, but the people voted for the people who got the shaft of the people who voted for it. Yeah, people are still in here. People don't say about anything. You know that. Right. And so what happens is, so the, and I understand their point, it was voted on. They thought they were going to get it. It didn't happen. And now they got it to state's way. So they can minimize whatever the positive effect is going to be. And they're also, they're also damn lucky that they got the class three, because, you know, they could have gone ahead and then got hung up on anything. Because they don't know, that's, you never said that. And that's because they failed to put that in the wording. They would have had to go to the courts. But, you know, they didn't put it in the wording. It wouldn't have been a separate issue. They would just clarify the central issue. They would have signed true. And, you know, they were obsessed with the idea of doing it in the name of education. So that they, they thought that would be the ticket to get it done. And then after a year goes by or two years, then they'll say, oh, you see, it's not bringing in 500 million of silver and two or 300 million a year. And it's not what they promised and some pig and a poke. And let's have another, let's have another election to, it seems to us, you know, to change the law and get rid of it and close them down. That's what they're going to try to do. You know that. Hey, this state is dark, batch. Yeah. So, so how's Goli doing it? But you have a little bit last night or not? I didn't hear the game last night. No, I didn't either. I watched a little bit of it before. I mean, I mean, I couldn't come in here listening to some of it, but I want to get depressed before I went to bed. Yeah, if I'm going to stay up late, it's not going to be a listen to that. Well, why not? Because they're a better thing. We love the panthers. They're really great. Come on, let's get with it. It was only six to two. What's wrong with that? You want to highlight? No. Don't get something. Don't start with that again. That was bad. That was, I just, I still can't go. But I don't think I'll ever recover from that. I'll never be the same person again. I'm not going to be the same person again. Which now see you in my high-minute. It's going out and thirdly scores. Get the same amount of time. I don't, I'm not going to come in. I'm, I've gotten the same. That's unusual. No, I just don't want to say it. I mean, because then I'll get a two. You were with everybody. I tried, you know, to give them some support there in the beginning. I heard a little tips that I thought he was doing a good job. He just, he needs, it's just, he doesn't get it. He doesn't understand. He's not listening to other people. He doesn't understand how you, there's a way you broadcast any kind of a sporting event. And he doesn't understand it. This business of putting Jimmy Siffle aside to do the dolphin game is totally unqualified. And putting guilty on here. It's like, it's like we're in kindergarten. South Florida is like the kindergarten market of the universe. And we're too old to be in kindergarten. I'll tell you that right now. This is true. Although I'll take the money though today is payday. Thanks, parents. You're doing it. Oh, and by the way, whatever you do and don't talk about that. Okay. I get a call of 250 from Karen's yesterday. Seriously, between parents and deaf and gray. There is the psychiatric unit in the country. Big enough to handle their problems. I mean, just a mental mess. I think that he couldn't have told me this morning when he came in, which he did about a half hour ago. But I'd better make that about the hour. And again, getting the involvement something I have nothing to do with anyway, but that's okay. Nothing we want to talk about. No, we won't discuss it. Which thing is this? We are in a discussion. I don't want to lead you into anything. No, you won't. No, because you're the one that's there. I'm not even there. So. It's what you would probably not to talk about yesterday. See, I like throwing a sense of it. No, I know what I was supposed to do. Don't talk about. See that. Or, and certainly don't talk about. And don't say. And then enjoy. So, just coming up. We wish you a merry Christmas. I'm not a merry Christmas. I'm not a merry. No, no. I wish you a happy dinner. A holiday. Let's not get through it away. Okay. The Goiomor already out of control. Do you think that'd be a good seller? Got my DVD series come out. Goiom gone wild. I think it's got to be a big seller. The timing couldn't be better. I like that. Yeah. All this crap about all they're trying to take. All this is diversionary tactics. You know, to take it all this other crap is going on. All these Republicans being indicted now and the war is like going to hell on a hand basket. And let's forget the fun. These all worked up into a frenzy. Now they try to take away our Christmas for much now. All right. Just to say it. From 12 says they're going to bring 20,000 troops. Oh, and I forgot to tell George. You see the article. The rumors now about rummage. The rummage. There's going to be a stepping down. And you see whose poise to step in? Jewelie, Roman. Oh, hey. Oh. Is that pathetic or what? That's why he's been sucking up so much. Because he wants to be the next secretary of defense. Yeah. He's going to have all the earth at our shoes over there throwing muts of balls at the insurgents. Well, still ones. Still muts of balls. I don't know if that would happen. Leave. You think we remain in front of that job. That's the rumor. That's what it says. That's what he wants. He's got his head way up somebody. Let go. I'll tell you that. Well, listen. You have a great weekend. I don't lose too much. Uh, I had a good day yesterday. Did you? Yeah. I'm planning on a good day tomorrow morning. I'm going to go bright nearly in. Got about a half inches snow overnight here, but it's going to be long gone. The sun is shining now by this afternoon. It'll be melted. There won't be a flake on a ground. And then the rest of the northeast is getting like a foot of snow. Yeah. I'm a real knockout woodboy. We're lucky. Yep. I have to go to Atlanta. I'll be talking to you from Atlanta on Monday. Excellent. Well, I'm cracking. Don't tell the little of those crackers you're last name though. No, they don't. They don't cut into our kind of Atlanta. I know. I once got a ticket. I was at Fort Benning. Dr. Jewish. I, well, I was. I was. Yeah. Basically, I was driving from Atlanta back to Fort. It was a D.W.D.M.D.J. driving wild Jewish. Yeah. And I, I tried to be friendly to the guy. You know, I got out of the car. And I said, Oh, I see you with the Shiloh police. And he said, I am the Shiloh polling. And I thought, my name is Wayne Stevenson. Sir, very nice to meet you. Right. I'm on my way back to Fort Benning. Joseph. I'm serving our country. Yeah. Beauty. I'd go into a little bit of a great golfing game. You think, San Diego can cover that 14 points? I'm not interested. Not going to touch that game. You're not interested. Not interested. What about the, just in the, The real, you know, It's in the middle. What's in the papers? I like the Patriots. Well, thank God for that. Yeah. I think the Patriots are going to start to build a little, a little mo. A little mo. A little mo. But the good kind of mo. Absolutely. Excellent. You know, any other kind. Well, there's a negative mo. Have a safe trip. Say goodbye. Can go either way. Don't say that. Christmas. See you. See you. Hi. This is Reddy Ranymore. Adlanico's mortgage is the only mortgage company in South Florida. The same locations since 1982. Why would you deal with someone else? One branch and ready to help serve you. If you want to free crews, don't call them. If you want it, drain on a sunny day. Don't call them. If you don't want to pay closing costs, don't call them. If you want great rates, and you want to, Don't call them. Adlanico's mortgage. Give day. Call real by 944-073-3. Or a broder to Palm Beach at 9.54-987-8077-3. Adlanico's mortgage. Eric Reed, the voice of the Miami Heat, a weekly feature on this station. Prisoner by Mingus Kiwi's 40 games. Tuning every Wednesday at 330 with Howard Dean and Eric Reed. Exclusively on sport-regnial 560-2am. Hank Goldberg. We team morning 7.10. John Schuwer's on sports radio 5. Definitely an eye on this sighted to do step out of the territory. And spread those eggs and joists around you. And help the people just to hear help the people just to see some blood. What's going on? Down. My money would have both their eyes and provide more. And even more. And make a murder and hope that he makes a mistake. I'm not that bad. You fool! You fool! You fool! Don't let that go. You fool! You fool! You fool! You fool! I can do it around. Have a good boy. We're getting high. I'm not high. Holy thing. You better stay home. Let's open some stuff. And my is so much cold. I don't want to get high. Go back. Go back. Go back. Take care of the arms. I'm out of the... I'm out of the... I'm out of the... I'm out of the... Let's get back at Sesameortrad's Pope's own story. My son! You debug its name forever! Ghosts on door! the door! Do you hear my story? Come on, всем on my hand! Noways become Silence! Beyonce! Mama! You want to know where to go? Okay? You want to know where to go? Or you can't go away. And I can't go away. I can't go away. I can't go away. I can't go away. I can't go away. Excuse me, but I do believe that's not us. 1014. Five, six, two, that would be the QA. 1014. Paul. So Josh Cornus finally showed off I see. That's good. No. Well, who's putting the stories on there then? Yeah. Let's be Eric. I think his foot in the story is on. I thought he was coming in this morning. I don't say that. That's what Miguel told me. He better be. He better not pout. But what? I think he's busy getting his 10th in shots for his script to us. He animal. Yeah. We have to get shot. Like the bird flu shot. The 10th in shot and the swine flu shot. Maybe we just get shot. Are you good? 14. 10. QA. So we got Miguel and there was very, What's the word, confrontational? Confrontational. That's the word around the building. What about to silly people? They're so good. Not to see some of them. Hey, pop at O Park Racing and Poker has got the gambling action you're looking for and especially this weekend featuring live harness racing in the great poker card room. Pop at O Park is open every Wednesday. Friday and Saturday like today. Advice of all admission and parking are always free at Pomp at O Park. Come root home a winner from the railroad. Enjoy poker in the smoke free card room with tournaments every day. Also, of course, sign up casting every single day, seven days a week. The harness, the Robert Highline action from all across the nation and Canada to a post time of 725 P.M. for live racing in the card room was at noon. Come enjoy fine dining the top of the park restaurant is open on the sixth floor and every Wednesday at Pomp at O Park. It's dollar night with draft beer hot dog sodas and more just a bucket piece. Pomp at O Park a block set of landed Boulevard on Power Line Road for more information call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or on their website is www.pompatopark.com. Don't forget the poker room opens to the noon and live racing tonight 7-25 and also tomorrow at Pomp and O Park. This is New Ruggers. This is 5-62-a-half. We're rebuilding at this football team. We will be pointing at December 4, 2005 and say that was the day this core group of players learned. I don't win football. The net dogs you managed to lose boys and sports renewal by 67-18. It's day! Oh, you can't be tall. Have a five-six-old WQA. The front-mark of the home road at the Walmart. The draft will under shoppers for the feet. Get out of my way, you Herbert. It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Oh, the board ram on the feet and O sheep feet did meet. Every year, the house was crackles. She wanted was a player. Her graduation, you grew in Chris Moore, the DVD she owned. Her Christmas Christmas. But when the staple doors swung open. When the Walmart she was stepped on and bagged up straight to the bone. Ah! Grandma's now by now the action. And I'll hospital she sits. And after a five-six-in traction, and she even needs a nurse to take a spitter. She's the friend my girl run over at the Walmart. She's the most comfortable. Trample on your shoppers for the feet. Ah! It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Don't! Grandma didn't know she feeds and we are. Just a friend my girl run over at the Walmart. Ah! Trample on your shoppers for the feet. There was on the day after Thanksgiving. Right! Grandma didn't know she feeds and we... No, over at her. Give me the number for 911. Christopher's everybody. Well, sure is. 1019 at five, 64 grandma. She must have been the one I got the trampled when the Xbox came out. So once a story was your ice-dairy eye, and then I'd tell you, I think we're having like this all over again. What do you mean? Remember his predecessor? And I was given a money to do the website. And then it turned out I was like funding his problem. Yeah? And I think I checked that a lot of couple days ago. I think somebody went out and got blitz last night. They probably in the bag. Why not? They bought a big bag of crack with it. And well, some bag of something. And I see those stories are coming up very slowly on the website. Those bedtime stories. There should be on there long time ago. So he's still out there? Nope. Well, where is he that these stories are coming up there? I told there it's a start put in a monitor. Oh, I see. So another, this is a mystery. He didn't say where he was or why he wasn't going to be there before the show. And now it's 20 after 10. I didn't talk to him again. Yeah, well, Miguel's two confrontational tell us the truth. What's the story? Is he in the bag? No, he worked late last night. I guess he worked late last night. He worked late last night. He worked late last night. A promotion. A promotion? Yeah. Yeah. You're putting the promotion in his casket. It's what you're doing. I don't know. Promotion for one. You went on a bit of gig last night. Of what? He was out at the fan bar. Don't tell me this is another one. I was mobile mic deals. No, in that I'm all in my deal. Isn't it nice that we got Miguel with us briefly today? He can tell us all about mobile mic. Anyway, somebody facces and says pink for a flowed for the pool. Back in the early 70s when dark side of the moon came out. I was 12. I was taken by a weird boyfriend of my sister. I see. It's from Jim. I wanted to be at a weird boyfriend. A boyfriend of my sister to a quadraphonic playing of this. And attendants just a bunch of pseudo intellectuals. The Floyd as these folks like to call him have moved on of it. But not much. The Floyd. Is that like the Donald? I agree with this. I know you're going to get all surly. I don't like that. I put it on there for you. Good. Because I'm not your favorite Jim. I'm not this is my idea. I'm not a man. And yeah, of course I disagree. And so does the most people. But never the most people about stealing van. I still don't care. Like I told yesterday, I know what I like. I'm not going to like something because it's popular to do or because it's somebody tells me this post like this. I have like I'm an individual. See what I know is bad. That's not mine. That is being a secular human. It's not a word to watch. Well, doesn't mean stuff you don't like. It's made me for this or another poll. People will watch the crappy Israeli shows and tell you it's for educational purposes. I know someone as a student is psychology and that's where it's used for watching all the swirl. Oh, yeah, she's right. Like a story. I couldn't find you. I can't find MTV no more. I'm understanding that. I found where the music channels are. I got much music and much more music and much less and much share this and hey pop that. I don't find it. I can't believe that. Anyway, here's the deal. Before we do anything else, I'm going to do some Iraq. A statement signed by an Iraqi Insurgent group says that in an internet posting that a video they kidnapped US security consultant, the White House said it couldn't confirm the death. They're waiting to find some body parts, I guess. The statement posted on an Islamic militant web forum didn't identify the hostage and provided no pictures, video or other evidence he had been killed. It said pictures of the sling would be released later. The US embassy said had no information to confirm the claim. Although what this is from the Toronto star, it's on the news here in some of the news on the BBC and on publications from like civilized places, but the America they're still checking it out. White House press secretary Scott McCone said he couldn't confirm the death city had no additional information. At any time there's an American that's taken hostage and say priority for the administration and there's safe returns and priority for the administrative yadda and all the usual BS. All the usual propaganda. Okay, here's the poll from yesterday. What's America's most shameful event? 1492. And we're not talking about Columbus. That's the total of votes I cut it off right at that point. That was an iced totally new. 1492. These being on American. Slavery, 1440. Shameful. Massacre of the Indians, 292. I don't blame him for some of those cancer sticks. Fixed 2000 election, 274. Invasion of Iraq, 249. And then those four, those were the big four yesterday and in the big four right now. Wait down Clinton and peachman 76 Vietnam, more 55. Segregation 52. Civil War 32. And how come that was much higher? Civil War. They forgot about it. They have basically asked her only about 30 men. Like I said, if this would have been W. Kuhbe A. Man, oh man, it had like 30,000. That's just 30. All your old green tooth people re-like, spitting at their radio. They have paid that Kennedy son of a, yeah. Japanese internment camps 22, the McCarthy witch hunts 22, New King of the Jaffes 12, Watergate 12, the Invasion of Haiti, 8 months. Well, the Haitians don't say that, do they? Yeah, man. I don't know. Well, well, what do you mean you don't know? I guarantee you make them think that a Haitian thing is it? That you know more Haitians than I do. I don't know any Haitians. There you go. Well, if we were to the same amount. I know some Jamaicans, the Haitians. I know some Americans. You know what kind of cry they drive? A good machine? A good night. No, you're going to say, well, I'm good. My sheen mind. It's a good machine. Santa morning trial seven, Iran confer six. In May of Grenade, they had only two an invasion of Panama. Somebody finally voted for it. One. They don't want to get involved with Norway. They're afraid they're catching that ziting. He's got it. Out today's pool. Let's see, I already got the one for tomorrow. I got just pools all over the city. For the weekend. Oh. The one that replaces this is the same amount. I don't know how many of them are on the day. The week again is this one staying on all weekend. The one we got on all weekend. I don't think so. 794 votes though. I think we'll make a fast in the even with the no Josh court yesterday today. Well, this is I see. So in other words, he's at home now. That must be the deal. He's probably still kidnapping. Yeah. Well, no, because he's, oh, and that's right. You said Eric's putting the stories on there. See, see, that's the bad deal. The other side is like if you pay somebody for something before they do the work. Don't ever do that, okay? Don't ever pay anybody anything until the job is complete. Because then all of a sudden they start slacking off. That's exactly what happened. He got that check. He cashed it. He went out and got trashed. Where did he go for this thing last night? Some bar some or some fluzy bar? Yes. Really? You know, you're interfering with our show, Mr. McGill. I mean, not only are you confrontational on the year, but also off the year. You're interfering with one of our very important people on the show. Hey, he wanted to go. He wanted to go where? Where was this? In the group. And where what does it have a name? Fan bar. I said that right. Oh. Sending Hindu Abar is like taking a five year old kid with a loaded gun and putting them in a middle of elementary and middle of kindergarten. Name somebody or something strictly for pseudo intellectuals. That's our full today. Not strictly for girls. strictly for pseudo intellectuals. 794. Kabbalah. How do you say that? Kabbalah? Yeah, whatever. 132. It's kind of rhymes with halabah. How do you say that? That's how you say Kabbalah. Kabbalah. That is another one, 21. Maybe he'll take up Kabbalah or maybe the very least Scientology. Poetry 75, Poelau 74, classical music 70. J. 65. Chess 45. Wonder if Bobby Fisher is still trying to blow up America, do you think? Huh? Suci 41, Paris 36, jeopardy 32, Baccarah 28. I used to call Baccarat. It says I'm an old Slob. Baccarah. I never 28. They Matthews van 27. They suck. Oh, you can't say that all a young puncture in them. No, no, no, no. I don't know who is. I hope not. Bridge 16, Proficion 9, 1, 8. Try the wine. I never think wine. Where were the projects? 2001, a space out of C7. You'll love the dialogue. May even the guilt would understand it. Any language? Steely Dan 3 and Pinkford already is on it. Already has got a pair. I think I stand. You're Rogers. You think I'll buy 16, 2, 8. Are you prestig? Hey, how about how are you? Welcome to Jack in the box. I'm Jack. Can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean? Uh, I'd like a Jack burger to the large fries. Sorry, Ben, I'll work clean in the grease fryer. We don't have any French fries today. Okay. Could you just give me a smaller order of fries please? Love chief. Maybe he's in here. I said we don't have any fries today. Sound about something else. Okay. Then just give me an order of fries. Listen up, pal. I hope I put the straw and straw berry. May you do that, right? Make sure that you don't put the apron. I forgot. Make sure that's right. Make sure that that's what I'm saying. I forgot. Listen carefully. Who put the freaking french fries? There is no freaking french fries. That's what I've been trying to tell you, but breath, there ain't no freaking french fries. Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth, so far down. You're f***ing throw. Do I have to sit on a Jack burger to eat it? Oh, I'm a nice day. And happy holidays to the happy dinner holidays. I played that cause there were playin' all the oldie and moldy stuff between on the end of the year, right? Right? As much as I really can't stand that anymore, it was all the first time. And then like the next 4,000 times it was mildly a music. And last 40,000 times it's lost its lust for a word. Like Jack himself. Yeah. 1032 like a here is Johnny like that horrible movie, the shining which sure it's on there. Wait, put that on there? What? That qualifies for the thing. So for the poll today? I do. Okay, the shining. Anybody that tells me that that was a good movie? That was her. Red, round, red, round. And that was the most exciting part of the movie when the killer. Red, round. It was a crap. And you know, again, suspension of this belief or the other way around. This belief of suspension. And he stood there at the typewriter and I come to find out the whole time he's been there. He's been typing the same crap over and over again. Now it's the time for everybody to turn this off and watch something good. I think he was trying to warn us. The shining. We got shine with that. Anybody that paid to see that you got shine. Legislators said 50% tax rate is 6,000 slot machines approved for Broward and we can only hope that there'll be good machines, man. As the permato people got hoes again, which is very sad, but what did you expect, guys? What did you guys expect? You in a redneck Yahoo Bible thumping hypocrites day to the addition of which a lot of these guys are getting smeared on the table by certain certain people with a conflict of interest. I don't want to mention no names, but they're getting slipped a Mickey. You see what I'm saying? That's why there are no casinos in Florida. Right there. You got the cruise ships to know where you got the Bahamas and then of course we got this whole Indian situation now. Another thing passed you do realize that no matter how much show your FADS governor protest, the Indians we put in full fledgic casinos there pretty soon. So all the way around the firmer you're going to get the hoes on this deal. Because now that they got clasery machines it means they can put in clasery gaming. That means they put in like poker and blackjack and cracks and all that stuff. For our permato people yesterday, you want to long awaited legislative go ahead to install laws biggest outslots, but their joy was muted by pretty projections at a high tax rate and their profits would stifle clients to go to the glittering entertainment hotel complexes they hope for. I imagine we'll have to go back to the drawing boards to dig find birds general manager, pump it up for our car and strike and by the way, dig people are talking about those Hawaiian shirts, which is owned by the Ola Capricacinos, the higher the tax the more difficult it is to just to find investment. Well, this is what they got. They got hoes man. In finally passing the stocks of legislation exactly nine months after Broward voters demanded legislative set of 50% tax rate, one of the highest in the country, combined with requirements for the permatoals and over some of the profits of the county and local cities, as well as horse and dog breeders and owners, some officials said the actual tax and profits of the cost of a 65%. I think it's setting them up for failure, Warren Senator Steve Gellard Democrat, howl and they'll beat one of the legislators, legislatures, vocal gambling proponents. I believe they're doing this so the governor can lead a repeal campaign and say, see I took what they have instead of those nice facilities you were promised. The regulations approved by the House 110 to wait and then send it 23 to 14, a lot of counties for permatoals to reach and solve to 1500 machines, mine. Owners of the areas highlight frontone in three race tracks, hand plan to renovate their aging facilities once they were a lot of install slots, adding restaurants, night clubs, entertainment stages, hotels, convention centers, all of these things. But those plans were based on legislative green-away lower tax rate and more machines, mine. Findvers' Pompen O'Park hand envisioned a $150 million complex that included two hotels, restaurants, a 157,000 square foot recino and even a water park, a recino mine. Fans unveiled in the spray product with Greyhound called for a martygrafine with one or two entertainment stages, at least three themed bars of restaurant, a summer cast theater and a casino. On Thursday day, at Van Atkins, vice president of Hollywood Greyhound said he would now likely spend 35 to 45 million to provide a minimal existing building. The grand tans I have for expansion I still have, and if I can make a work out of this tax rate and environment and compete with the Indian tribes, then I'll have to decide later whether to go ahead said Atkins, the leaders that arrived to get slots approved by voters statewide and in Broward. Broward County Commissioner, Ileen Lieberman, who back to slots referendum this spring said, it's unfortunate that the legislature has once again toured to the world of the voters, but I'm posing such a high tax rate, they guarantee that less money will be raised for education than promised by the Constitutional Amendment. Still the legislative compromises expected to raise $2,9 million from above the schools by the 2007-8 school year, but what have been like a 500 million, half a billion, if they wouldn't have liked cycle or what is crafted, they would go. But that's your state. You know, you people choose to live there, nobody's holding their hostage, it is what it is. It's a backwater horseball, redneck, yahu, bush league town, and it always will be. The whole state, it's law-all land. It's a place where old people go to die and it's a place where illegal aliens come on rubber rafts and it's a place where nobody knows from freedom or anything. Elections are meaningless, whether it's the presidential election in 2000, whether it's elections on a bullet train, or whether it's election about class size amendment, or unless you're about to slot machines in Broward, it means nothing because they do whatever they have, there's redneck wanted to do anyway. Speaking of slimeball politicians, this juleyberman man, he really frost my fat old smelly ass. I'm going to tell you right now. Yeah, he just pisses me off. He ought to. Matthew Rothschild and the progressive, it's on our website because it's an Eric for a band and I was surprised they're yet or not. What's the story? Is anybody heard from him? I just thought of him. And what do you say? He's be here soon. It's 1038 in the Sunshine State for you really are missing of our people. What? Next we'll go, we'll go take and Georgia out this weekend by them drugs. Why you won't be by them? A new law for labormen. There are fewer and fewer people around. How's that? What's his name? Zoltensby the way. I heard he needs some more eggnads for the holidays, George. George? What? There are fewer and fewer people around for bush to call on to make his case on Iraq. So his put himself, Cheney Rumsfeld and Connelly's a rice on a propaganda mirror go around. But there is one other person he's been calling on. The executable. I don't even know what that means. ZXECRABLABLA. Executable? They have not shes juleyberman, who is discredited and a little bit of his democratic bona fidees by parading the bush line. You just can't get more of sequiest than juleyberman who wrote in the Wall Street Journal on November 29th. The administration's recent use of the banner clear hold and build accurately described the strategies I saw being implemented in Iraq. And when you start praising the propaganda slogans, you know you're deep in the bush pocket. And that's exactly where Lieberman wants to be, as he tries to warm his way in a way position, as a possible successor to Donny Rumsfeld, if and when bush finally makes the Donald take a hike. Lieberman is so much of a service to the Bushman administration that the Prince of Darkness himself Dick Cheney we still praise the Prime Minister when the speech under the summer 6th or another gathering of troops. As some of you know when I first randomized President five years ago my democratic opponent was a fine U.S. Senator named Juleyberman Cheney said, we disagree on some issues, but we stand together on this war, and then Cheney proceeded to quote approvingly from Lieberman's Wall Street Journal article. At the same time Cheney was speaking, Lieberman was ingratiating himself even further. It's time he said for Democrats to distress President Bush to acknowledge he'll be commander in two for three more years. Unless you're he's impeached with Valorcy should be, but even if Bush is there for a full three more years, no one sees what a mess Bush is making in Iraq, no one who sees that has to start trusting him and backing him. The government went there, though saying essentially that harsh criticism of Bush jeopardizes America, we undermine the President's credibility at our nation's peril, he said, what a, oh God. How is it possible you don't spit blood when just hear his name, you know what? I didn't know, oh brother. We undermine the President's credibility our nation's peril. Excuse me, but I do believe that's not an angry. Lieberman, leaving aside the fact that Bush has done a fine job of undermining his own credibility, who is Lieberman to take up the Muscle and try to gag Bush's critics, who has hated Joen Fox News team that turns dissent into treason. We're supposed to be a democracy where the citizens have the presence of service to educate the president's credibility with the nation's securities a marquial notion. As citizens were not obliged to salute the commander and chief and when Bush discredits this country with emleagle war and with torture, there is no reason to watch the letter to salute him. Hey, salute. Don Corriot. Force to start with Josh, he's the honest lawyer, why not that it's a big deal. I mean, if he wants to turn around, go back home, Schumerger would like to be in confrontational till to a con. Oh, with. He's got nothing much going on there. Here's the schedule for next week. Let's see if it's right. Comparative lander. Oh, my god. Kimba on Tuesday. But that's really something. I'd like to follow that George. All right. This is working on Tuesday. And Josh is going to be in Seattle on vacation all this way. I think he's just practicing up for vacation next week. Always good idea. Get him his graduate. This is 5.62. Rock and roll historians, sticking in the child with home of Jim Morrison, recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer, no one knew existed. And now you can experience our Jim Morrison Christmas. Santa's on the road. Who not heard the rain, dear. Who he's coming down the floor. He's got some good for you. Santa's on the road. Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melon-cowly sounds of one of the most depressing artists in Rock history. The just-not-grossed in all the family of those days, way and all of high as a crowd. The family of five. It's the lizard kid. At his most fast. A Jim Morrison Christmas. Word takes a hit of freedom, give one to me. Play a ball, one night when they come see out me. A Jim Morrison Christmas. It's the CV to prove that you'll die season is still alive, even to you. 1047. He's alive all right. He's got a little waxy build up. He's looking just fine. We got 800 and some on votes on the full already. We're going to have a thousand before you even know it before Josh shows up. 870. Okay. Now somebody says, let's see. Well, in fact, we got two on these four language movies to do at that. I put four in films on there. Four in films. Somebody says today's poll would be incomplete without including the New Yorker magazine. Well, there may occasionally be good article in there. There are anyone who actually picked up the magazine and tempted to read it. If this rag is on your coffee table, you're a sued. And they also say, in PR, which George would say great exception. Great. They have a good point. I mean, I listen to the news in the morning, but the rest of their programming is for sure about jazz. Really, McCain? Oh, be damned. No, the bad stuff. They let him out yet. NPR, okay. Let's get that on our PBS. No question about it. They got a couple of good things on it. But they don't really speak in its cock-a man. Are they kind of the same entity? Can we just put NPR slash PBS since one is TV and radio? No. Okay. All those. We'll see the more selections you put on there. And more of these people feel like I've got to choose from. Okay. And then where they sit and scratch their heads kind of like a Dali-Massey. Kirby and Susia, as I haven't ever seen it, so I can't comment. Anybody seen it? I've seen it. It can be funny, but it's a little bit richy. Poker brainwatch. Microeachy? Well, what are you guys? You would not like it. Oh. Because it's the co-producer of the sign-felt show is the guy. Oh my god. Well, in that case, if they see him cranes, fat. 870 votes and we already got four and tons of votes. We already. NPR commands in. Nobody's going to go on the shining doesn't have any. Because probably this audience likes the shining. Oh, you guys just didn't understand it. It was a great movie. There was a couple things to like, but it was a very shiny. It was a bit much. It was a little long. It had some suit isn't it? Oh yeah. I guess, we must have been way over my stupid answer. I'll say that. 560560 might take a few calls today. Maybe not. 560 may Verizon singular wireless line. Who am? Hello. Hey man, the mind. Yes, sir. One is the is. How about there? Well, you're in Buckley for the. We have buckley as a magnificent choice. He's still alive. What a shame. I don't know. I picked it up. Okay. Give me a new phone. Well, you're not buckley. He's still alive. Although we don't see him too much anymore. So there's something to be thankful for during the holidays. Is that we don't see too much of William L. I don't like the elderly. William Buckley. Have you heard of that? I said, I hope it's still the right. How would you spell it? BUCKLE? Why? How else would you spell buckley? Just like that. I see. Maybe put the F in the wrong place. That would be your style. I was thinking that. 560 pound 560 may Verizon singular wireless line. We loved the panther. They lost 6 to 2 out of the course last night. It was sleeping. Any missed the broadcast. I'm sure was a. Synthetating broadcast again here on QOM. I'll say one more thing to about those clips that we keep playing with Gully. I don't know who's engineering those games. But it sounds like he's in a broom closet. The crowd noise is not on fire. Now, now, please. The crowd noise is like, like, it's often the distance somewhere. And he sounds like he's in a barrel in the middle of here. It's often a distance somewhere. No, seriously. There's something wrong with the whole thing there. I don't get it. Very unhockey-like to me. It doesn't sound like somebody broadcasting a hockey game. I just. Anyway, that's us though. That's just marketing. It fits in with the thing with the slot machines. It fits in with the Jimmy Stiffleus there on the Dolphin game. It fits in with everything. It's just the land of mediocrity, man. There to me. Remember a Glen Turner dare to be great? No. The guy with a hair lift. Yes, you do. The guy with a hair lift. I had that pyramid scan going dare to be great. That's a long time ago. But I only know that hair-early, man. And we have a set of something called dare to be mediocre. I think that, what's his name? Joel Feinberg. Oh, there's over no relation to Dick by the way. There's already started that. Joel Feinberg. Dare to be mediocre. In fact, I dare you to be mediocre, Joel. You got a long way to go to get up to that standard. You are so submediocerous in burasing. And by the way, that publicity stunt that I didn't work at all. Didn't help a lick. WQAM, hello. Oh, line one is malfunctioning. Mark that down is still out of order. WQAM, hello. Right there. QAM, hello. Hey, Nily. I was listening to you yesterday and I happened to listen to about five minutes of the game. And you're Reverend Jones is calling him now trying to stir up crap. Saying, hey, how come you put up with that guy before you went on your engine? So, yeah. It was funny because he turned around and there's a skill that you guys played at. Book of Brian has some guy call from say, hey, this is a support. Well, radio is known on call no the stuff. That's what it's sound like. Because you're trying to get a motor start with you. It's funny though. And you go, he used to be the initial RJ to get on the air. So, mugro, though, RJ. What's up? And then, percita from there. And you're not pretty, he's going to upset you and call a motor Frankenstar. Yeah. So, but anyway. And so, what was the response? What was his response? I'll tell you what he was pretty cold out of him. I'll say he said, you know, that's more important thing to worry about. Like, looking at yourself in the mirror in the morning and knowing you're still there. You know, but you really didn't let him get under his skin. How's that? Look for you all the more. I told you it's the holiday season in the world man is, see, there we got a bunch of O-Shop provocative tours. What did I tell you about that? Oh, I'll let Reverend Jones say you like so much. But I always try to tell you about him. You all listen to me. You're just a hard-a-hand. He's an O-Shop provocative tour. Yeah, totally. I already knew that. Just to like to stir it up. You like to smoke and he likes to stir it. Maybe you can pick the seeds out and the stems out for you. I got somebody to do that. No, I see. Good. Five six houses are Joshua, by the way. See his ass yet? Nope. I heard he's in there with Duff getting spanked. I'm going to eat his food from Chile. From a, well, Chile's part of it. From the house. Yeah. Well, go ahead. You guys just eat his food. He's probably, if he was drunk his eye, I think he was last night. He's not going to want to eat no food anyways. Probably all hung over. I'm sure he's not really wearing your food. Probably eaten white bread now. Probably eaten wonder bread. The soak-up all the acid you get from that hangover. You know, that's the way to do it. When you get a really bad drunk, either a couple of pieces of wonder bread. Then you'll keep your guts out and clean all that swirl out of your crackers. Yeah, it'll make your crackers all right. All you crackers out there just don't begin drunk. I'm seeing a pattern developing here now. This is just not good. This is the slap in the face you get after I walked in. Then you're got put in the morning of the day on whatever day that was Tuesday. So I can get that FedEx delivered there at Tinkestinko Kinko's. And what do I get in response? I get a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, you know, you get the shaft. Not to want that. It should have started to me. Well, he's going to give you the shaft. Well, I didn't buy. That's a little bit more Cuban, but. Dirty, I was saying he had a little shaft in here. 567.0560 pound five 60 leave a rise in in the singular wireless lines. W Q A M Hello. Hey, no, I know, probably pretty good. Palli, what are you guys? I, I know my swim, but listen, again I didn't give you like the half of the story. You're, you're a big topic on most show. You know, it's got nothing better to talk about. But you know, when you guys do like segway, like you see, who's coming up next or whatever. And he's like, oh, yeah, he's calling you. He's calling you. He's like, oh yeah, he's calling you stale Rogers. I thought it was in pretty poor taste. Mm-hmm. But he's, uh, he copies your show and everything. Man, he does polls that aren't even relevant to sports or anything. I don't even get it. He's doing polls now? Yeah, he does. Next thing I would be smoking pink cigars. 560, 560. I don't look. I don't look. People are like kids in a sandbox, okay? I don't need any spy reports about Mo. And he's this, he's not going to change. He is what he is, okay? He's human crap on two legs or some human. What? He's just crap on two legs. That's all. He's never going to change. He's a mean spirit old coot. And that's it. And he's fun having it around because he's like, uh, he's not even on to the end. Notice who you have Kurdish today. What's that all about? I don't know. We must be traveling somewhere to broadcast in the one silliest ball games this week. And it's something like that. Right. Sure, all puts out in northeast where he's going to wind up with a foot of snow. Maybe he was party with Josh. And that could be it. They could have been out together last night. Plotting. That makes sense. Yeah, like on family feud, remember they've family used to plot the island squat there. But remember, someone cut the cheese. You could always tell it. Nice to see. Look at Richard Dawson's face when the family's raw squat and like that. Yeah. That's the position to hold for too long. Figure that cheese business. I got three-cented candles going in here. And I haven't even started on my chile yet. Well, that's a good anticipatory move, okay? When you know you're going to be like fouling up the ear. It's always good to like a bunch of candles. Get out the, uh, that's sent in four-wheel spray, you know? He's on say by the way. Who is that? Howard. Well, my schedule says Curtis two to four. Oh, that's how with your schedule. Yeah, I'm got to do this right now. Oh, so if you, well, I said it to typo. If he would quit wasting his time making his stupid and phone calls threatening everybody, well, don't talk about it. Yeah, carrots flow out your ass. Tell Greg to get a life. Do some constructive. Go run away. Go get a date with mobile mic. Now what are we doing? We got, uh, mobile on here two to four. I asked you a lot better about that. And I come on bad mouth as well. I don't give a cramp what he does. How do you like that? Who cares? All I know is we promote everybody. We got Motu to Fo, mad dog four to seven and hooters to round. We got the big, oh, is back on again. And back here, I burr a kuda something. What is that? A bar for? Burr a kuda? Where is it? In the grope. Burr a kuda in the grove. I'm gonna see a burr a kuda in the grove. Is it pronounced bar? A kuda? Yeah. Uh, and can't, can't, can't, can't, can't, can't, can't. Oh, man. You better start to hear that chilling man, uh, because it's already, I can't. The way is right out. This, face me love. Rogers, this will be a so-called 16, 18. And this is the Neil Rogers show. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is a boy. This is a boy. This is a boy. Any questions? What the? This is a viewer. Welcome to the show. It's place president Cheney. This is due just a year ago. He is exactly the leader we meet for these times, and we meet him for four more years. How did George get re-elected anyhow? Got his job because he's a charming, sexy good-looking and as great-are. You and George are feuding. How come? The president lies in the American team. And the thing about the WMDs? It is a lie. When's the last time you w lie? Just this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man, because he's son-in-so-bass. It's a very least. We have a right to know what he is saying. Nick, I got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you backstage. I admit it that they're chaining and asking. Oh, here's George now. It's chaining. But it's in the face of a Muslim. It is a lie. It's a slump. It's a slump. It's a stranger. It's 111. Hubs turn your microphone. I just said that without the microphone. How do you like that? We're doing all done. I wonder if it's a mobile mic. Eight hundred ninety nine. But George is eating his food. He's eating Josh's food. He's eating Miguel's food. He's just picking out. And what about why not? It's really nice. It would be good on some spaghetti. If it's really nice, chili mac. No, no, no. What's that place? What's the place? Skyline chili. They're still around. The only thing I don't like about there. Well, M.A. is just going to bat experience. But I don't think so. I think there are chili mac, which is the chili on the spaghetti. It's a little on the water we saw. Oh, I can't. You know what I mean by that? I do. I don't like water. Oh, you got me going out for some scatty with meat sauce. Well, when is what I need it, boy? Well, there you go. You know, they'll get all that meat soup. He thought he was having like a bad cold. But it's just, he says, this is a nasty thing I got. But it's not. It's getting everything out. Mensa. This is a good fact from Paul and Miguel. He said the ultimate suit of intellectual, even for your full men's. Ma, ma, me. It's a men's. Talk about a suffocating as in a bunch of twitch post. Hey, then, Paul, you happen to be. I'm sorry. You got your thumb right on it, Paul. We got 899 votes. Anything or someone that is strictly for suit of intellectuals. Hey, we got a good bunch of choices on here if you ask me. Cavalier, 146. Oh, if it's good enough for McDonald's, it's good enough for us. And maybe Jewelie Roman too. At least they're less far-business than he is. Those Orthodox Jews, man. Look out. Dennis Miller, 134, poetry 85. How about reading a nice poem? They're they good. There was a lady from Wheeling. Hello, Amy. Classical music 78. J. 66. How's the Joshua by the way, is he getting there yet? I don't know. I don't take up an office pool. You got up any K on the phone. See what the odds are. He's going to show it all. They Josh, your food is getting cold. And yeah, you're going to get cold. And by the way, George says, it won't be as good a second time. J. 67. That's a classical music 78. Maybe not. Chess 48. Suci 46. Paris 37. I don't like Paris. Now, I'm not going back. That's a big care. But I just want to go back. Some beautiful things to see there, but there's too many French people. J. 35. Vaccarot 33. What is that plane in the midway in Chicago? And that little kid still did. 10 people injured, 200 plane. And they made, you know, I'm in granted. It was a bad thing. It was somebody got killed. But they made such a serious about this last night. You would've thought that like a whole bunch of people got killed. It was like a major. I guess nothing else was going on, right? Nothing. Must have been. Vaccarot 33. They've Matthews van 31. Bridge 17. How about the bridge tender? You ever had like those chicken tenders? How about those bridge tenders? Well, if you pound on it enough. Line 11. Poppiction 11. Blair Witch Project 8. Foreign Films 7. 2001 Space Odyssey 7. William Fuckley 6. Steady Dan 5. They're out of gas. The New Yorker magazine 3. Pink Floyd 3. NPR 2. Kirby enthusiasm on Volvo's one. Is that Volvo? How do you say it? Volvo. Lannanza and PBS and the shining so far 944 votes got. Oh, none. 944 to go. Do you have any QAM hello? No. Yes sir. Yeah, I stole that conversion fan from that fat man and meet all the groceries. You know, okay. Do you have any QAM hello? Do you remember? I think it was a year. I thought we had a dark George Bruce in the Senate of the Union. When he kissed your leader in? He kissed him? Yeah, he kissed him. I don't know. He's my son. He's a oh my god. He has done it to slow out of a threat. No, okay. I'll tell you. How many do I am hello? I'm okay. Okay. I heard it's like being stuck in quicksand. Yeah, it's like being lit in a cesspool. Can you ask me this? I don't question. What do you think when the no-casual dies was going to happen before? Are we thinking they're all really going to go back? No chance. I think there's about as much chance that those people you're talking about bailing out as there is a Greg Reed leaving QAM. I think there's no chance. Really? Yeah. Damn it. Yeah, I think the Marlon's got a better chance to leave. Everybody's all well. We're all leaving. All these rumors running around the streets. It's getting really old, you know. I just am not big enough people if he's threatening to leave. I'm quitting. I'm leaving all these all this crap. We're going back to Cuba. I'm the great. Well, pack your media notes and take me away by the way. He's never been there. He's obsessed with it, but he's never been there. I think you love the hotels. The hotels there are just phenomenal. I think in fact, let's have an election to give Casino gambling in Cuba. All right. In fact, you can come on up here and just don't even have to leave the airport. Just hop on another plane and you fly from here to Cuba. There's plenty of flights to leave an all day every day. Right from a person international where that their France, the jet went off the edge of the runway not too many months ago. Well, we can go for Mexico, can't we? You can? I think so. Well, there you go. Or at least from Colombia. Or you have it. What the next day? And no question from Venezuela. Because you go to Venezuela as in federal or good. There are bunk bub buddies now. It's right. They part of you go to Caracas. You can hop on a plane. You wouldn't like Caracas too much though. Maybe they've changed it. But the airport there is like a paramilitary operation. It's just not nice. All we're going to have snow like they end the world in New York. And of course in Buffalo. Wow. It is just unbelievable as what it is. And we got our snow. In fact, there's still here's nothing already. We had a half inch overnight. In fact, I'm looking down right now and see in a half an inch. Out the window that is. And there's not much. It's the melted off the streets already. There's a lot on the sidewalk and on the rooftops. And it's going to melt because the sun is shining brightly. It's a toasty 27 or 8 degrees already. What's not to like, huh? Right? Right? When Charles all went to monitor. That'll teach you a court is okay. If he ever shows up, I don't think he's coming in. I could feel a tub with this chilling just. I don't think he's coming in. Oh, I think he's just a hose and you. I think he's just giving you a solid answer. Keep you on a hook and then you'll find a car. About 12 30 and say, well, you know, I even bother to come by the time I get there to show. Be over anyway. No, no. The L.T. Hogi that he ordered Miguel is really good. Yeah, that's right. The food he ordered, Josh was sensational. And the guys are really enjoying it. Big time too bad you could have enjoyed it. But then again, you probably took your guts out from it anyway. See, this is not a good idea. You start taking our people and sending them out to, it would be like, send them George to a coffee house. Okay? And I'm talking about an Amsterdam style coffee house. We wouldn't see it with the wrong one. But yeah. And we're going to let, I thought, I thought this article was, it's the headline is US Life expectancy. It's all time high. And when it saw all time high, I thought, well, as usual, I'm going to hit myself. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Still Roger show. Hello. WDQAM Hello. George Rodriguez show for your poll. WDQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? I'm trying to talk like this with phony voices. How's that? Yes, sir. Click. Well, you got Ed McMan on there. No, that was not clicked. It was like a call waiting click. Wasn't it? No, I think it was hanging up click. No, it was not. Okay. I got news for you. Well, you know about these calls. They're a particular symbol. Have room for Phadels fan asked left over in there. WDQAM Hello. Oh, come here. Yes, sir. Hey, I got one for the poll. How about these, these idiots who wrap sweaters around their neck. And go to archiv. Archivos. Yeah, we'll do archivos. All right. Hey. You didn't think about the BDL calling Java. Yes, right. We have a Zina. We're all in today because the stories two days old. We talked about it. Oh, thanks. You're the best. Okay. I am. He said that you had a Phad. Ask Governor. Let's see what my material. I'm going to start using that to steal Roger show. I got news for you old man when you've been doing 30 years. Not 30 minutes. Nothing is new. Okay. Including your piece. That old smelly piece that George Washington, the WDQ. God. How do they have to spray that today? Like you do with food powder? You know, to keep the powdered, powdered? Yeah, they do. You know, they have a cone that you see. People are going to take a powder. What do you think? Maybe a BC powder would be good. BC powder, by the way, is for Rednex. Yeah. Which I'm going to start to mention that. I mean, most people will take like aspirin or, um, right, aspirin, Tylenol or, um, something like that. Alcalcissus. But in the sense, you got to take a BC powder, man, for Rednex, and it's for Rednex. It works fast. Yeah. WDQ, I am. Hello. But BDL, my BST. WDQ, I am. Hello. Good morning, sir. Good morning, sir. Good morning, sir. Good morning, sir. Oh, it's good morning. I'm sorry. It won't timezone. This is how you do it. Oh, good. Good. God. Yeah. That's for you, no. Oh, my God. And no wonder we've been in such a good mood. It's been ancient times since we are long times since we are from that loser. Hey, Woody. I have no line. Yeah, we know. Wow. Not Woody Graber. It is another chronic. What are the Alzheimer's, not just chronic. I was driving out and a guy in the car pulls alongside on her she eyed with air. And he will tell us what. Oh, hi, Neon. It's Woody. At that point, see, that was me. We had the October one loss. I'm going to set up for a couple of threatened at that point. We've been kind of tremendous service. Everybody read them up the road. Yeah. Woody, my ass. 560, 50560, pound, five60. The mystery continues. Will judge court to show off for his work today as he like in the bag. Let's start off with. What time did he call you? We called him. Were you called him? This morning, what time did he call me to come in? No, no. I'm talking about you see, it's a little while ago. You said I just talked to him. He's coming in. He's on the way. Then you said that. I didn't even have any minutes to go. Yeah. Then where was he then? I don't know. He's finally here. I think he's calling from the sack. He's in the. Thank you, Eric. I'm going to put him up with this. I haven't behavior. And I sure hope he gave Eric the heads up on who's going to who's on first and whatever. Because I don't want to be putting all of them stories up there this weekend. And then find it not on there. Look at that. A new loafer, Lee, Roman is the most red story so far and rightfully so. Okay. That's you, Lee, Roman. He's the anti-Christ. Okay. And he got to wash around with that. It went all of the trackies on there. And at the, the Mazza, the Mazza, the R.P. And the to fill in and the pay us and all that crap and the chicken up. Packs on him, man. A Packs on lips now. Can't stand him in under is that the Miss Limbaugh. Plan for how to communicate. That I'm not that I'm not. And she's not like the guardman for just a second. You know what I'm going to be for this hour. And we've got a thousand votes. 8 9 28 9 28. That's really great. That's a really great. That pretty good. K. Then start this thing. They'll set it a clock last night. There's probably some other suits. The shining doesn't have any votes. I think we pissed them off with that. Not that I care. But I think they like the shining. Because they like Jack Nichols and so much. You know something that's a good poll for someday. Well, I'll movie you convinced yourself you like because one of your favorite actors or actresses within him. Even though the movie sucked. That's kind of a lot. That's kind of a long question. But you see where I'm going with that? Yeah. But movie that you convinced yourself was really good because you love Jack Nichols in or you love and fill in the blank where it is. And the movie sucked. That's a prime example. I'm trying to think of any examples. Red rums. Red rums. Red rums. I mean, I know movies I like because some trick gets naked in the movies. Well, that's a wrong one. That's right. Monkeys who's balls all that happen to be a very good movie with a lot. And I'm not a separable ending. But it was a good movie. No, like something like Blue Lagoon even though that wasn't really her. Well, Blue Lagoon. It was not really broke. No. But it was the other one was in the door was the one in paradise. Me la jove of it. Me la jove of it. Paradise. I think of Blue Lagoon too paradise with Phoebe Cates. Oh, excuse me Phoebe Cates. You was kind of boy. I got a wish which was really her. It was her. Here's the trivia because they offered to us like taper hair down on her. I thought it was a larger breast than she did. What is it? On in that movie they offered to tape Phoebe Cates hair down over her boobs. So that the wind wouldn't blow out of the way. She's yeah. Get out of here with that. So you go Phoebe. We appreciate that. I see. What did he just say that wind would want to when he's a sentence. He said hi. Josh. Oh, Josh. Did you show it up, huh? He did. Well, I'll be damned now. Were you American such a big deal about I told you to be there. How does he look hung over? He always looks hung over. He always looks hung over. He always is. He just bags and then bags like the whole meal Roger. This is 5. 16. 8. Why the you breasted? Good. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 9. 8. 8. 9. 9. 8. 8. 8. 9. 9. 9. 8. 8. 7. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. 7. 7. 9. 7. 9. 7. 9. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. 8. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes. O, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, эту artist The See Is Borsstein Excuse me, but I do believe that's that's it. Oh whoever put an effort and I strip you in that not but that's okay It was a nice pregnant husband. It was fine 20 past 11 it's kind of fitting with the ambiance of the whole thing I got another one for the poll that we could not possibly have left off his long opera Oh yeah, he was opera thinking that I don't opera opera Let's go to the opera. What kind of people go to the opera? I guess I asked you Really? Yeah, I see Well welcome to Josh for I show an opportunity 11 twice not too bad. Yeah, I missed the first hour You know, yeah, but I'm leaving us too much nothing nothing exciting happened We go with the live rip and you would ask Offier of course, but nevertheless that's okay. We're not in god drunk last night and what's the bulletin about that? It's just life is a punk You know, you have to get to study your system. Another 10 15 years no problem. Well, I had a remotion then I got drunk I see oh in other words not at the promotion after the promotion. Well, I don't drink while I work. Oh, I see Well, that's Doug Thompson who writes the rant for the capital hill blue. He's the father and publisher of one of the best websites You'll ever read Bush on the Constitution. It's just a gd piece of paper. I got to do more Substitution awards in this thing because he's just a potty mouth and that's why I like him Tells it like it is old Doug He says last month Republican congressional leaders filled a file that the overlofe is to meet with president Bush and talk about renewing the controversial USA Patriot act Several provisions of the act passed in the shell shock period immediately following 9 11 caused enough anger that Liberal groups like the ACAU had joined forces with prominent conservatives like Philishuflai and Bob Barr to oppose renewal GOP leaders told Bush that his hardcore pushed renew the more honest provisions of the echo further alienate conservatives Still matter the president from his boss to temporarily what house council Harry admirers to the supreme court I don't give a gd Bush return on the president the commander received do it my way Mr. President one aiding the meeting said there is a valid case that the provisions of this law undermine the Constitution Stop throwing the Constitution in my face for screen back. It's just a gd piece of paper I've talked to three people president at the for the meeting bed. They all confirm that the president of the US called the Constitution a gd piece of paper And for the Bush administration the Constitution of the United States is a little more than toilet paper Stain from all the Schmidt that this group of power my dismissive dumps on the freedoms that gd piece of paper used to guarantee Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez while still by house council wrote that the Constitution is an outdated document Put aside for a moment political affiliation or personal beliefs it doesn't matter if you democrat Republican independent It doesn't matter if you support the invasion of Iraq or not despite our differences the Constitution is stood for two centuries as the defining document of our government The final source of determine in the end of something is legal or right Every federal official including the president takes an oath of office where he's to uphold and defend the Constitution of the USA Supreme Court just as Antonin Scalia says he even he cringes even when you gotta go to him An Nazi like him he cringes when someone calls the Constitution a living document Oh, how I hate the phrase we have a living documents. Scalia says we now have a Constitution that means whatever we wanted to mean The Constitution is not living organism for pizza As a judge Scalia says I don't have to prove that the Constitution is perfect. I just have to prove that it's better than anything else President Bush's proposed seven amendments to the Constitution over the last five years including a controversial Amendment to define marriages a union between a man and a woman Members of Congress have proposed some 11,000 amendments over the last decade ranging from repeal of the right to bear arms to a constitutional ban on abortion Scalia says the danger of tinkering with the Constitution coming from a loss of rights We can take away rights. This is regret new ones. He warms don't think it's a one-way street And don't buy the White House. I have to do you want say patriot acts is necessary to vilety terrorism It's a dangerous law that infringes on the rights of every American citizen and is one brave a total president Bush Something that undermines the Constitution in the United States, but why should Bush care after all the Constitution is just a G.D. piece of paper. I'd like that. Huh G.D. is in Josh Dang All be damned and I'm sure I will be 560505060 pound five 60-lay Verizon and singer wire the slide how about those Panthers? Let's see the Panthers plan to get us weekend. I sure hope not. Oh yeah, they've oh oh tomorrow at the LA Kings that could be ugly About the suddenly rejuvenated this season LA Kings 962 I told it would be over a thousand by noon today on our Friday, no less when you think that a lot of people already are like Off to the races for the holidays That's a get in that way I don't think so I know Josh has bailed on us for a Seattle Well deserve we thought maybe you took that trek and you blew it all the Indian The slots the slots last night Not I got a good line for that but you wish you could very upset yeah five six seven 560 pound five six in a Verizon singular wireless line WQAM hello Hey Neil. I guess you're going for your polter yeah Inside the actress studio with the pompous James Lipton Okay, thank you Inside the actor studio we ever seen that yeah, so one he's a real suit James looked in all I do like his iced tea Got some right here. Do you really yeah good to wash down? I didn't you leave any of Josh probably is not meeting with anyone One thing we did not eat his food Well why not white boger's in it Fine, he might enjoy that might flavor it up a little special that you can't tell him the chili You really can't tell the chilies maybe in the beans in that ground meat Oh he could he got the LTs for the beastens for bogeys. I see bogey don't bogey that they're joint now 965 on the pole like I said we're gonna just just phenomenal numbers on this thing and Joel the five burgers tearing his guts out turn out his kiss He's I guess the publicity stud didn't work okay Maybe we'll have to have Sid walk out again this time not come back 15 The high standards of broadcasters in the tradition of Edward on the road scene at now 568 w q a m presents now see here with no how we David I just know how it ended I'll say here Got a new gig in and if I had so choose to stay I will change the face of whatever that is too now see here who did more for radio New rushes or hoi boscary innocent Boss grandness it that's who a one thing he was the mayor of boarding waiting and I've picked smoke and he ain't no man Why boy boscary innocent saying nice Hey I Aren't you I sure that they're not то new signature they just said we're reaching songs about there Going underano very, and in a back of the one and he writes in a nil singsam now. Yeah, no He's honey but real men don't seem And another that the Baskar windows for the fact it needed to that day We'll make the victims. I'll make them. On the next installment of... How's he here? Who made a better cup of coffee? Mrs. Olsen? Or Jackie Hea Robinson? Damn, I... How's he me here next time for a mowing dignity? On... How's he here? Not there over here. Good Lord. Don't forget to apply to staff no-mo continues his ongoing battle and has never ending fight with human race. 1132 a QAM must see what we got here. Team of scientists maps out 99% of dog genome. See if there was a god, I'll tell you right now, dogs would live the same life span as humans. Yeah. Will you agree with that? I do it to damn shame. I mean, you know, you get a dog and you get attached to it and you're raising it and you're training it and you're potty and you're breaking it hopefully and all these things and you get attached to them dies. Right. And we have a puttersleep even worse. And paratlive for like over a hundred years, those of... Paratlive? Paratlive? Well, your parents sometimes them too. Nattle-imperants of both of them too long. 90 and 91. Oh, geez. Paratlive for a hundred years? Yeah. Some of them, those big, like, macaws and stuff and after you're... How does that happen? I thought small animals had, you know, short life spans. Is that right? General, uh, way of it? You would think so. Right. But no, no. Because small animals have like little tiny hearts that beat real fast. And of course, uh, went it down and we're just right out. Right. What the thing with dogs? I don't know. I guess not really because, uh... No, that's not true because little dogs live a lot longer than big dogs. I know, so I don't... I don't get it. I see. Maybe small is good. I'll keep saying that. Scientists have finished a sophisticated map of a dog of genes, providing new insights into the deep links between humans and one of their most treasured animals, as well as creating a unique tool for studying range of diseases from cancer to blindness that affects people and their dogs. And let's see. First of all, the thing that there's a line in here, I see. Now get to it. About evolution. We'll get it in fact. Oh no, you're not going to do that. I also think you're going to be not going to tell you the design again. You bastard. Yeah, ignore design. A two of the scientists led by the broad institute of Harvard and MIT, determined virtually the entire genetic code or genome of the dog, making the achievements that came on equivalent of a completion three years ago the human genome project, the scientists said yesterday, rough drafts of the dog genome have been released over the past several years, but the new work represents the first highly accurate version, and also includes for the first time a detailed library of common genetic variation seen in dogs, making possible new generation of fast, accurate genetic studies of diseases and other traits. Myologists have taken up the genetics of many animals, but the dog is uniquely interesting and useful to scientists, said because of its history. The modern dog, including several hundred breeds, is the product of thousands of years of careful breeding and to try and out specifically, Haydrich such as the obsessive hurting of the border colleague, or appearances such as the Heralus Chinese Crested. I don't think ever saw one of these. Did you? None. I know. We could always look at that. Chinese are Heralus, though. I applied the modern tools in genetics to these breeds. It's now easy to find a small genetic variation to be responsible for the differences with applications from dog breeding to human psychiatry. The genetic map of the dog announced yesterday should also accelerate the search for the genetic cause of diseases that take certain breeds, perhaps they may cure its redog and manalike. It's a historic day in the relationship between a man and dog, and an Eric Lander, at a press conference, is a pug and an acquita, tussled in the back of the room, at the base side exposition center, where a dog was dog show was being set up. Lander was directly brought in two-none of two golden retrievers, all man with excellent taste. Scientists said the dog also stands as a testament to the power of evolution and its importance at a time when some are challenging its teaching in public schools. Did you have a lot of money with this paragraph again? Scientists said the dog also stands as testament to the power of evolution and its importance, and it's time when some are challenging its teaching in public schools. Looking for the genetic causes of human diseases and dogs makes sense. Only if humans and dogs are close evolutionary relatives that share a common ancestor, a fact that is strongly supported by the genetic map that Lander and his colleagues found. Biomedical research today depends on evolution said Lander. It's hard to say that evolution is just a theory. Tell you what, Sam. I don't like it at the moment of the dog. Oh look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Oh man. Sondishian and man. Let's see. Let's see if it's toasty. Whether you got to like 28 or not. Sondishian and that snow is melting. What a shame. What a good break. Uh, I didn't see enough snow to talk about. Mine is 3. What is that? Like 28? I'll take your word. 26. 26 is zooming out there. Man's going to be really toasty to a high of zero today. The big 32. Fair and height. What's not to like? A University of Kansas professor who do criticism for EMELC road to writing Christian fundamentalist over creationism. Remember we talked about him? Mama Recky? As resigned as chairman of the Department of Religious Studies. Mama Recky stepped aside on recommendation of his colleagues according to Barbara Ramsek, interim dean of College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of Kansas. Contacted by the AP, a Recky declared a comment about his assistant. He said, and only saying he was still member of the University faculty and trying to continue teaching. Recky had finally teach a course in the spring that exam and creationism and sales and design after the State Board of Education adopted science standards. Teaching evolution is a flawed theory. It's a comedy, pink open spheracy. Okay. To try to like, uh, integrate the Lord. It's an anti-Christian movement. I had one of those this morning's matter of fact. I had two. Originally called special topics in religion and intelligent design creationism and other religious methodologies. Of course, it was canceled last week and Marquise requested. Part of the reason of course he was getting death threats. A reason isn't this a guy? Is this the one that got beat up or is that another one? Different. Well, now this is not a guy. It is. A reason email from Recky to members of a student organization referred to religious conservators as fundees. And said, of course, describing intelligent design as mythology would be a nice slap in their big fat face. Marquy apologized for those comments. Later, other emails written by Marquy, the surface redeemed, repugnant and vile by Chancellor Robert Henanway for their views toward Catholics and other Christians. On Monday, Marquy was treated at Lawrence Hospital for Head injuries. After he said he was beaten by two men on a country road. He said the two men referred to the creationism course. Law enforcement officials are still investigating. Marquy joined the university in the 89s and expert in the ancient Mediterranean cultures, languages, and religions. They all had their third details all throughout history. Every culture, they all made up their own stories, their own bubble mice's man. And the God did this and my God is better in your God also the crap. And you people are still supporting it, man. Here we are to your 2005 and more alive and you people are still a little like in the Stone Age. Just look at Josh there. He's in the Stone Age. You can see that. What are we going to do? Who's going to get you that liver when you need it? What do you mean? I drank responsibly. I'm a new commander. Drink responsibly. You said you got drunk after your appearance last day. You said you got you got pie-faced drunk and you're going to do that. Bags under your eyes bigger than Maria Bartaroma. I probably do, but last time I checked out. Nobody could have bangs up bigger than Maria Bartaroma. The Pope. Now the Pope. Yeah. Almost easily. The Pope, the Nazi Pope. The Pope says by the way, but a bit, but a bit, but a bit about. This is how the Vatican Bank there going. That's what he says. 985 votes. We'll slide past a thousand before the big hand. It's a little hand like a knife through butter. As somebody we know would say, you know who says that? Butter. Yeah. Boy, she, boy, talk about luck. Sugar and luck. And butter and luck. Sugar and butter. And... Peter? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I don't know if I can tell this story or not. I guess I can. Because that was his name. Well, I was a program director and sir, sir, I sold a W.S.P.B. which is now something else. Of course, I hear everything else on A.M. 70.3. And we had a guy in the year. His name was Peter Johns. Talk about a suit when Alexa will the very deep voice. And he was the ultimate suit. Peter Johns. Okay. And we had a guy in the midday. Who was there in the afternoon. Who was named with Lowell Schumacher. We called him the old turkey buzzer. Because he looked like one. He was a funny guy. Good guy. Had one of those next. And he was always burdened stuff out on the year. He was probably going to line up like we do. You know, like a stale needle and isn't that. And he was running Peter Johns in the morning. Next morning. He said, you know, Peter Johns six to ten. Peter in the morning and fever all night. Cute. Yeah. Well, this was 1973. Oh, wow. You just don't dance and even go there. You mean in those days when you could say stuff. Peggy. Yeah. You can't even say that. And Peggy would have never respect that. And our general manager was Sticky Lansing. Snicky. His name was Cliff Lansing. And we used to call him Sticky Lansing. Well, you don't know your hit parade, Mr. You don't know your old time TV. Why don't you get your buddy Boca chicken at Brian? He's like, uh, uh, he's got our last encounter explaining her boss granders. And to me so that I could appreciate that. No, no, no, no. That's just that. Well, that was his theme song. He's the sing. Hello. And he was horrible. But he was the morning mayor of New York. And WABC for about 100 years. But anyway, he healed by his son of those old DVDs. I like the howdy duty shows like he sent me and all those old stale shows that they're still sitting in the room by the way. And I'll never watch him. But thanks a lot. Tick a neck. Oh, and I got to start worried about taking care of him too. Man, oh, man. I better demand a raise. Dreg up more for a for an old fag that's like unattached. I got more dependent school knowledge. It's scary when you come right down. You know, it's a scary. Including the two of you guys. Yeah. Well, of course, we got Josh is getting a big raise. And I think when he comes back from Seattle, he's got that surprise that TV for you. Is that right? You don't have that. I'll set for George. I heard I heard he's got a picture of a Samsung 52 inch that'll lock your eyes out. This is not the set for surprises. This is 5.16. But you as they caught me in my slides are cold. Now, before me over to a racie control, but if the Americans don't keep me safe, really, it's understoned me. One more drag is your heart. Yeah, he is your heart. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. As only they put me in the dark, I won't drop in the jail as a rat. My people can hardly wait to make me pay. Just make me take a dude who's there. Only one way to triumph over my post. Johnny Caterner, Mark Gerego's lawyer, right? Yes, take home to the racie control and answer his phone, everybody. If I sell my clothes, I stay alive. If they get to the jail as a rat. Baby, if I'm lopping, I can stop a plea. Baby, I can even see the sad thing. I've also been crazy to get into this war. It's like trying to steal Donat from Michael Moore here, right? Yeah, here is a rat. My head will solve beyond the block. And I will die in the jail as a rat. Die in the jail as a rat. A rat. I get the jail as a rat. 1147 at 5.60 W to QAM, name something or someone strictly for pseudo intellectuals. I don't think we ever did this poll before. Did we know it? About 1,000 in the line. 1,000 in the line. Aren't you impressed? Even without Johnny's there this morning. Maybe that's because you weren't there. And thank you. You ought to thank Eric personally for getting those saved in Bailey and you ran out and getting those stories on this morning. What are you talking about? Eric didn't put the stories up? No, I did. Well, I'll see there's McGele again with that. Because being a Oshaam provocative tour. He said that Eric puts the stories up. Well, if he did, they're on their twice. Well, I want to take a puke at that. Okay, let's just take a peek. I don't know if Miguel said that. I told you I told Eric to check to see if they were up. Oh, I see. Well, how did you do that? And the little chat box. No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about a Josh. How did you put the stories up? I put them up this morning. Before you left for work. Correct. I see. That's what that's. That's what the lady in the fight. If I wouldn't put so many damn stories on there, he'd have been in them probably right on time. Not. Yeah, that's where it was. That must be what I put all those stupid bedtime stories on there for crying out loud. New low for Lieberman's about 77 reads already. Well, I'll be there soon. I got that wrong. So Eric, this regard, what I said about thank you for whether you're doing whatever you did. Oh, you can start thinking about it because he's going to be doing it all next week. And you give him like the heads up and they heads down and the. I will be saying today. Yeah. Because he's a guy. I don't want to cry. I know. Michael. You know, it's Friday. So I'd call him now. You know, he's got to do a couple of days from my next week. I'm going to be a panel of. Fact will probably help them lose an ounce. Science is developing invisible diet. But what a segue. I mean, I'm it's just amazing. I am me as myself. I'm always falling into a bucket of stuff. And then you got to use a lot of that body wash. You know, I either know. I'm just I like body wash. I never would go off of it. I'm just I need something new in the setting. I think what I'm going to do this weekend is shop for body wash flavors. All right. Hey, make up your own recipe. Any suggestion? I got so many of them in there. You know, that's a bad idea. Chocolate. I got this whipped silk. It's the same eyes. You know, the same color that makes the one you like the amperca. With silk. And it's like purple. And it looks like a play. You know, the best part about the same eye. I don't understand. And in other words, in Schmer and Plato, I'm your body. It's a secret. You said other brands have this and besides saying eyes, but not all of them do. The flat tops so that when it gets down to the end, you can turn it upside down and have it all run down. You know, so you don't waste it. The flat top. Yeah. So you can turn the bottle upside down and leave it there on a ledge. Well, I see what you're saying. Not any because otherwise, like the, you know, as this has got that, that's just a thing. But you're not all just a pink one. I'm going to get real adventurous and buy the pink one. Not good for my image, but who cares? Especially here. Well, the beast says you should use warm vanilla sugar from bath and body works. Yeah. You know, a little fat, the rotundia bedclock came really into someone's sugar. That's probably why I use it. It's probably got real sugar in it. Probably because sugar rush right there in the shower, a little bit from the body and a little bit from my mouth. He's probably drinking it. He probably puts a straw in it. God, what a cow. This is picture on our website. I hope I think it's in there. Oh, man. But I hope it's like not just the head, all of that. Oh, I guess on the money, mommy beats polis department right now. Give me 40 guesses. Yeah, this is a good guess. Yeah, that's all that. Yeah. And he said, we don't want it to go to his head. And the best part of it is he's doing it for $1. Oh, man. What a guy. He's doing it for no pay a $1. Because he wants to. And last guy like that was Elvis. Remember Elvis wanted to be in the FBI and Nixon kind of humor in him there for one actually gave him like the Batman badge and the whole day like that. No. Oh, yeah. There's a lot of crazy people out there think they're Batman. Researchers are working a highway, high tech way to trick people in the desiring less fat with our dangerous side of the house. And they're working with our dangerous side effects. And an effort to curb obesity that would inject the body with manufactured non particles designed to fool the brain. You could call an invisible diet said biologists, 10 goverts in a Utah State University is really simple. This technology will help people feel satisfied with the small serving of food instead of a large helping. Are we going to play that eldest clause, don't we? Yes, you do. Gilbert's team is engineering, molecule size, nano particles made of the same fat molecules they're currently in your body. The nano particles would be geared, oh, maybe that cow come going nanonan like that nanonan. Maybe we want to say peanut butter nanosamage. The nano particles and the geared the full specific cells inside you that communicate with the brain about fat intake. Or try to trick researchers and they think they have fat when it's actually not there he's spainted. The research isn't it's early stages, but Gilbert said that he was a Gilbert or a Gilbert. He's encouraged by Hitler, by preliminary test. And he points out that nano particle treatments are already used to battle cancer and cardiovascular disease. Our bodies are taste buds are training help us get to nutrients we need Gilbert and said for instance our ability to taste sweet things. Like, oh, I shouldn't tell you what I had yesterday. Because I remember, I admitted that actually we've developed a taste forward, that's bad. See when you start liking things that you didn't like before that we're bad for you? Yeah, that's bad. Togging does, now they didn't have my little market, didn't have any banana nut. But they had douchey delacin, late to me. Oh, that's definitely is good. You owe that flavor and apology. Yeah, I want to apologize. When I did some little watery, but not too bad. That's the hog and I was thinking of the flavors, fine. So, the hog and I was making all the rice to be a little watery. Just like that chili, it's skyline chili. Or maybe they're just trying to save you time for the microwave and is that it? No, I still the same 90, nine seconds. But that's not bad stuff, man. Do you see the, what does it? Do she, the LHA? Anyway, he says for instance our ability to taste sweet things helps us identify foods with carbohydrates. Our salty taste helps us find minerals and our general aversion to bitter foods helps us avoid ingesting poisonous substances. Oh, it's bitter. There's been little research on whether we taste fat, however, Gervison's research says we do, but he will be not confined to specific taste buds as it is with sweets and salt. Oh, you know something? How about if a new which taste buds identify with sweets that could escape them off? Would it be good? Like fingerprints. All right. Now, good idea. That is a good idea. Scrape off my sweet taste buds. I think I scream in candy and I guess I don't like to need a light, like what they do with it, like paralysis, right? And zap your buds. Just yeah. Zap your buds. We found that 90% of taste buds can detect fat, but instead having a specific taste, we believe it's made of rolls and enhancing existing flavor, so Gilbert said, like an ice cream, for example. Like in Ben and Jerry's, very heavy, high fat content. Fat makes sweet foods taste more sweet and salty food more salty. Importantly, these fat receptors aren't just on the tongue, but exist throughout the body, including in the small intestine. Oh, my God, they're right there in your kishki's. When you eat fat, these receptor-sense signals to the brain. In some people, you're going to find the fat receptors that are not as sensitive to the eat more fatty foods than other people. The research now is focusing on developing fat substitutes that tricks specific sights without harming the rest of the body. Nano particles, which are small enough to slip through to some membranes, could deliver drugs that would cause certain cells to release and say, more, I've got my fellow fat hormones to the brain. A person would then presumably seek lower fat foods. Oh, see, this is what they waste by telling me. They're going to give them a little bit of fatty foods causing you to be fat that's cock on the hand. Oh, gee, probably he's getting funding from general meals or something like that. Because if you've got a Cheerios, you know, I'll make your cholesterol go down. How can they put that on the ear? They just lie and they lie? Huh? That's all part of the plot. Cheerios cause you're a cholesterol to go down. Me, a mama. You're crazy people. So I'm going to get some Cheerios flavored body wash this weekend. Just just smear yourself with it. And you get clean by your cholesterol goes down to an atase grade. I need to leave you like Cheerios. Did you? You know, it depends on what you put on it. We never did that told. Did we your favorite breakfast cereal? No, let's do that tomorrow. Why? That's like, platen, paper or a plastic, right? Captain Crunch. Frosted flakes. Ooh, there. What about Josh? I like Cheerios, I do. Do you do like Cheerios? Yeah. Do you have to put like a lot of sugar on those, though? No, I don't know. I like them the way they are on the field. It's weird. Another is like out of the box. No, like for a moment to milk. Well, who the hell wants that? Frosted flakes. You don't need no milk milk. How's milk is poisoned milk? I like that. That's like golden grains. Oh, yeah. Just give you some of those big industrial sized boxes like how gold seem used to get a frosted flakes and just much amount of the box. No milk. No, no bowl. Oh, for me. Oh, brother. He is a real piece of work. You don't have the real piece anymore, though. I need more. I ask quite accomplishment that's two people. Steve's a glur and moe that I embarrassed and to toss their pieces. That was good. Good work. Nothing worse than some clown walking around a silly troupe. We all doing that. Huh? Like Johnny Apple seed. You could be Johnny Antie weave. Yeah. Antie weave. As well as an Antie Neal. 11. 11. 11. 15. Six. QA and pop it apart. Racing and poker's got the gambling action you want. We're sorry. You think it was you guys wanted. We really feel bad about that and also they like in everybody else. But you're in Florida. What can I tell you, man? Look around and sniff the damped hills. You're in Florida. That means you're going to get the the hose. Anyway, top of the park features live harness racing in the great poker card room. Every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. We're back to poker rubbers in three minutes. And best of all, admission in parking always free at Pomp and O Park. Come root home a winner from the railroad and your poker in the smoke free card room with tournaments every day. Hey, hey, how's it going? Also, you'll find harness, turbo and high-lice. Samochastic action every day, seven days a week from tracks all across the nation. All across North America like woodbind, baby. Post time is 725. Like I said tonight and the card room opens at noon in just two and a half minutes. And also come enjoy fine dining on the sixth floor top of the park restaurant. Wednesday is dollar night at Pomp and O Park with draft beer hot dog sodas and lots more only a buck of peace. Pomp and O Park a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for more information called nine five four nine seven two two thousand where you can take a peek at their website. Pomp and O Park dot com. Card room was opened like momentarily any second now go in and plunge your guts out and racing tonight and tomorrow 725 p.m. Live racing at Pomp and O Park. This is New Roger. This is five 16. Where it be that well-dewired on WQA. All right. All right. All new baddies. Everybody look at new baddies. Not in all new new baddies. Down in Wednesday. These racing wins. Race around with the star that is the race driver that never wins. That is when it is wins. Now she here on you kids. They call this mystery. One day soon I'll win a race and I'll rock it. A day. Where the hell maybe you killed a fat kid in. I'll hold this to me and you win the race. Oh well I came in as a little bit. Well you heard your sounds the rhythm of the game. Well great dad honnily. How about a date? A day that chance. Not a new date. Call me a day. In that while you don't go out with me. You wait till snow you get the food. Well I may be slow on the street. But I show beef as our mussey. We're going to be a good day. We're going to be a good day. We're going to be a good day. Come on to a QA and we got a mole monster with two mad dogs at the hooders around us for the big ol' like Berracuda. Maybe I just go over there and get drunk before it goes on vacation for a week. 7 o'clock tonight. We got a thousand and 42 votes on a full array. It's only just barely afternoon. The big hand is just a little one. It's just sitting there. Name something or someone strictly for pseudo intellectuals. Cabala. Another bogus religion. Like all of the rest of 153. And you also don't even know what it is. How about we have done those articles on Madonna this and nothing on the table. That's why you don't want to hear it because it's a due thing. What do you think about it? I think it's crock. It's a crock, a cram. How about a crock? He started my novels. Rake crock. Well, he's your left to hear a lot of money. And then I think she died too. Then it's Miller 151. Classical music 88. Poetry 87. How about a nice poem to put you in a good weekend mood? And I suppose a man who took it. Poho 85. Jan 74. Chesapeake 22. Suci 49. Greg 49. Seussies for sueds. Separate 40. Paris 39. Baccarot. 34. What is Baccarot? Is it a card game? I don't know. I know it's a gambling thing in the air. Because he knows. But is it a what is it? I don't know. Probably somebody called an insplancers. If I were taken to a trade. Baccarot. What is it? In fact, if you take Cabala and Baccarot. And you mix them together. Then you got Hall of Law. That truck with Hall of Law. And you're like, I swear to the sugar free. That makes you like run to the room. They've Matthews van 34. That's run under Baccarot. Line 18. Four in film 17. Bridge 17. Where you map Buckley 13. The ultimate suit. Menza 12. Oh, I talk about people were going to swell head. Menza. I wouldn't be surprised if. A rat. Not him. Him. Is a member of menza. 12. Fish in 12. NPR 11. New Yorker magazine nine. 2001 is face out of C.8. Blair Witch Project. Opera. Seven. Let's go to the opera. Let's see. What's the name of an opera? Phantom of the Opera? No, that's an opera. Yeah, sure. It's a movie. Yeah, that's too. Madam Butterfly. There you go. Very good. Kirby and Tuesday has him six pink Floyd five. What was the opera that the godfather that Anthony was a woman in the movie. I don't know. It was a rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude. Yeah, or something. Oh, the it was gay. That's a honor. Kirby and Tuesday has a six pink Floyd five. Steely Dan five. Inside the actress who deal with James Lippton four. Art chose four. Volvo's two. And none for PBS or the Shining. Well, it would be surprised if PBS airs the Shining this week. And honor with that. That's how the 147. They like to shine in a lot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm five, 60. For residents, they get a wireless line. Is that a cute way, am hello? Yes, yes, sir. Okay. That was the fourth. How about the send? What is it? The send. Oh, send Buddhism. The send substance. Yeah, okay. I mean, you could even take most religions. You know, I was in a traditional mainline once, right? We could. Like scientists, but that's not the question. That's the main thing, you know, that's a big big big thing. Right. I'm going to tell you. Yes, that's for a fact. After a gay. Right. Somebody QAM hello. QAM hello. Yeah, the number one choice is yoga. These people, they got all this to collect the crap in their apartment. They've got a higher well thinking about that. Yeah, they're on a higher plane. I sure wasn't the one in midway. Okay, and I like that yoga. All right. We'll put yoga down there. Yoga Barra. Right away, yoga, you will not do any more spots with the F like, so I thought he's afraid he's going to catch them. By the way, back. I think that looks really weird. I just read. You Google it? Yeah, I mean, I don't really get it. Well, I'm sure somebody will explain it to us. Is it cards? Yeah, it's cards. It's just a little. I mean, I'll tell you, it says the objective of background is to draw a two or three card hand that totals closer to nine than the banker. A 10 jack King Queen count as a. Yeah, eight is one and all other cards are face value. If your total is more than 10, you drop the tan, blah, blah, blah, blah. So I don't know. Ooh, it's very strange. I've got a hand to get about that. Yeah. So it's saying about if you want to put more than 11, you want to do an aduce. Where's an ace? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I don't know what it is. I'm a card game's to me or boring. That's why when people integrate slot players, I say, well, you know, maybe you like sitting there with your cards and, you know, scratching the table, I'll grab you. I like hitting that button man. It looks in him. Weedles spin around. Oh, I speak of that way to hear this. Wait to hear this. Austin, Texas. A $25,000 lottery ticket was easy money for Mike's sergeant until he lost it. Then it meant days of searching fields and ditches even sitting through a trash bin before health arrived from an unexpected source. Sergeant scratched off the winning wheel of fortune ticket of 15, and they can be in store counter. I even know they had a, I guess that's maybe a Texas thing. In his hometown of Alvarado, about 25 miles south of Fort Worth, he signed the ticket and filled in his name and addresses. He called his wife and said he was bringing her the best Christmas gift ever. By the time he got home, high-yever, the ticket was gone. I was thinking that God just took it out of my hand, Sergeant said. He and a friend from church spent the rest of the night searching the fields along US Highway 67. He even called 911 asked firefighters to shine lights on the search area. They declined. They said they had bigger fish to fry. Sure. Later, friends comb the fields and roadside dishes while Sergeant and his neighbor sifted through all the garbage in the convenience store as trash bin. Sergeant posted a he posted signs all over town even called a radio station offering a $2,000 reward. Finally, five days after he lost it ticket, Sergeant got a call from Gerardo or Ruiz, a water meter reader from Midlothian who found out about working five houses down from the store, a water meter reader. Ruiz hadn't seen the signs of her sergeant on the radio and it first first thought wasn't going to give the ticket back. I went home and showed my wife and I said, look, Jesus just gave us a $25,000 ticket Ruiz recall. Well, I tell you, God and Jesus, if you're mixed up in that gambling big time, how can your fan ask of it to be against it when the Lord and Jesus are all into it? Right? But you better call that guy maybe you can get a reward because God is going to punish you if you don't return it. That's right. He is all the God stuff. Sergeant gave Ruiz $25,000, immediately wrote a $17,000, $50 checks it was on church but had a way a little longer for his pay off. His signature had been partially scratched off the ticket. Ruiz speculates it happened when he stepped on it. So lottery a Texas officials have been conducting forensic tests to ensure sergeants win his legit. Sergeant is hoping to get somebody in time for Christmas, but he is why who founded a prison ministry, or could have made sure the record was given to the people. He'll find a prison to get a perligal certificate and use the rest to pick off their credit card debt. Sergeant is taking his lost in found saga and his lost in found saga. And a sign to stop playing the lottery. God was telling me that I need to be dependent on him and not on the lot of reason jobs anything else. Oh, God. Everything is with God. Everything is with Jesus and Zion America man. You can have it. You can have it. I don't want it. It's too far. Listen for me. Are we done song? Sure. I might have it here somewhere. Tell me to QAM hello. Yes. Yes sir. What's up? Are you ready? I want to know if you're still running a Spanish language commercial on now. No we're not. Okay. Great. I have both of them and it's just show for that. I couldn't believe it. Yeah. What's he got to do with? Why would you blame him? Well, I'm the man. It was a Polish and we won. During his show. No we handed on the show. It wasn't really. No, no, no, no. They're all the shows. No, no, no, no. Don't be picking on that dog. Okay. He's the help. He's on against that labaster man. He's on against the real stiff competition. They're on the stiff part. Stubbots and labastered. Wow. Are they broadcasts? No, or what? WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. He's my pro. Yes. And he's also there. He's my prober bear. Yeah. Ron and oh man. We got some class for you. For the new year. You just wait. Let's turn it on a flight to where was that guy coming from? Caracas. Caracas. Yeah. Okay. Let's alert the authorities. At the time that there's a lunatic going to be on the plane. Yeah. And now we got the witnesses saying that the he never said that I have a bomb. And this one says this. Like we said the other day, we don't want to sound insensitive or crap like that. But people who have mental problems and are taken their medication shouldn't be on planes. They're flying like 37,000 feet in the sky. And would like in danger. They shouldn't be out of the house. They shouldn't be out of the institution. Okay. I'm trying to write now. We should be in the institution behind a tall wall. In fact, we got people right there in that building. What are we in institutionalized? Make no mistake about that. I don't want to mention no name. 560560. We want some back around. We're on the steel Roger show. We got the ventilating. One might do it too. I wonder why he was supposed to be off today. All these people are off. I don't get a hypo. It was just a typo. Just. That's a reference man. He can't even make out of skids without a gun. Like I'll ball it around. Quick. Wait for your time calling me and bugging me with nonsense. And of course, you know, he didn't do it on his own. And Greg is like, oh, call up. And he'll call up. And make sure he doesn't screw this up for us this year. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever you say, Greg, everything is always everybody else as well. He's like the George Bush or radio, you know? The books have someplace else. I'm the guy that hired for where I'm. I've got it said, hey, let's put stern on here and see how many finds we can get from the FCC. And look at the next week's schedule. I'm going over with a fine tooth comb baby. And I don't see. It looks like it's not too bad. We got mad dog on it all next week. Curtis and Troy at Hooters on Friday next week. Marfys Joe. Who the hell is Joe at smoking boy? Joe Rose coming back? Who's Joe? Joe Z. I would have. Oh no. On the demanded show, Joe Zagaki is going to be on while people are awake. Terracid Jackie's not home. Oh, man, if we didn't lose our license today, the crab, I think that'll put us under the bottom. 12 13 a Q a m. Well, it's just Joe Zagaki on a hurricane's and Jimmy Stiffless on the dolphins and Gildy, week is where the success with those Panthers man. What's happened to the market? You know, an insunny in the market? Right. Looks like that plays his head. I don't want to say I got out just in time. I didn't want to have a way to do that. Just like you've got to do your snooze. I got a little bit of just in time too. Always seem to have like one step ahead. Hey, it's that most wonderful time of the year. I must of course, though, you're doing the wrong spot. Wouldn't it be better if I were doing the wrong spot? Yeah, that would be wrong somehow. Well, I better get the right copy out because this is not there. Well, we'll begin with that one eventually for Donald Mathrist, our good friends or whatever. It's not on right now. Yesterday actually Friday, thank God. No, no, seriously, there does not feel like Friday. That's that's bad. I don't think I got that piece of copy. I think maybe I lost it. I ate it. Maybe I ate it. Oh, there it is right there. Let me tell you what I just did. This goes to show you how efficient I am. And such a thing is being too efficient. Right. I had the copy in front of me and then I reached over and I took the next one and put it on top of it. Hey, if you do that three more times, we'll be out of here. You are ACA. Hey, the truth is when you're dear to compare, you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA. And software, the only Ford dealer you want to be shopping at is Armstrong Ford Homestead. These pin and the ass holidays are here. Maybe your car was damaged during a hurricane. Or maybe you just want a great new ride to give yourself a gift for the holidays. Now's the time we get on down in Sierra Good friend David Rich and let him put your fat ass behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford. Right now, Armstrong Ford Homestead, they got some great offers and incentives waiting for you. Get a thousand dollars cash back or financing as low as 0% your choice on a Ford 500 or freestyle. Get $5,000 cash back on a slower expedition. How about $2,000 cash back on a scape and $2500 cash back on focus? Certain restrictions apply. And when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll also want to have all of these things. All of these things. If there were exclusive tires and batteries for life program too. Armstrong Ford, we're guaranteed the best price because they're locally owned and operated. It's a wonderful place to shop. No high pressure, no BS. They'll feature like family to make sure they see you again in the game. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place in town. No bait and switch, no phone need deal. So whatever you do, call David Rich at 305, 247, 51 12 and ask David for the Neil Deal. That's at Armstrong Ford Homestead 3075 South Fixie. How it's an easy 20 minute ride at South of the 86. Check them out on the web. www.cars.com and then drive those first amounts to save yourself a ton of cash and Armstrong Ford Homestead. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 A. You best dude. When Franchal Fumper's the prime sign, not very talented. But she's the sexyest of crime. Now you see her every way. Thanks for barbing down on that canal. Playing in fear, she's not making. Is her commercial for lollery hell. Me and the girls in jail have your hands and face it. Very happy she wants her dead. We go on going on. We're going on. Everybody's calling. You say everybody wants you. All the other girls are falling. But she couldn't care that. All but all the risk couldn't seem to be your best. People are not in our own. We're on the Rio. I think we got your love. Hey, what is the name of the 86? That you've been laid in the mouth. You've been a bit too old. You've been a bit too old for me. Paul 21. Do we find out who's got those Rolex watches yet, by the way? No, I've been looking around. But I don't really know what one looks like. I'm going to look up at picture. Do it. Do it. Take a look on the internet. I can't know about Baccharam. You think that would be a degenerate gamblers. We got a discrab. We were going to bring them off. Hopefully we jump right on. Maybe it's so aeradite. Nobody knows anything about it. Certainly not. A little bit too suited for our crowd. 560560 and the Verizon SINGET Arronis lines. WQAM. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Good. Can I talk to Neil? Speaking. Oh. I'm on the air. Sounds exactly like you or your identical twin. What's that? I said it's you. Yes. What are you got? I'm here. I just wanted to tell you that I think that you're a real graphic engineer. I've been stuck here from California since last January. And it's listening to all the Bush loving. God-loving dumbasses here. Yeah. Really nice. There's somebody who has a different point of view. Someone who reflects my point of view as well. Thank you. Thank you for the rest man. Thank you for us. Absolutely. And I have a quick explanation of that. If you want to know it. I think that's a great point. You either get against the house or the dealer. They have to try to get nine. And if you can bet either that you get nine. Nine. Nine. Our closest to nine. I'll be doing. And the ace is counted as like what? If you have an ace in the six. Then you have seven. If you get a face card. Then you get still at seven. Because if a face card counts as zero. Oh man. Two complicated for me. I'll stick for my slot machine. Thanks a lot. Good luck. See you. Hope you get out. Hope you get out and get back to California somewhere. Like civilizing. I wish I'd not floor it. What's that? What was that? That's the irreversible spending around music. Because that's what my head's doing. Oh you mean from the influence? Yeah. But, right. Well, it's a suit game. That's why it's not our full end. We're very well by the way. I'll stick with Jacks. Yeah. There you go. I stick with old maid. You know. I'm a loser. Uh oh. For your phone's the thing. For first for your phone. Uh, from Shway. From Shway. Okay. How do you know how to spell it? Check with all this if you can see what you say that. Okay. Okay. And second a Josh. Cash. A second. For you. Believe me. He cashed it. He would never come in at 11.15 this morning. If he wouldn't have come. He would have come in at the bank this morning. That's a difficult rich. Yeah. If you feel rich now. It's like Mrs. Catsen times said to me. Many moons ago. Only only if you're rich now at 225 bucks a week. Boy, oh boy. She's pushing up Daisy's. You cola. You heard the uncolors. She was the you cola. Uh, what was that thing? The new um, what is that new deal now? Is it coke? The uh, coke nothing. What was it called? Zero. I think. Yeah. What was that? Uh, um. Coke zero. What? See that's what I keep coming about. It's like the chef boy already thing and the same with Gillette. If you if you take the same product and you put it in like different shapes and sizes and colors and whatever. And instead of having a one product here like 50 products on the shelf, then you're going to sell 50 times as much of it. Uh, and it's the same thing when I was you got like, uh, your lime, uh, Pepsi or they put, they took the lime and lemon out. Right. What I heard. Didn't hear that from Boca Brian. You're a caffeine free and you're with caffeine with extra caffeine like jolt cola. You got your, uh, all as crap. All these uh, oh, look at that snow and Neumann man. Pretty potent storm system right now along Boston corridor. Look at that. What do I say about Boston and God is really ticked off it. There's Kennedy's. He's still pissed off about Mary Joe, compacting man. That chap of Quitic. And that's why he's like, even it, um, Providence and Boston at all over New England. And it is just covered with, are you looking at that now? No, Chad, Chad Sky Miles. There's a, Germany. Germany backs bigger brothels to fight World Cup sex explosion. It's only a sure bus ride from Germany's main World Cup stadium in a post-day Turkish bath. Two scientists, two cinemas and up to 100 prostitutes offering round of clock six. Europe's biggest brothel, which opened in Berlin only two months ago, is Germany's latest answer to the invasion of sex workers who are expected to plug the country next year to cater to the male soccer fans. If you like her? Soccer? Productions exist that up to three million fans will visit a prostituted at least once during the World Cup. Oh my God, we might have an earthquake. The events organizers are expecting at least 40,000 prostitutes to the cent on Germany from throughout Europe to meet the demand. Up to three million fans will visit a pro, when a prostituta, at least once during the World Cup. Our turnous, our team is, what is it? Our team is the forced or a brothel located in Malah, half of Berlin's Olympic Stadium. Is an attempt to bring the sex trade explosion under control in the country where prostitutes will go to legal and widespread. You think that last thing is a little planned word, there's cute widespread. They'll kill it. From the outside, the five million euro establishment resembles a luxury hotel tucked away on an industrial estate. Plus, at the decorative balloon flank from the roof turns out to be a giant palace. Inside a handful of middle-aged punters were last week paying 40 euros each for a locker, a bathrobe, and access to the brothels bars, World Fools, massage parlors, cinemas and 46-weeks thick-out with Mox Zibraskin bed covers, mirrors and back and alien pictures. Yet the sex itself cost extra. You pay the 40 euros for all of these 10 and the sex is more. Norman Jacob. Remember I was asking you that day how Jacob is doing? Yes you did. Here's the answer. Norman Jacob, a lawyer in Scotland, for our witnesses, the brothel cuts the out-prosted traditional lines on pimps, and virtually eliminates the chances of illegal eastern European sex slaves being employed on the premises. All of the girls here have to provide a tax number, and a permit of permission to work in the EU, he said, proof. They pay us 70 euro entrance fee, but they're free to negotiate the cost of their services with each client, which allows them to keep all the profits. Zinion, one of the products of the two said, is just a work-to-murfavor. I used to pay between 20 and 50 percent of my things to my organizer here I can keep the lot. So what's we get? We saw what a slot machine's made with a different kind of slot. Once we get legalized prostitution in Florida, then there'll be taxed at 110 percent. Because it's only the Fed asked Governor Stanley that we have all kinds of illicit and grow testkin, to crawl it around and dump it and stuff like that. Thank God we got a bunch of good Christians in the White House and in the State House. This is Neil Roger, who does revives his 516-8. I'm going to go to the end of the town. I'm going to go to the end of the town. I'm going to go to the end of the town. I'm going to go to the end of the town. I'm going to go to the end of the town. I'm going to go to the end of the town. I'm going to go to the end of the town. I will just point into space. Dance like a bird, in the middle of a long ground. Kind of opens for one thought, finally, never quan down as high they're so high. There's four studios. I'll say we're living proof that if you don't finish the job, you got a real problem on your hands Yeah, that's all they had to write idea there in the Colosseum, but they didn't finish the job Maybe it just wasn't enough lions. I think you're lying 567. Oh, I'm if I'm lying you're dying 567. Oh 560 pie. That's a Greg always says pound five six to the Verizon singular Wibles line and by the way George whatever you do don't talk about Now I call on the board. I can't afford what's going on here all of a sudden like we fall off the face of the year It's like our rest of the US Since the bush master in his Nazi regime came in the whole American thing is like fall off the globe And I think that's what's happening to us too. I think it was because Josh didn't come in on time this morning The audience is out of sorts. I don't blame me. It's your fault And I bet you did catch that you too didn't you know, but I'll be catching him immediately after the show Oh wait, I got to go make a call Don't do that. Yeah, I already touched it Just to be on the safe side. I'm gonna go make a call WQAM hello Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon sir. I wanted to ask you Today in Miami Beach There's actually a thing called the New Pearl Harbor 911 Truth Tour and it's actually in Miami Beach this evening And for the four people in your audience who probably care to find out a little more information about what happened on 911 I just wanted to say it's at the Lincoln Theater tonight in Miami Beach. Okay, and could I give the box office number? No, absolutely. It's 305 673 330 And it's a three year old Miami Beach, okay, and They're gonna have it's all investigators and researchers just that have been looking closer into the 911 phenomenon They actually were out in Tampa on They were in Tampa the last three days and they're actually coming over to Miami just for one night tonight So it's a three to four hour event and it should be pretty interesting for anybody who's interested in finding out some more Okay, thanks, Dale. Thank you There you go for people are really inquiry minds want to know of course people are probably got like my job Termants maybe we want to go play a little buck a while over the Indians or whatever They probably don't have time to be learned about stuff like that. WQ. I am hello Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, hey, I Let me ask you a question Do you think that Yes, there'll be a woman president before a black president? How about black president a conical black woman kind of laser Stop and think about that, huh? I'm making a pardon Yes When I let me ask you this what black under the connalieso? He's he's all over the place under the connalieso who's certainly got no chance But what other black politics in Barack Obama now we're talking although what do he pissed us off about the oh? Yeah, he was like analyzing about the authority words and moving Okay, you know all these politicians is all the same they got all their handlers and their advisors and their Focus-pocus focus focus groups and all those other crap. I am tired of them You know what's this live your life and enjoy the best you can and that's my philosophy life. I do the best I can that's it And suppose to like bang your head up against the wall like I did for all of those years to be in a babysitter Every everybody would eat you a hundred hello kneel Hello doctor yeah, that's crap. I want to apologize again for the swill those garbage shows that I did over and over again Talk about stale that was state what in last year's motto good God Hello doctor I got blue lipstick that did done what should be done that did done you're done honey You're like good thing about all those colors. They're all pushing up days. He's now They're all pushing up duffy deals Speaking of duffy McCallum Just do the best you can you're not gonna change the world as a business. That's why that movie was so good That's seen alone as worth a press city admission Josh was probably a sleep already by the time that happened Then that baby scene in the IT and T board room No, no, I mean I saw the movie the world is a business mr. Bill that there is more truth in that one That's about a four five minute scene there's more truth in that scene and most of you folks Everybody's supposed to in your freaking lives The world is a business. It's got nothing to with US and Russia and China and this one the world is a Sticking business That's why about the polar ice cats are melting if there was anybody left around or right the history of the human race Where's their won't be they would write about all of these things all of these things because big business comes first In fact we had the article on our website, which I'm sure Josh worked feverishly to get on there about how to Kyoto protocols You know the US works feverishly to make sure we get the brits and everybody else off at that deal That's right so that our buddies and big business can continue for looting the environment at your expense And a public is like Like that dumb not smart like Fredo dumb I think we ought to take a lot of people out fishing what do you say and be sure bring your Rosary beads I got I got a pair right here. Yeah, squeeze your uh Rosary beads man squeezing tight and say if you hail Mary can't hurt What I will say about the hail Mary business can't hurt I don't know about you. I'm so sick and tired of watching athletes cross themselves before there There is one there's one judge jackass at the yacacino water who crosses himself before he hits the stop machine How do you like that? Yeah, is it work or no losing his ass I think he's prayed to the wrong god if he asked me if he put a if it's sick a Mazuza on to reach armpit that might do it You know those Jews have a way with money Boy boy crazy crazy people you condition people from the time they're born You condition them and they're like puppets like little puppets I mean Mary and that's excuse me yeah, careful And they you steal their brain that's the worst thing you can do to somebody to take away their bill Be the thing and that's what the religions do and that's what you parents do you brain wash your kids And you ingrain them with all this nonsense and fairy tales and you slept them off the church and the show And you just keep bad with the good books Let me tell you madlittle here used to say religion without a hell is worth a damn religion without a scapegoat isn't worth a damn These scapegoat do is sure this week it'll be the fags next week it'll be the darks then we can't that'll be the women again Well whatever, you know, don't have a scapegoat Who's that who's stepping right there Oh, Syria Syria. Yeah, just wipe it off the face of the globe. Okay, get it time to get Syria When you say in fact, it's not coming pretty soon in just a few weeks a serious what I hear How are stir by the way starts in serious pretty soon a casey haven't seen them on a Friday Reader's Dodd-Yess he's in your weekly reader. He's on ABC good morning and good night and the nightly news He's on 60 minutes 30 minutes He's all over the place the king of hype. That's Howard man. He's got everybody by the balls All more on the bird flu You're a boy from avian Yeah, well good for him Was that avian or alien Fact of the matter is that all these people have died in aren't that many it's like a handful They got from the bird flu because they came into a contact so in other words You know, it's wanting to have a pet bird Right keep your distance man Keep your distance if you got a pet chicken in the backyard don't choke it Yeah, well, how's he doing by the way? What ever happened to him? Have a scene of it a while little Brian Andrews Hey Brian you fairer from channel seven news And the animals still ain't interested I heard he was doing like some investigative series on like a sex in Europe or that talking about women. I'm sure that Hey, it's that most wonderful time of the year like I started saying many many minutes ago Unless of course you hate to crowded malls those crazy shoppers like they are off their rockers Long register lines parking hassles other the craft that goes with holiday shopping Make your gifts giving a little bit easier for you and your loved ones this year give like dial-in-ightress gifts certificate When you make that one easy call 1 800 mattress you can order a data mattress gives certificate in a denomination And a new bed makes a perfect gift at last for a year Don't think about you every time they do something on it when you call 1 800 mattress Choose from ceiling and Simmons Sir, our King coalesced turns in foster you will interpret it too Maybe a suffocent water damage from hurricane Wilma Maybe need to bed to those last minute unabied a holiday guest Whatever your deal call 1 800 mattress you'll get same day delivery from 8 in the am till 10 in the pm And you still get to pick the date and time for a little bit of your schedule and they show up 99.7% of the time on time you can't beat them with a stick they're right number one in the world in customer satisfaction I've been using it for a very long time and you ought to be doing the same before those guests arrived pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress a log on to mattress.com Biola mattress 1 800 mATT RES Leigh Roth last is because it stands for he shoots He scores Is He's five sixty象 The court. He says the burden is the word. All right. Speaking about for the birds, don't forget to molmanly be long to the staff known. He will just dazzle you with his brilliance. Mad Dog from Hooters are valid for the big O. A double differed today. He was on the sworn E. Roy the morning and I guess he needs the cash. He's at the Barakuta. Where's that in the grove did you say? Yep. And any kid 10s? No games though although guilty tomorrow night we got the Panthers at the L.A. King's to run night. He's got a Stanley. Journal says vios was suppressed, although what's going on there was in. What's going on there was in. What are you doing there? A Georgia's you know. Dozing? A duot. A quattro. All right. If the Earth starts moving under your feet you'll know George has just been explosive. That is disgusting. They're sort of like five candlesticks. When you're eating like five people's food and all that chili that's skyline that's chili. I do like skyline chili mac. Chili mac come to the song by Martin Vannell's chili mac. Oh that is easy. If I speak of that then movie was out of here last night and I put my I got inspired I watched the whole thing again. I'm my. You watch that movie standing in the channel some more 10. I have not. Oh. Need the one you have seen right? No. No. I've got one. One. One. All right. I'm dying of a hell. I have vision. George has born. She's great. Everybody on her is where they said chocolate. Hey, chocolate kind of you see. Merkin company. See what I mean. I was just saying before they don't give her crap about you. The world is a business. It's not. See the whole. If the purpose of the medical profession was to make everybody a 100% healthy and limited all of the disease. Then all these people would be out of business. Absolutely. And it would be space for commercials for other things on your evening news. I've beside pharmaceutical prescription drugs and over the counter drugs. All of these all is poison. Oh my god. Merkin company with health information about heart problems suffered by patients taking the company's painkiller of viox from the manuscript of a journal article published in 2000. They're doing the journal of medicine 10 yesterday. The journal said pertinent information about the problems have been deleted from the manuscript. And the articles authors who included two more employees failed to disclose information about three heart attacks until they knew about the incidents at least four and a half months before the publication. And the data been reported this study which is sponsored by Merkin, would have shown that the risk of heart attack for people taking viox was five times higher than for those using the prox and other painkiller. The journal reported an online expression of concern. Oh my god. Expressive concern. My ass. Viox became a blockbuster drug that merked it not pull from the market till four years later. And another study showed long term use increased risk of heart attacks and strokes. The drug is now the subject of thousands of lawsuits and the problems with the journal article revealed during a deposition. In fact, the dead people were even suing. The journal has asked the authors for a correction. We signed the two Merkin employees that were living other authors. All of whom record and are scientists who had financial ties to the company. Got that? Got it. So how was your experience? Oh, rewarding. Was it a moving experience? It was. Good. Cardinal and Vanline. It was loud to call a father and send Jewish removerers. Are they still business? It's the only moving van I've ever seen with like Hebrew letters on the side. It 1148 votes on the poll. I would teach it to me and everybody else is food pretty soon. They're going to balloon up. Then you're going to have diabetes and then all kinds of crabs going to go for just the Chopper legs off. Just follow my example. Will you please follow my example? Your healthy lifestyle. Right. Half a gallon of ice cream a day keeps the doctor away. 1148. We're going to have something here today. Are we like maybe 13 ever votes again? We're going to show. Wow. Wow. Wow. Pretty impressive. Joel a fine. We're getting up several and I say those things. It gives him the impression we have like a whole Zinn people losing and he doesn't. And he knows he doesn't. You got nobody. Joel. You got squat. Squatsky. Now let's see. Oh, don't the dolphins are playing at San Diego this weekend. Right. Oh, man. It's going to be bad. That could be ugly. Now we already thought the bills can be ugly. I'm going to waste for one quarter, actually for three quarters. And then the bills showed the true colors because they suck and they folded up like an accordion. Not to take any credit away. They hung right in there. You know the old saying, Ra Ra Ra. This is boom. Although guess who's going to start this week for the dolphins? It's that sage. No, he's not starting. Oh, he's not. No. You would have thought. When you were in your thunk it, after he bailed their sorry ass out last week. Wouldn't you have sunk that? Anybody with a brain? But we're talking Nick Sabin here. Not somebody with a brain. And as a result, we got just for a lot. You think it was sage, but it's not instead it's for a lot. Oh, boy. I think he's a quarterback, but he's not. Name something or someone strictly for a suitable intellectuals. Cabala, Cabala, 160 if it's good enough from Madonna then stay away from it. Run like a son of a bitch. Dennis Miller 157. She's right on Cabalazas. Classical music 93. But poetry 91. Poero 88. Jazz 75. Chess 53. What's that bit we got that's got all the bodies. Sounds I think I'm going to play that. Probably a functions. Right. Poetry 91. Poero 88. Jazz 76. Chess 53. Suzy 53. The event is banned 43. Jeopardy 42. The answer is Paris 39. Baccharoth 36. We don't have any idea even though it's got to do it in the eye. Maybe Robert Cooper plays Baccharoth. Mença 22. Opera 13. For in film 19. Wine 19. Bridge 19. The New York Magazine 15. William Fuckley 15. NPR 15. Inside the actor studio with James Lippsen 12. Paul Pitchen 12. 2001. Space Odyssey 8. Blair Witch Project 8. Kirby enthusiasm 6. Archoes 5. Pink Floyd 5. Steve Dan 5. Zen 4. Haie Benzen. Volvo's 4. Yoga 2. PBS 2. Finally, Shway has got one and the shining didn't have any. See what I wear away. Now did John see the shining? Of course. Yeah. What do you mean of course everybody saw it? You had no someone who hasn't seen it? And you liked it? You thought it was great? I thought it was good yeah. There's Johnny. That was it for me. That's all I needed. Here's Johnny in. Red rum. Red rum. Red rum. That was about it. Yeah. I mean it was fine. We were fine. Very weak. Very, very. It was a. And it was pretty long too is every cause along ass movie. Google didn't see how long that piece of crap that great movie. It was 30 like. 20. Oh, it goes on forever. I'd say I didn't agree. I'd say about 2.5. And by get to the end of you think, oh, I wasted 2.5 hours of my life. My God, I've got to be digging for gold in my nose or somewhere. And instead, I wasted that 2.5 hours watching this swirl. But they liked it because it's got no votes as it was for sues. Maybe that shows there was a lot of gratuitous violence in it. Yeah, about 2.5 hours. See that 2.5 hours. You'll love it. Get the shiny. Or if you want to see a really good movie. In fact, this is a great Christmas gift. You have some old gold like me in the family. It loved no town. Some baby boomer. Nice. Oh. Put you around in here. Baby boomer or Paul Boomer. Boop. Paul Boomer. I'm a farting time to this. What is an honor? You're better to get rid of his hands. You have a hurt and so long. Let's play this out. Just come up soon, George. I'll play this one for two days. One for all busy. Oh, I have this and so many. He's very Joe Nazborn. I wonder if you sing what if God's most cannabis? So anyway, what I'm saying is that make a great holiday gift. You've got somebody out there's got a DVD player who really loves Motown and they haven't seen this movie. Was it such that the assembly that moving the first place? It was. Thank you. That's for you sweetheart. He is just the best and his own bizarre peculiar way. He is just absolutely sensation. Damn it. And Rick and says aren't on the air anymore. I didn't like that. Rick. Rick is the one to drag him down with that stock market talk. He's the one that killed. He killed the sons. And what it says do after they took him off the air? I got him to squatting. He's still doing it. But thanks for that standing in the shadows of Motown. New people out there and get the soundtrack and get the DVD and stick it in your DVDs. And give it to somebody who loves Motown. It is so dang good. It's great. Every performance is sensational story. It's fascinating. The musicians are like your socks off. Whatever. The shift for special. You don't come to a Vegas and talk to a man like Mot Green like that. And I'm saying what he is. You talk about wasted talent. You talk about wasted talent. I'm trying to have good band Harper's. If we want to see the movie and somebody would just play that and say, a live performance by Marvin Gaye. You said, oh yeah. Right? Right? Yeah. No. Are you like laughing now? Are you going to help me cut and jump? Are you laughing? I mean, I'm screaming. I was agreeing with you. I don't want to come in. You're eating more food now. No, no. He's going to be doing a single pretty soon. I'm chewing on a flumbal though. You're going to be doing a sace. God. What is going on? You're all you're chewing on a flumbal. It's good. If you'd stop chewing on it, stuff out of your nose. You live in 64. I think we have a shot of 13 and if we really put the pedal to the metal. Okay? By 2 o'clock, we'll have 13 and I'm going to steal Roger's show. This is New Roger. This is the go-go-go. This is 516. A. This is Pope John Paul Williams. And if he asks me, the only thing more fun than playing grab ass with a Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers. One to two. Now I count. This is excellent. You don't want to old fan anybody on your holiday gift list. Ah, ah. You've been the new politically correct non-denominational holiday record. Who could possibly take issue with songs like these? Yes, we've taken that you know, out of Christmas. We've got for president a ceremonial bush. Make everybody happy. Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today. Is that what we got for president a ceremonial bush? That's cute. One, two, five, sixty. So anyway, Bill Berkowitz writes that I think I say in the story two days in a road, John. So I just regard whatever. Or just put it on again. It's well worth it. Very long. I'm not going to read the whole thing all the way. You'll recall that the phone call we had a few days ago. Very Christmas. And when he speak in like a weapon, probably one of those are Riley freaks. Bill Berkowitz and working for change as the website of writes work. A writes Christmas under attack, a manufactured crisis. And as usual, he is. And so we'll make a rep to the Christian fundamentalist right when Christian legal groups. And most of the Fox News channels, Primetime, who are echoing variations on the same thing. Liberals are once again out to destroy a Christmas. Instead of the ancient cry that the Jews killed Christ, fundamentalist Christians in their Concert Values are accusing liberals, which in those circles is often read Jews, for trying to move Christmas from the public square. Last year, the Reverend Jerry Falwell, Prince secularist, hate Christ, and want to steal Christmas from America. This holiday season follows Lymphur Virginia-based Thomas Robeth his church. It joins forces with a Christian legal out of Liberty Council, but in Nazis, for its Friend or Faux Christmas campaign. Fox News channels Bill O'Reilly under fire for recent explosive comments seemingly condoning the destruction of Quaint Tower, San Francisco's monument to heroic fire fighters, are you done as program that you assured shun's stories that are anti-Christmas? William Donahue. William Donahue, New York-based Catholic League for religious and civil rights, lost a fevered and short-lived live boycott of Walmart when the stores website recognized the terms Hanukkah and Quanzo, yet turned towards Christmas season into holiday season. Walmart apologized for the mishalf of course. The Scottsdale-Ares database aligns to defense fund a Christian legal group and asked that 800 attorneys agreed to voluntarily handle without fee complaints about improper attempts to censor the celebrated Christmas in schools and on public property. They see Al Faux and Talgins who are judged his favorite newspaper recently reported. In 2004, the second year of its Christmas project, affiliated attorney set a detailed memo on ADF's view of Christmas and constitutional law to 7,000 school districts in newspaper pointed out. John Gibson, the host of Fox News channels, the big story, has tended to know book called The War on Christmas, how the liberal plot to ban the sacred Christian holiday is worse than you thought, which is devoted to the controversy. What a title for a net-great title? John Gibson. Alright, he's on my list. You know, he's right. You know John Gibson, the geek for the last time. I was hoping for a thing on the day for what to bid for OJ come most to people. People would know him from who it gives him. From John Gibson. And we're done. Gibson, oh, loan some me. Remember, that's what the signal over across the street, by the way. I just go and do all that big. Oh, to paraphrase SES John well and the most demoralizing from a violence that could visit a Christian right leader, such as Falwell, is the violence of not being noticed. While nowhere near being the prominent fundamentalist figure he was during the house on days of the moral majority more than decade ago, Falwell can still command media attention. Moreover, unlike the Reverend Pat Robertson whose awkward commentaries have become so common that they become boring, Falwell picks his targets a bit more carefully. These days, he's last underway doozy of a controversy, and a recent addition of Falwell confidential, the online insider weekly newsletter that the moral majority coalition in the liberty alliance, he maintained that Christmas is under attack. Christians follow advice should draw a line in the Santa Resist bullying tactics by the ACLU, Americans united for separation of church and state and American atheist. Another leftist organizations then intimidates school and government officials by spreading misinformation about Christmas. Celebrating Christmas, Falwell declared, is constitutional. Comrades, and that the organization points out that the organization's Falwell points out as responsible for attacking Christmas are several of the same groups he blamed for the nine lovin terrorist attacks he later issued a rather understated apology. Tarting left wing grinches tried to drive Christmas out of the public square, Falwell wrote in many public venues, and in our schools and workplaces, many Americans have discovered that they're not permitted to erect Christmas decorations, exchange Christmas cards as in Christmas carols. To combat the Christmas bashers, Falwell's Thomas Robathas Church, the church he's pasted for almost 50 years is sponsoring local newspaper as promoting its St. Christmas campaign. The genesis of the campaign is rooted last years for the included a pro Christmas ad campaign organized by Dr. Jerry Prevow, or is that pervow, touched of the anchorage back to the Temple of Alaska's largest church. Dr. Prevow, chairman of Falwell, Liberty's University Board of Trustees, thought theads were necessary in this age of political correctness. There's convinced many of our fellow Americans that Christmas is a dirty word, Falwell wrote. Well, it can't slot Mary, you like that, we don't want to give Joyce then, other shape. Dr. Prevow worked closely with the Orlando-based Liberty Council, a nonprofit litigation education and policy organization dedicated with advancing religious freedom, the sanctity of human life and the traditional family and antisemitism, by the way, according to his website, the former late language of the edge which are part of Liberty Council's friend or folk Christmas campaign, the friend or folk campaign to prevent blatant religious discrimination during religious holidays. In 2003, the Liberty Council organized a campaign called Don't Let The Grinch read that liberal, St. Christmas. Matthew these state-relivened council president and general council laid out his rationale for that campaign. Our country was founded in Judeo-Christian principles, if we separate these fundamental principles from our civic life, we destroy our government in the process. Our founding fathers believed that religion and morality were necessary to our successes in nation. President Washington said that anyone who would attempt to remove religion and morality from our country can not be considered a true patriot. He also predict the rising national immorality of which we exclude religious principles. In mid-December 2004 on Fox News, the Liberty Council's neighbor, tended to form a floor to mayor was hostile to Christianity because he was apparently Jewish. On the Fox News channel, writing about liberals after destroy Christmas is ubiquitous and inequitous the station's fairer and balanced credo. Last year recorded the medium matters for America website and a talking post memo devoted to how Martin Luther King would view things today, or Riley said the King would be a followed by the secular culture and by the attacks on Christmas and the demonizing of Christianity. In addition to plugging Gibson's book, Riley recently rented about the anti-Christmas practices of two major retailers, Sears came out in coals. On his November 9th broadcast he told his audience, here's what we found out. Sears came out wouldn't answer our questions. Spokenly Chris Brayfway simply ducked the issue. Their website banners wishable Calday 2005. They were the worst we had to deal with. Sears came out. JC Penning says it's catalog is always called Christmas catalog. Federated department stores, Macy's Bloomingdale's Burda and say the words Merry Christmas will be used the most advertising. Same thing in May, filings, Lord and Taylor Marshall fields. But coals refuse to define how that company will deal with Christmas. Villains however were used the slogan, Discover Christmas Discover Villards. So there you go. Shop where you like the atmosphere. Just remember, coals and Sears came out basically, not all right. Maybe she said not far right. Enough. Right? John Gibson who claims he is a non-practicing Christian recently said that his Jewish son researched the book. They see how to post intelligence reported. Gibson maintained that those leading the fight against Christians are primarily secularists. So called human as trial or as cultural relativists and liberal guilt rack Christians. Liberal guilt racked Christians. And Sean Hannity, the anxious one of coals to foxes, Hannity and Colms program which of course Tom Jiffard just loves the Alan Colms and is a new guy born again fox apologists now. And Ashco and Tommy, you not to you. You lie. I always knew there was something deep-seed in him. I hated like poison. Sean Hannity, we the Christmas controversy in the recent segment discussing the nomination judge Sam Alito of the Supreme Court. According to the newshound website and their motto is, we watch Fox or you don't have to. Hannity introduced the statement on Alito by saying that his most controversial decision may have involved the defensive Christmas. Hannity pointed out that Judge Alito applied to law and upheld common sense by lawing Jersey City and Jersey to put up a Christmas display. I'm sure it goes on and on. You really ought to read it. And find out what he's crazy going up to again. They've been doing this year to say old history and it's a good day. It's a good day. It's a good day. It's a good day. The dog again. We're going to that tail. They're waggoning it. And quick try to take Christmas away from all these people George. So let's talk about the Christmas party. I'm sorry. 1191 votes on the poll. You going by the way? No. Josh? Yeah of course. 1193 votes on the poll name something or someone strictly for silver lexial judges of course goes it's free. Khabala. 163 Khabala. How you say it? Khabala. Khabala. 163 Dennis Miller. 162 almost. Now this is good. Nick and Nick knows to know and we need what do we need. 107. I don't think we'll do it. Do you? 109 Dennis. You've been on Dennis. He's the king of suitors. By my name. I should have a minute. I'd football Dennis. You'd do it. We put them over the top. You and rush. Classical music 93 poetry 92 polo 90 jazz 77 chess 77 our chess of 54. Suity 54. Dave Matthews band 45. Jeopardy 44. Paris 39. But about Paris Holten. Bakurau 36. Men's at 26. Foreign Films 2013. Opera 20. Line 20. Bridge 19. Wittem F. Buckley 18. The New Yorker magazine 17. All doesn't seem more hurt right in New Yorkers and pretty garacles. But I agree. NPR 15. Inside the after-study which James lived in 14. Paul Christian 13. 2001 Space Odyssey 9. Larry Witch Project 9. Bakurau. Kirby enthusiasm 7. Fang Shway 5. I don't even know what that is. I'm a heard all. I'm what I'm a heard all. I'm what I call it. I mean because it's spelled wrong. No, it's spelled right. I see. I pronounce it right. Fang Shway 2 to an electrical art of Asian furniture arrangement. Furniture arranging? That's right. You're fairy. Art shows five, Volvos 5, Volvos a pink Floyd 5, CDN 5, Zen 4, Yoga 3, PBS 2 and the shining out of almost 1200 voices got no. Josh is right. It's a great flick. I'd rather watch that any day than it's stupid Motown call. I didn't hate it, but it was. I didn't hate it either. It's just like a little suede. It was disappointing. It was disappointing. We have to be back. Well, this is one of the great classics and Nichols is the greatest movie ever. Yeah, yeah. Whatever. I don't have to go. Red ground. Red ground. What are those things that they've got problems in Chicago? When you think that it wouldn't have landed there that they're, I mean, I know they circled around circled around. And they say that midway is one of the most difficult airports to navigate. It's got some sort of snow on the water. What else lie to midway in? Why do you find the Francis so here? Rich room filling sound from your iPod. We're talking of course about the power of the Bose sound dock digital music system. It brings the music on your iPod life even charges your iPod wallet plays. Sound envisances your bound to love a two here. And that's because only for private area Bose technology, unless you get the most from the music on your iPod. The system is friendly with iPod. iPod many iPod nano when iPod with video. It's sick of parents staluously blends with your iPod almost any room they core to. Easy to use it even comes when they were able to control their controls the sound dock system and basic functions if you're iPod from across the room. So let the room filling sound to the Bose sound dock digital music system delivery, great new iPod experience, and insert iPod and hear what happens. In fact, what a great Christmas idea this would be. Experience the sound dock today at Apple. Best by tweeter. Circus city, comp USA, sharper image or target. This is New Rogers. This is 560 QA. You're starting to think. Even Star Trek fans start buying earplugs and now they'll be trying to escape at warp speed from his new holiday album. William Shadner Warf's Christmas on the first day of Christmas by two of them themed up to me. A dribble in a pantry. Get that thing out of him as to soon. William Shadner Warf's Christmas is filled with full love of dual-tied songs destroyed as only Captain Kirk and destroy them. Check out? Bose didn't. All that open phone. Playnons. Rip the gulf your nose. Have a hope. If you want to explore our really strange new world of Christmas listen to what William Shadner does. You've got your old St. Nicholas. Scally old Mr. Spass. William, play to the ears this way. Don't do dumb a single slow. A lot of time going to say. Where Dolvin surround his bunch. Robin and Clarkson. It's the holiday CD that will make you want to sit your phaser on kill. William Shadner Warf's Christmas. One 18-Aq. I'm got some good news for you baby. And that is the sun is out there somewhere. And it's all the way up to. I'm a third man. A fan, huh? Two. And by another couple hours all that snow is going to be long gone. And meanwhile the north east is just very under it. Especially buffalo and Al-Mara and Rochester and Syracuse and Ifika and Binghamton and John Stone and part of each house. They're just a drone to see a snow. And Boston and Provincetown. I'll see you guys pissed off at Provincetown. It's got bad name. When you think he's a little peo to pee down, just to tad bit. Okay, we got like over 12 out of 10. We got a shot of 1300 here, which really will drive some people very up the wall. 12-16, that sounds so good. It was 12-16 like a minute ago. See if that he beat these people over there. How long have I been telling you that? 12-18, see that? I just said, and they came in here yet, because we haven't cut up to the five-minute delay yet. 12-18. To get to 13-0 we need two votes in 41 minutes. That's only, that's exactly two a minute. Even even Joel could do that. Oh, it's the whole audience over there voted. They'd get a two votes, right? Easy. WQAM Hello. Hello, ladies. I'm a black man. What a good for you. WQAM Hello. I'm Goneo. Yes, sir. First and foremost, Happy Howday to you, Jorge Josh, and like the whole crew. And back to you. I'm happy to introduce you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. I'm the cool guy that called a few months ago. Remember, I kind of caused a little bit of a semis. When I said that, I, and I still believe this, that at least 50% of the, and the Neil Rogers audience are who he is. Oh, chance. No chance. No chance. No. I was listening earlier, like a 12-11-30-12. It was like one stick after the other. Yeah. Well, that was just a stick hour. Yeah. But anyway, Happy Howday's on Clingo. You're still a police officer, Navidad, and on the own way, while in the, up here. See you. Okay. See you, sir, Dreamer. I wish that we had like a lot more Julios and Julietta's and whatever. We'll take anybody. Anybody's got a radio. Or you know, you'll never do that. We do, but you'll never admit it. We don't. Did you just look at the, we, we, did not get them to break out the Hispanic thing from the summer book. Were we did so great? I don't know. Did you? Yes. And we were on vacation that week. Yeah. And we were sure that it sure is not, it was no 50% of our audience. You sure. You sure. You sure. Was fifth among like what? 20 30 stations. Yeah. And that's bad. I didn't say it was bad. I just said it's not like what this guy says. Which I only wish you to tell all that. I don't know. I'm going to be a bit of a hundred percent. And maybe they might listen. And of course, in addition, which those who do listen, it was many of them. It's a closet experience anyway. It's like Tom Cruise all over again on the side of the, it's a closet experience. So while they remember the poll we did about people denying things. Yeah. And we say the show being one of them. We got a lot of votes. And for obvious reasons, there are many people who do listen, but they don't want to admit it. Oh, you don't listen to that fact. I could do it. That Tommy Pinko left wing. Whatever. You know, fill in the blank. Whatever the reason being, or maybe it's a combination. Or another thing. That make people not want to admit they listen. But all they think of. I hate everything you say. In fact, the other day you said, you know, like that. And they quote you chapter inverse. Yadiyada yadiyada. And like you said, there's 80s of the instations out there. And now there's a serious satellite and an XN and FM and PM and AM. Right? Right? I'd say to thank you to ABC by the way for all the religious training on your night. But nightly news, I'm so glad to hear some of you back to Brian Williams. They put those two bow those on there. They just have a death wish. I think business like try, I'm not what they're trying to do. Maybe Isaac is trying to avoid going to hell. Maybe you got religion. W2 AM, hello. Hello. Yes. Lisa, I need you. I beg you, Ben. You may say, okay, thanks, Larry. Larry's doing a voice. Can you believe that? Wow. Unbelievable. Even Larry King is listening today. I'm not sure what makes we heard. Lisa, I'm wondering. You could tell by the, that little kind of nasal playing. Five, or maybe it was just these snapper of the suspenders. Five, or the snap of the bag. The appeal on the bag. Five, six, seven. That being a good poll to take. Who's your favorite broadcast you who wears a bag? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha... Ha, ha, ha, ha. All right. I can only think of it two at the moment. WQAM, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I'm trying to see if you could just play something to me. Yeah, with the whole the accident would have been. That's fine. I'm just serious lately. I want to listen to you every afternoon. Yeah. Yeah, what about in the morning though? In the morning, I watch I'm at the morning. And I'm just trying to say, I'm just going to go off at 10, we're on at 10. He goes out at 9. No, he goes off at 9. The question is, I'm trying to figure out when you do the flute thing and stuff like that. I'm going to say, more stuff than to the down belief. And you're just like a god like easy money. You don't don't do anything anymore. Is there a reason? Do I really mean we don't do anything? What does that mean? Compared to what you used to do? Because we can't say anything, that's right. Because we got, you know, we have a need for a paycheck every two weeks. Okay, that's the only way. Because we work for a bunch of Nazis. That's all who jeopardized the license. And now we got this bitch over there in those nables. And we can't do a tentable with. And we're still kicking ass. I don't like that. Well, I love it. It's not like that. I don't. I don't love it. I feel. If you had any idea what a suck-tath audition, every just about every bit you play during a commercial break to make sure it's not good that I've been eating. And then when he f***ing those words in there, that she doesn't like it. So, pain and regret. Well, I still enjoy it, but it's not like it was. You're damn right to A-man. Thanks a lot, pal. I'm not feeling like that. I don't know because they, oh, you're wrong. It's so much better. Of course not. No. It's aggravating. And I'm not joking about that thing about having two audition. You're like, like, now, last few days play a lot of old stuff. I've burned myself there running at Thanksgiving Day. Josh can tell you. Yeah. No, I can't tell the show to her. A couple of things I've played that I forgot. I forgot I had one head of G-D-O. Oh, whatever. Just a lot of silly stuff. And of course, the Farts sounds. I mean, Josh is going to hurt in size a blow up if one of those gets on a year. Like the morning that month was sitting in the room. Everyone's staring at the whole show on farting that morning. And they were playing music practically during the whole show. Because God forbid they want to students Farts go on a year. Now, this collar is right. You got your thumb right on, pal. In fact, we like to make you our corporate attorney over the nation's starting Monday. And maybe someday we'll be able to do the next exciting show as I'm this. Well, yeah, I mean, well, what does he do that throughout Rages besides talklet would be a good idea of a research mumble talking to his chest? Yeah. And this guy's telling me that I'm a scissor. And it's still boring. Right. What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV? Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped him at NBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy. Who now looks like an actual radio. It was a Friday. I'm a salad internist. Coffee, sauce, hot. Yes, every morning. I see I miss listening to a tape about the people's carony this. I'm the air. I need a hammer to bite into those muckman. You know, somebody has a question on blade. I can see his wild behind the scenes at it. I also made them at night. I am at your all-wall. Cocoa, good show. Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So I want to deal with the phone. That's topical. I want to deal with his water game. He's incoherent. I'll tell you what. That's a double. But what does it? Well, that's a lot of crap. He's five. It's 10. He's going all right. And he's only on MSNBC. I take a channel. Nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to him. And somebody gets some fresh jingle. It's iris. I will say this, Mark. So this is not. I'm not taking back what I said a minute ago because it's a real pain in the grass. But this whole concept of shock radio and scotch-scotch-scotch. Everything has been done. Everything has been said that you could possibly say and get away with it. And there's no more shock-fighting than anything. So the idea that order to do a show, in fact, there are some people out of on mention on names. But there are some people out of you take that stuff away. They can't do a show. That's all they got. I don't want to say names because God forbid I should do that to wrath of somebody who would come down on me. 1238 votes. We need 62 votes and 34 minutes. It should be a piece of cake. I'm not sure. There's rummese. I'm going to go up. But you're the defense secretary. Are you accepting the torture amendment that I came like? It's presumably this year. You're at it. Go up by the night. It's set to be with the white man. It's here. You're out, Donny. We got you leave them in there, baby. Then they will fear us. Then I will fear you. I'm waiting for you. I'm waiting for you. I'm waiting for you. You guys keep going in that direction. We've got one of those two parties left. 26 past one, a QA. And hey, if your tutsies aren't what they ought to be. Maybe you're not wearing the right kind of shoes. Maybe not even the right size. If you want a perfect fit or your favorite style of shoes, there's only one place to think about in his brandies. Walk your tutsies over the brandies real soon. They carry a unbeatable humanist selection just about all the major brands at unbeatable prices. Rockforts, floor shine, echo, new balance, Mephisto, SAS, all the top names and brandies professional shoifators will make sure that you have a perfect customized fit or your favorite shoe every time. Just as for Arnie, in his lap of good paranoia. The pros at brandies understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide wits as well. So take your care your tutsies because if your feet aren't a good shape to rest you in with a nickel. Brandies is worth a trip from just about any place in South Florida for comfort style, fit, value and selection always think brandy shoes and you'll find them at 1290. Worth federal highway and popular beach. Brandies open daily money through Saturday, till 9 and every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupid spend of time to buy spares at Brandies. You know, it doesn't seem like Friday to me at all. We're doing a show tomorrow. What? That's not. It's a great time to buy spares. This week of Brandies take 20% off our great men's women style. So we should get into Brandies this week or do your shoe shopping right on their website on the wicked web at Brandieshues.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562A. A. A. I'm dying out of here. I think there might be something in the store. The assay and you know that the potty mouth guitar man. So give me warning. All right. 6 to 10 on ass you ass. I think he might say. He's the guy with this damn fellow. He's crying. He likes to think he's known the one. La da. He's bigger than the first. La da. Oh, no, no, no. His eyelids are the most. Oh, oh. The biggest man in the world today. Rock solid. He plays the songs that make you sleepy. He steals material from me. He gives the time and the weather's looking fine. His jobs of play the song again. La da. He's bigger than the first. La da. His eyelids are the most. La da. The biggest man in the world today. Let's make the song. I says the station. No. And bring the blood in here today. If the clap man could use another kid. He'd have more boring songs to play. La da. His bigger than the first. La da. His eyelids are the most. La da. The biggest man in the world today. That's a good thing. La da. His bigger than the first. His eyelids are the most. The shining finally got two votes by the way. The biggest man in the world. He said, there was no party mouth stuff. And they're not good term any. No. 251 votes on a poll we need 49 for 13. And we got like 26 minutes to do that. Should we be able to do it? Get with it. Anyway, the reason I played that. And you'll never believe this. This is a true story to show about my psychic powers. I haven't thought about this slab. I mean, a sky for a long time. Every now and then, something I mentioned on here. But this morning in the shower, no less. What a horrible place to it. I shouldn't have felt that. But I was just thinking about different things. And for whatever reason, it popped into my mind about us. You went and blob-lacitor. I don't know why. So, a skydiving my psychic. I get the hemy-jeebies just thinking about it. Now we get this fast from David Lakeland. Were they Bob-lacitor update? Do you believe that? Did you read it? Wow. Now, I could pretend that I'm saddened by this, but that would be a lie. Are you saddened by it? No, not really. Here's the facts. It says, our ran across Bob-lacitor's web blog online yesterday. Blog-lacitor.com. It seems Bob is in pretty bad shape. He had part of a foot-ampeted and is going blind. He says the vision loss has been slowed by treatment. It will be completely gone in three to four years, but he doesn't expect to live that long. He is pretty much confined to the house playing poker online all day. Very sad. I know you hated WSUM, but to me was the greatest station. What'll line up you head says, David Lakeland? What'll line up we head? What'll line up was that? I don't know. I don't know. It was you turned on us like a cornered red. Yeah. I remember that. And I got him hired out of the cornfields in Iowa after he was out of the business. And he got booted out of FLA or walked out in some kind of dispute, which he was always having. And I get to have the hire him to FLA to do more than a RSUM. We go over there and do a week shows because we're doing the studios in Miami and IOD. We go over to Tampa to do a week's show with a show. He's playing at the end of the day. It's all our food. We're all the food we had going in that place. Oh, for me. Yeah. We're just one nice man in the price for a hop at all that food up. And then goes on the air like badmasses and riffs us an ass. And I didn't even understand that because there wasn't even any kind of Neil Rogers joking going on. You weren't even throwing any shots in first off. I'm going to want to cut him in there. This was going to be the big thing. We're going to like hit Tampa like a ton of bricks in the beginning. We did. We had an appearance at a mall there. And the first that we had to him. The first thing we had like 5,000 people show up. We had radio people told us that they never seen anything like it in Tampa. 5,000 people showed up at a shopping mall to see Randy and Phil and me and Rick and Scott. Whoever was on. It didn't even make any sense to his attack. It was like he was possessed by the devil or something. No, I think it was because in ego when you're picking a face. It's a thing that makes the big fat size your ass. And so the fact that all these people showed up in action like this in the beginning. That all turned around. And then started to attack on everybody. At least it wasn't only me. It was everybody. And that's fine. That's up to him. And when we need issue in like we need is the friends say a welcome cup. We didn't need him. Right. But anyway. So now he's certainly when somebody's that gigantic he must have diabetes. Which goes along with his foot adaptation point and losing the eyesight. I'm telling you right now if you've got a bit of coffee nice human lot of carbohydrates and get your blood sugar up there responsibly. Okay. Yeah. Do it responsibly like I do. Right. Let me say it again. My blood sugar day after I had that Aberrantine. I admit that was an active lunacy. Half a gallon of nestle's uh, what was it heavily hash. Listen. And because I took an extra half a pill or extra pill. What about was the next day? My blood sugar was like what was it on 80? 90. Whatever was every fat man I've ever buried and I'm up to three now. You know, has always said the same thing right up to the day they died. I'm going to be a little lying. Well, what I make up my blood sugar. How why would I do that? No, you wouldn't make up your blood sugar. But it's like the gamblers. You know, you only talk about your good days. I have plenty of bad days. Not recently, though. Not recently. I'm on the straight. I mean, they gave a narrow pan. But after reading that about blah, you just watched. You see today. I'm going to like I got some veal parmesan in the refrigerator. That's it. Just think of how much you'll be able to eat if you only eat the right things. This is a guy. Yeah. This is a guy who this morning. Eight more food than most people eat in a lifetime. Okay. And that's just before you. Before Joshua. Yeah, you. I had eight bowl of chili. You ate your food. You know, get out of here. You ate all those sandwiches and chili. And like every day you're popping up these bacon and hogees. I mean, very light lunch every day. I don't have that. Why Joshua was before me. Now we didn't deny. I'll Mr. had Josh. I eat one sandwich or a bowl of chili or a Greek salad or two slices of pizza. Yeah, I'm going to eat. I'm going to throw it down over there. Josh was going to eat. I'm going to tell you between the beers and I will. He's going to be a tub. You'll see. He's like active. I'm active. I got news for it. I told a humpy bumpy day you're doing it. That's not going to where I'll follow the calories. Okay. I used to be active too. Then I got married. No. Now that's one in the end of the day. He's not doing much anymore. Especially after he hopefully learned his lesson the last time. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if that was the last time. This is new Roger. I'll be from home anyway. He's five, sixteen, thirty. Five, five, sixteen. Well, I don't know. My usual producer is at a young man. I'm a young Republican's clan, Raleigh. And by now, I guess he's just hanging around. I'm stuck with this kid over here. I know most of the big shot brought up in the city. What a hell of a yo. Josh? Wait. You listen to me. My own salary didn't pay for him. I'm on the payroll. Well, you listen to me. My salary, but inexperienced friend. Who is it? From the year of the two years? Well, you'll listen to me. My underrated friend. From 27. Well, you'll listen to me. My older brother, my younger sister. Friend? Not gay. You're by the way, something. You know what I did? How old Jason Stone died? Who? Well, you'll listen to me. My unenformed child-like friend? Is it? Oh, no. Oh, no. Not a kiss. Not a kiss. There's no shoes in my pants. Who? Who? And how did a little brain signal? That is a man? And? Who's a boy? Who? Oh, you can dance now. What do you say? How? How? Who? I started. Yes. And my stress was peaceful. You're just on, I mean, that Dingo Berry rhymes with... You're fair, right? I feel like that. You know what does? So what about that last thing? I was actually thinking about a whole blob of this morning. I was like, I'm not saying I was like in deep... That's something that you were thinking about. Yeah. I said, I was going... When you cross me, you wind up dead. I've never seen it. I don't want to start like a... Mr. Carma. If you cross me, you will die. It will be a terrible... To a miserable cuss. That is correct. You'll come to me. We can end. You want to say end? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, speaking of people coming to a wicked end, the Harold was all obsessed with his story, which I kind of like laid off. I was a little bit suspicious too. Archdiocese, schooled death list, was actually a birthday list. Did you see this story earlier in this week? They were like all over this life. It's different, right? The infamous death list written by a student, a pop-in-o-beach Catholic school, has turned out to be a birthday list according to the Archdiocese of Miami. Or maybe it was just a list of prospective alter-boys. The BSO, however, will not confirm the intent of the student who wrote the list until its investigations includes the label of the Sanctanune, Sheriff's Office, folks many who graph says. Earlier this week, parents who children tend to say Elizabeth of a hungry school in Paparotech, a K through eight school, or furious when they learned these school-to-como-struits to inform them that a death list would 12 students names on it was found. A BSO investigation began after the publisher of a local community newspaper contact, contacted BSO on Tuesday, later that day, school officials and letter-to-fairants confirming that such a list existed. BSO, no, BSO. Oh, that's it. The detective said included their investigation of the determinant list was in fact a birthday list said Mary Ross Augusta, communicating director of the Archdiocese of Miami, says she received confirmation from the BSO this morning. The name of the seventh-grader has been released in the student Lomatoe State, this was a chart. Well, I mean, if you put together a birthday list, you've got to only know what you're going to do. Those people on their birthday, especially if it's a Catholic school. The birthday list conclusion was one of the many rumors circulated by parents on Thursday who were at the school to pick up their kids. It's a birthday list and that's why I'm not concerned that a woman named Annette was picking up her three kids at the school. And the hero who I can rotten hell, if you said, Yamama. So, socks and hell. So, what about that blob, both thing now? That ties in with this other story that I wanted to give in here today. And if you put over eating and, you know, getting all that great hair, I'll try to cut down. After a century of nearly uninterrupted medical improvements and longer lives, it looks like a baby woman's good, true things up, blah, blah. A new government study shows deaths from heart disease, cancer and stroke continued to drop, and also shows that half of American ages, 55 to 64, including the oldest of the baby mommers, have high blood pressure and 2 and 5 ROBs. That's me, high blood pressure and obese. Although, not in blah, it was category. Now, did you ever encounter him? Yeah, remember I drove up there? I was there at that appearance. You were there. Yeah. So, you saw a monster in the, I thought he was the much reduced according to you, blah, blah, sir. Oh, well, I'm not going to hear you. He must have ballooned up again. Anyways, is this means that this large group of aging Americans is in worship in some respects to those born a decade earlier when they were the same age? Medical improvements to come years might have set these problems before they affect life expectancy, but there are no promises, how professionals said, blah. The late 50s, early 60s, are crucial time to focus on disease prevention, so Dr. Julie Gabbarding directed the, you know, the CVC in Atlanta. It's never related to adopt the healthy lifestyle to enjoy a longer healthier life. You're that? I hear it. Josh? Not led to a, adopt a healthier lifestyle, which is not mean getting drunk and puke in your gut side every night. Doesn't mean, uh, corrosion around with every, anyway, told me the secret and do that he, he'd want to be dead. That's right. Well, I can see that. The drinking or the corrosion both, both, right, spackage. Among the findings, deaths from heart disease, cancer and stroke donations to, well, you see, you are, I guess, to be or what I am to like, I'm not a fear guy, by the way, I drink out. Oh, what are you drinking? I've sharded an A, I drink whiskey. Grandma, boom, whiskey. And for, you mean like JB? Can you be? You know, I, you know, you know, I didn't. Jimmy beam, everyone's in a long. I'm a carol. I'm a carol. I want ground royal. Oh, man, we are lush. That's for white people. You know, it's almost the end of the week. I know. And this, this, this, lung head. Deaths from heart disease, cancer and stroke donations to eating killers all dropped in 2003. They were down between two and five percent. America's life expectancy, all see this, this is supposed to be the first of the article after they were in all of us baby boomers. You're going to die. Well, yes, sooner or later. Americans' life expectancy increased again. That must be because of those fantastic prescription drugs that we're seeing advertised on the news every night for hours and hours. Be sure and ask your doctor, no, you're doctor and tell me you want viox. According to the government calculation, it's child born in 2003. Can expect to live 77, 76, and point six years on average, up from 77.3 to year before in 1990, life expectancy was 75.3. But there was an interesting thing about that I found in this story that what it was in. And I can find it. That if you're like, those people are like the 60 if you like 65 now that you're going to get to, you're going to look at 82 is the average. So I guess the deal is in other words, if you made it this far, right, and now I can't find that. I know it's here in the story because I think I put that we put this on the line. And I can't find it. Gosh dang it. Well, whatever. You find it? You see it? No. Well, anyway, 82 is says. And of course, when I got my good genes, what I got like, both parents of to be 90, and look from endlessly good health that I'm, I probably be kicking around 100. I'm going to work till the last day too. You know, if it's, you can only imagine how stale this material be by them. This is a meal right here. It's also so totally. It's 5.62 a second. Are they you thirsty? Anybody has a opinion? Disenting from our way. Your reputation is not even too dusty. And the me of the state. Don't give us a lot to ask. You're trying to indulge me. Everybody's running fast. Not as you were saying. And we ask the free-dry genes. We're watching our love view. Everyone's not the same, yeah. So much for you. We got this formation. And don't you mind this. We push motherlandation. I ask you where to say. They got it. Hey, those who. Oh, that's the same. They borrow school. They need everything we can. And the state run you. Blood water for the poor friend. We love your husband. I'm hoping to pay me for you. That's too waste day. We don't find you see our job. Or by the time that he's born. We're gossiping. Don't we know stupid books. All the others will be seen. The past is married to him. And everybody's turning fast. Plus, that's your way. And we still got some more to do here. We got two minutes remaining in the half. We need eight more votes to get to 13. And we'll be for the show ends and if we don't, we might take the whole week off next week. I'm going to see you at our job. I'm just keeping an eye on him and make sure you don't get in the big trouble. 1292. Anyway, here's the. I'm going to point out. Make sure you get into a lot of trouble. Name something or someone strictly for a suitable. Call. How you say it? You're going to get to the 1300 or not. Because between the late 1295. Oh, this is going to be 10. We got to men in three seconds. Poetry 96 classical music 95. Pollo 92 jazz 81. Suity 58. For Suity. Chess 55. They've Matthews van 51. Jeopardy 46. Paris 40. Doctora 37. Let's check it out, baby. For in films 28. Minced of 26. What do you got? 27. Oh, 36 seconds. We need few votes. What do you got? I got 29 seven way. How do you man? 12 97. 32. 12 98. We first hit one more time. NPR 21. The New Yorker magazine. What do you got? He's okay. Bye. Bye. Bye.