to 97 is hurricane hotline join head coach Larry Coker and choose a daddy at Don Billy Jr. right here. This is for 25 60s. 2A. How about that? The hero has been a soda 30 to 1. They happen to be the second favorite in the NFC at 8 to 1. Can't that paper ever get anything right? No. Good morning, Neil. No. Do do do do. I'm a buddy. Very jackass. What a quiz. Man. You'll vomit, man. You'll just have to know that you forgot you wait. It's unbelievable about the, you know, about when we missed the, uh, any time about Monday night football, we missed, uh, co-cell in the humor of Don Meredith. And then he goes on about the steady tones of Frank Geford. I mean, what, what is this man talking about? Frank Geford was a doord. Good. God. Barry, you're just a quizman. You're an idiot. You're a hero. But nevertheless, he's a blovier. Yeah. Well, at least part of that anyway. Hey, Barry. You're fair. So this, uh, I got a great DVD for you, a great movie that I know you'll enjoy. Yeah. I thought George sent it to me and I will actually did send it. But it was, was, was, was, was, was, was, man, this movie just blew me away standing in the shadows of Motown. Ah. The soul behind the sound and the funk brothers. I think I saw that. Did you see that? I think so. It is just. Yeah. I have so little of the outstanding. Yep. And I'm just motivated to me to do our poll today on black recording artists. And I went out and bought a whole bunch of new and I know. I'm glad you brought that up. Cause you know what bothers me. This is super full pre game show is going to be the Rolling Stones. The game's being played in Detroit this year. Oh, no. You know, the great one. This would be perfect. Oh, of course. Yeah. Get the funk brothers out there and there's some great recording artists. Great singers on here. I mean, why wouldn't you put Stevie Wonder out there? You know, all the great recording artists. Guys who are our honest, the CD like Gerald thevert and Ben Harper, which I've ever heard have been Harper before. Yeah. The exact process. The problem. You know, those aren't people that, you know, they're. The most important thing. Yeah. Well, the most sound thing is huge. And then we can be a music. They're playing the Detroit and they're bringing the Rolling Stones in for the entertainment. Yeah. I think that was one of the only good part of that is maybe the Stones will sing some of those anti bush songs. But I'm sure they won't. No. I was saying to make sure that the league is already taken care of that. If the media were as critical of this illegal invasion of Iraq, and you notice almost a thousand people died in that stamp he did vague that yesterday, which of course that goes way into the background on the news because of what's happening in the world in some Gulf port and Biloxi. But if they were as critical of the administration on that stuff as they are on this female, and the rightfully so, all the politicians being totally unprepared, you know, the army Corps of Engineers only yesterday was starting to feel sandbags to. Sure up the levee and they're starting to do that today. Well, it's a little late. Yeah, just a little bit late, don't you think? I would say. And all those people are just foaming it to mouth. They're just furious about what we haven't seen anybody and where's the food and where's the water and, you know, this business about the homeland security is going to be the biggest pile of BS. And if anybody really thinks that if we sustain a real serious, like a chemical or a biological attack, that they're prepared to deal with it, you're dreaming. This is a busy, busy, busy, busy. You're tax money down the drain on the illegal war in Iraq and also giving tax cuts to the rich. That's what the busy will pay us on the base. That's what it's happened in the last week. It's time to get out of there and take care of our own period. Amen. And we're the Democrats, it's just for a small handful. We're going to hell out of these screaming and railing, you know? Yeah. They're just content to sit back and watch the whole thing feel so that they use it for politics next year. That's the problem with a country, both parties suck. Yeah. And they become irrelevant. Yeah. That's correct. That shows you the leaders. The first bus by the way, they cut from the super dome to the Estidon, the first bus that cut to Houston was common deered. Were you aware of that? No. Yeah. We mean common deered. It was taken over by the passengers in other words. Oh, that's a story. That's the story, this hour, I know you're on the air. But you were evacuated to the super dome. I mean, hijacked the bus? Yes. They hijacked the freaking bus. You see the kind of chaos that's going on there? I mean, when you go and have any clothing or any water or any food, or what do you do? You go and steal a TV set. I would steal food. Yeah. Well, you know, I see I think that if they're stealing food and water, they should everybody should look the other way. I have no problem with that. Yeah. Because first of all, they don't think anybody does. They don't like a buy it because they're on any stores open for the most part. Number two, nobody's got any money anyhow. It's not like they can go to the bank and use their ATM card. I mean, it's hopeless. So I can see the food in the water. But where is the government been with the food in water? This thing I've been in the water. I've been in the water. Bigness crisis ever seen. Why have a question for the alluders? What do you do with the television set? Once you're alluding, where are you going to take it? Sell it. Sell it. Who's going to buy a thousand? They go to some of the alluders taking the merchandise that they stole into the shelters with them. Yeah, but there's no place to go. I mean, I mean, hook up a hundred. I understand man, but hey, it's chaos. Certainly is. Can't go there, though. You understand. You can't say these things. But anyway, getting back to Motown. And I'll see that fits right in. It doesn't have to have that would be a perfect thing for the, yeah, what? For Detroit. But that would make too much sense. It just, I just don't understand that. Yeah. I mean, they could have Michael Jackson. We could certainly have. And I think I've just didn't think of it. And Janet Jackson. We could sure have a Motown. Yep. And I guarantee you, nobody take their clothes off. Oh, Motown. I mean, the history of Motown and all those artists. Yeah, it's incredible. It's tremendous to roll those people out there. I guess you won't be bitten on the fur grounds today, huh? I'm not for a while, no. Totally underwater. You know what that means? That means that all those horsemen will be here this winter. Yeah. Because the fur grounds, it's going to be a long time before they operate. I saw the head or clip of a seal. Did you see that? I saw one of the shark. It was a shark. Now, we're going to help the seal come from. I don't know the head. Well, maybe from the zoo, probably. Well, they had three. Three. So, the shark swimming through the French Quarter. And can you imagine the snakes and the rats? It's unthinkable. Yeah, the whole deal. And they said the levees were built to withstand a category three. That makes a lot of sense to me. This was forecast a year ago. Well, actually, the times pickyon had been writing stories about this. I got an article on that. The New Orleans paper, the times pickyon for years about the fact that this was going to happen and that the money that had been allocated wasn't being spent. And of course, now they can't do it. They've got so many of the military over there in Iraq and busy with tax cuts for the rich. It's just a scandal. And she's sure up to the public exactly what your government is doing. Not. Do you think any other government is going to come to R-Aid? No. Well, maybe the Canadian government A. Oh, yeah. The relations have never been better. Oh, brother, every day there are stories here about how much the hate that exists now. That's what Bush has done. The whole world hates the US. Oh, nevertheless, why do you always say you've been in the Estudome? I'm sure in Superdome. Oh, the Estudome and the Superdome. Oh, yeah. Both. I've been to both. Yeah. Yeah. I stayed in that high at hotel every time I've been to about half a dozen Superboles in the Orleans and all of a sudden. Yeah, because I didn't know that because I never been to Biloxi because it's, you know, Biloxi's for going. But the, you see that one of the floating casinos, the hurricane actually lifted and dropped it right on top of the holiday. And did you see that? Yeah, I did see that. Crushed it. Just dropped it right on top of the hotel and crushed it. And all across another thing, most people are talking about right now is jobs. You know, I forget how many thousand they said a half a million dollars a day. It's going to cost in Mississippi because of the revenue that's going to be cut off from the casinos. And then the thousands of jobs. Yep. And what do the kids do? Or, you know, supposed to be in school? You know, I mean, they don't have schools to go to. Right. Every five minutes, I think, is something else. You know, is this how these people's lives have been totally up there? No house, no money, no clothes, nothing. No food, the only people who got half a million people got out of there. All the people with money got out. Yeah. Well, that was another thing too. I mean, how come it took them? The moment that they saw, and again, I don't care what anybody says. The forecast is really blue. This whole thing. Oh, it's going to become a category two or three when it gets in the Gulf. The minute they saw it, developing into what it was category five, they had three days. We saw a days to really do a job of getting all those people out of there. And they didn't do it. I mean, some people didn't just hard to ask, they refused to leave. But they just didn't get the job done. They should have had every bus, every, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And even as it is now, they've got a limited number. They've got 300 buses. And the people that are sitting on a highway is there, which they would say, you know, the overpasses where they could find dry ground. They've been dying right there in a highway because they haven't had any water. Right. And they're just rushing aside that bodies. They can't. Right. Right. That's because they're so under a staff that unprepared that they can't, you know, they're not even doing a job of finding the people who are still alive. I don't know how you prepared for a disaster that magnitude. You have to, unless you just send in the troops, you know, but our troops aren't available right now. You know, exactly. That's my point. Yep. Okay, Neil. On that note, I hope you have a good day. Oh, Neil. I own a filly. She makes her debut Saturday at Mama. Really? Yeah, running for the first time. Right. Her name is My Sis Liz. Okay. Keep an eye out for her. She's, uh, she can run. Does that mean we're supposed to bed on her Saturday? I mean, well, keep an eye out. Is trans, yeah, translation. Yeah. Don't beat around the bush. Plines your guts out on your brains out. Take that. Take it right to the window. Just root for the horse. So I could have gone to a wood vine and, uh, bed on that. Yeah. Just hope for for me so I can get the cash, you know, who's going to be a riding? Uh, we don't know. They were trying to get Joe, but it's a mom, if Joe Brambo. Yeah, but I don't think Bravo's available. So I like any king. He's pretty good rider there. But, uh, I don't know. He's no, you know, Larry King. Uh, mixed to you those betrayer and Nick is, uh, finding a rider today. So I would think that how they are cost a lot would fly. But he'll just to ride your horse. I don't think so. I think he has better things to do with Saratoga. Okay. All right. I'm glad you saw that movie. That makes me feel every deemed anyway. Like I'm not the only one that's so I'm loved and I'm like, oh yeah, it's terrific. You know, have a good day, Neil. See you in Detroit. All right. Not. See you. No, the sword even loves Neil Rogers. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I am a dolphin, don't bet on them you'll always lose That's a good But dolphins can't eat anyone can't even beat the spread I wish that Vince Lombardi could come back from the dead Nick Sabin makes some practice while he wears that soup head Had to fill end up like their last head coach That loser day once that and there the Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins number Twenty teams in the league Thirty in Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins, I'm a stunt you a how about you Some dolphins are in trouble But lots of legal strides They're tied and like so we're got By beating up this wife Have to team our criminals, the other have sun drugs And this is what will happen when you draft up for your fugs And there the Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number Twenty teams in the league Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins, they really are a mothi crew But dolphins have no clock in They've got no passing games I've got just one suggestion They ought to change their name To the Miami tampons And why didn't such a thing They're good for just one theory And have no second string And they're up Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number Twenty teams in the league Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Fuckin' the fancy kindergarten Oh no! Two suck But dolphins have no ball Except the ones they're playing with I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it It doesn't matter if the never has another token It seems at 15 playoff Three cab all gone up This open there Miami Dolphins Oh Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number Four thousand, 42 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Now they're free Oh Oh Oh They're only good for one period They have no second string One of the great lines in the history of mankind I would say Yeah, I'm pretty sure that it's the last preseason game Tonight how those tickets come Oh yeah You know what you saw right Perry yesterday I asked him What did he say? He says, you know, we're not the flagship station anymore So he's going to have to look into that We're not the flagship station So in other words, I'm not getting my tickets I'll take the cash Thank you Me too Yeah If I get the cash, you're screwed But that's another sort That's what Duff said this morning You're fairy So yeah, that's an interesting part We're not the flagships So what does that have to do with it? I just don't understand what that means In other words, so that's in my contract That I get those tickets Hey, Ray Perry, you and the Troy Maybe they can look I'd like to see that Which one would be on top Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Oh Wow One more To the Ah Ah Ah Ah Oh Frank it Yeah, of course A joining man with studio today Is a very very special guest The Diabolical and infamous pillow popper RUN RUN RUN Just for this occasion We had him bowed Yeah One A whale is so much more Active dog health sensor This way I won't get any neocontouries on my hand He's not right, Rosanna You are like that Mr. High Moral round there Uh This is for white number one Thanks Uh White number Chill Ah Oh Oh White number Oh Oh Oh Oh And a dressed in pumps and rubber I am got three lands for Oh We I'm a swimmer Ah When we come back I will That is And rights Before You are A full eight cigarette Behind My dear To the top On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On a evening On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the evening On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the evening On 무� Cela Onслиah On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon On the afternoon This came up of anyway. Just keep clicking on it. Jordan is pulling yesterday 855 vote which best describes American news outlets corporate puppets that was my vote 200 Blathering idiots 184 death loving Vultures 162 CNN now he's gotten into the maybe Ricky Sanchez talk them that when he got there right if it bleeds it leads But yeah, well, let's read. Oh, we can just back that up and show it again Yeah, whatever grotesque stuff they got bodies floating water 90 times got man just you just a bunch of grave robbers The people see it and should all be dead including especially the one at center right now Mrs. No picture. It's just audio. Yeah, Mrs. Largas a diversion 41 liberal 37. Oh, yeah, that liberal media grave robbers 31 type of active Too many Ricky Tiki Sanchez people on there religious cheerleader 17 fair and Valence 14 immature 7 and Warmongers 5 George is cool Yes, today. Here's a facts from Rick who's obviously pissed off and fired up. He says he'll go chava as offered his country itself After pet don't call me a dictator Robertson called for his assassination I gave George the perfect plan to evacuate those people but everything is in Iraq gas is going through the roof Atlanta got up to six bucks to gallon for gas for regular nuts of cream He says thank you Mr. Bush you shmuck trying to be the big man by releasing from the oil reserves It doesn't matter how many barrels of oil released because they're no refinery. So you've heard it Gasoline you shmuck you idiot you quizzling you You're fair. Pray for us. Neal see what the board of a says in my car converted into a book going cross Niagara River a good luck to you And here's the deal. Oh, let me just I was inspired for the poll today before we get in a little bit of this ground I'm not gonna spend four hours today. Well, what's the point? You know, nationally my teeth and all the Requimitations and about this one didn't do that. It's just obvious that your government is just in fact The people in the states in Louisiana Mississippi and Alabama are just foaming at the mouth with FEMA They're furious with a federal government. Did you see Mary Landrou on there the senator from Louisiana the day? No, just reaming and ripping an ass, but nevertheless all the reaming and ripping isn't gonna help those dead people It's not gonna help those desperate starving people and homeless people all the stuff that's going on there Your government once again totally unprepared and see this And I disagree with Hank when he said you know, how could they have been prepared for a catastrophe of this magnitude? That's the point you have to prepare for the worst the worst case scenario and keep in mind When it came on sure it wasn't even a category I was a strong four it was just under category five strength What a finding made landfall am I right right for yes? Well, I want to make sure I get it right cuz then for I'll come in again on there's Tuesday morning and bitch Me out for give me wrong information about the hurricane. It's all your fault. Everyone was complacent that's right I got everybody to complacent I didn't go on the year and say make your preparations now as come in sooner than later I didn't say me of those things But anyway, I'm not even gonna go into it try your an idiot. Okay, but nevertheless So the movie that's so thank you, so it's Coleman. I thought it was you I thought you were talking about damn it. Huh? No, I told you that So it's gave me this movie to give to you standing in the shadows of Motown the soul behind the sound It's about the fuck brothers, which was the group that backed up all of the great Motown artists In fact, it says they backed up more if I want to get it right more number one hits Here it is then the beast boys rolling stones Elvis and the Beatles combined Making them the greatest at machine and history of popular music and that inspired me to the pool They also got a lot of a bunch of Motown and by the soundtrack from this and also on this in the movie There are some people singing they're none of the original singers from the songs You got all the musicians and they've got some great people on there like Gerald the vert who does retail Be there and Ben Harper, which I had never heard of Ben Harper before who's just sensational He's like the new Marvin gay man. He is fantastic. He's even better than Marvin. Yeah, in my opinion I mean everything that that's available for free of course right Of course for three so our poll question today is Who was or is the all-time best black recording artist or group now when they're like artists like Diana Ross You know on a gaze you went out on her own all of other stuff But I didn't I didn't duplicate in other words. She's probably supreme So I just put supreme so I'm saying I got it there are a whole bunch of people like that like I didn't put the Jackson five I just got Michael while I got that backwards, but anyway We could change it. No, no because I picked whichever one made more sense to me I didn't put smokey Robinson I put the miracles I didn't put David rough and I put the temptation. You follow what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know I didn't put Martha reuse I put Martha anyway, so here's what we got so far and it just let me say it again And one thing about the soft floor to crowd or at least our audience anyway your taste and music and and don't ever ever Tell me that my taste and music is bad again. Don't ever see that which I'm always getting that because I'm an old-todd Okay, cuz I don't like Raff and crap. That's what they like they like garbage see and and this proves this movie proves beyond a shadow of a doubt And as if us old timers did already know that us old coots that You know rather than the R and B artists I mean All my back to fats wall or in so many others they they would have ones that really made music There are ones that paved the way for Elvis and all the others and the stones But nevertheless they'll confuse that with this crafted passage of music today I mean what they'll could I possibly know who is or was the old-trandest black recording artist or group and you people say Jimmy Henricks Is God oh my god could he sing? No, no he's a great guitarist Well the great guitar players of all time Jimmy Henricks and one the great pot smokers, but great singer He was a screamer. Well not that kind of screamer No, he was just a shout or he was like What's your name me and Bobby McGee? Oh, Dennis. Yeah, and not seriously. He was like a black-jandish dablin This is you don't see the comparison. Oh, yeah, the green were a wailer, but great he wasn't a singer And he got him number one that that just makes that makes my kishki's twist What about chubby chepers because we put chubby on the court which is Chubby checker on there Jimmy Henry 31 Ray Charles 28 Bob Marley 18 month See this is your influence see Jimmy Hendrix and Bob Marley. It's the let's roll up the Even fat went into Miami Harold and smoke at that crowd 19 coal 17 tag with a temptation 70 that King Cole was like a black Perry coma. What are you people talking about that? King Cole. Oh, please baby cracker, please Michael Jackson 11 Marvin Gaye 11 TV Wonder eight Chuck Berry seven Afro man's got five I might have to play the little Afro man not too much James Brown for Otis ready for elephant zeroed for Prince for Louis Armstrong three hello Yeah, he was a great Charlie pride tree platter three these supreme only three Commodore's two Ben Harper got another one. I voted for Ben. He's great. He is so good at scary He's Donald Mike. He got a pair Sammy Davis Jr. Two. L'Avel Richie two which scary two packed two. He's still dead One spinners one that is night one sand cook one Disney's tile got one big you small go one the unwarped What are we two friends on one fat stomter one four tops one and none yet for Earthwood and firebury white the O.J. Marvel That's it when star Jimmy Reffen Jackie Wilson very well. What he Houston Lou Rawls got rule Janet Jackson's highlights Martha the medals the eyes of the brothers or the miracles out of our first How many we got 200 vote man? Oh Jimmy has a message for Larry stop vaccine Larry about what Whatever his multi-page facts is that the newspapers won't print we don't want to hear it either Oh, okay, yeah, we're just out in the mood for rubbing bugged by chronic factions like you Larry go away and come back another day Crisis in New Orleans no kidn huh. That's the thing in of course Larry King is got 18 four-hour specials on it With a great panel. He's got you know, he deals with everything the same. It's just another story and You know, one of the politicians is under a singer one whoever he had on the phone This isn't just a story. This is a you know human tragedy Oh, and we got that we're gonna be all over this story Yeah, you're just a grave robber Larry and your suspenders by the way make it look like a hunchback There's Neil Roger This is 562 Hello and welcome to a colonist fair which is president thanks for calling in one your invocation Where you now and for the with my little brother Jeff George it's this race You're gonna set a record provocation time for any president ever I agree with you I think what you're done is really important Right, but we're with you and wish you all the very best thanks for taking my phone call And George who works lunch and now get back to work, but I guess You I'm telling you right now. Yeah, believe me or not. Well, they will believe me because they're tastes like they're said most of them is in their trush. Here's an anonymous facts fake facts trying to get me like all with the wire. You always write down the dolphins. In addition, why you're always putting it on the bush family, jab George, etc. Our president doing your good job protecting us at home. You should be thankful side anonymous. I've to watch for you anonymous. Yeah, mama. Okay. That's all I have to say to you. Broward residents are still in advance. Used to avoid shortages. Word that hurricane Katrina's bell coast landfall may affect fuel supplies and heating warnings from FPNL Florida, Plunder and Loot cities throughout Broward County. Yesterday, it was residents to conserve energy at home, work in their daily commutes. In other words, if you like, let's say live in Boca and you work in Northeal like Mo just walk to work or to bicycle with. Huh? All right. Or can you see Mo come to work on a bike? I can see that. Beach cruise room. Sure. Or maybe I want to those things to those segues. Broward officials are putting together a plan to make sure they have enough fuel for police and fire departments. They also have open a fifth birth at poor neighborhoods for oil tankers and effort to bring in as much fuel as possible. And thank you again, by the way, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. We don't have any hard debt. I believe there will be assurance County Administrator, Roger Dijar Lee said officials and forlaterative temptation highly and dear field. Beach are also keeping close watch on their gas supplies and put out a bulletin the city employees to limit their use of gas. Well, back in the day, we can have some good sound effects for that. But we haven't got any no Mo. We've been having off our fuel tanks and notifying our department heads to the priority to police and fire dear field Beach City Manager Larry Deach in said as a precautionary measure floor to plan to reduce asking residents to conserve energy. The storm took our refineries and oil rigs said FPNL spokesman Bill Swank, much of that fuel that we use for generating electricity is being restricted now. Not willing to take the chance on shortening ginger just try to be higher prices. Motorists line up for gas to some local state. I saw the clips on that, man. It just lined up 8 million long like a bunch of crazy people. Cars packed the BP gas station opened part of our North West 21st Avenue, somewhere there just because they need to top off their tanks. Well, it wasn't that nice. Thanks a lot. Other such as Oscar Tio and a 17 year old daughter, stockpile gasoline, my regular was still available 260 9 a gallon and we just third visit since Tuesday. It's going to go up to 047 or 4 Loderedale said Wednesday filling your five gallon gas container. I have five of these babies. He also has a van in two cars with full tanks. For Frank Morone, on my own. That's what they're saying about the hurricane, my own. When did I strip to the pump was routine? He fills up his pickup once a way I don't want to read all his shit. So they're going to like gouge you and the rape you and it just continues the rape of the American public and thank you again, Mr. Presidente, even though your name is Bush. The evacuation of the super-almost suspended a day after shots were reported fired and a military helicopter and arson fires broke out outside the arena. No injuries immediately reported. The scene at the super-dom that came increasingly chaotic with thousands of people rushing from nearby hotels and other buildings hoping to climb out of the buses taking evacuees from the arena. Paramedics became increasingly alarmed by the sight of people with guns. That's one of the things that they stole along with shoes. A lot of tons of a re-box and Nike's man, got some nice shoes and video games, a lot of people steal video games and binoculars and you see all the stuff they were stealing? Yeah. Every plasma TV's and of course lots of firearms. Every kind of gun to think of fine. It's totally gone. Can I remind of me of what was the movie that you'll make a man with your own head? Oh yeah, what are my favorites? Yeah. Can I remind of me of that suit? Shots were fired at a military helicopter over the super-dom before daybreak. He said the National Guard told him it was sending a hundred military police officers to restore order. That's not enough. He said, indicating ambulance is based in Lafayette, Louisiana. We need a thousand. Lieutenant Colonel Pete Snyder, the Louisiana National Guard said the military which was handling the evacuation of the Abelbody from the super-dom had suspended operations too because fire set outside the arena. We're preventing buses from getting close enough to pick people up. Just a little bit of chaos I would say. And... Where's that story about? I got to hear somewhere. There it is. Oh seriously about the, yeah, I was telling Hank. The first bus to turn up at the Houston Stadium arrived unexpectedly early in authority said later that apparently had been common-deared and driven to Houston with his load of passengers eager to escape a city lacking electricity and fast running short of food and water. People on the bus, some of them described heroin conditions in the super-dom were allowed, did you see that the two people committed suicide? It is junk. Yes. We're allowed into the astrodom which is installing thousands of cuts where Houston's professional baseball and football teams will once played and keep in mind in the places that were hit by the store by the hurricane. There's not only is there no drinking water. There's no water period. In other words, there's no toilets to be flushed as what I'm trying to say delicately. So if there are things floating in the water, the best alligator. Just hot gators. They keep talking about dead bodies floating in the water. I think there may be worse things floating in the water. Titi rope. They call those floaters. Something that Houston from the destruction of the world is expressed anger. They couldn't join those from the super-doms. Skate-tilted be temporarily housed in the astrodom. And there were some people that, you know, they listen to the advisories on a weekend and they got in their vehicles and they drove to Houston and they went to the astro and those people aren't being let in. They're not being let in. They're not being let in. They're with their little kids, their families, and they're not being let in. So in other words, if they're not coming on the buses, so what they probably, those people are going to have to do is come and do one of the buses when it gets to town. It gets to Houston. You mean hydrant? Rod and say that coming in here. Here's a fact this is, I see their maturity events and telephones being set up for the hurricane. Having said that I feel with billions of dollars going up for a pointless war, a troops drank low because of that. What a joke. I have compassion for the disaster, but to flip the bill on or in this or this in some way, it rubs me the wrong way. This is a government problem they should pay. Well, guess what? They're not going to okay. Jesus. Good guy. I mean his points are all valid and you're absolutely correct in the test that's the rich which I had that story about the Pickey in Times in Louisiana, which is warned about this whole thing going to happen for a long for years now. But in the meantime, this business is standing back and saying, well, we warn you people and above and just be one of those, you know, told you so kind of people that doesn't get the job done. Just like to meet you now with all, you know, it's fine that they're ripping an ass that's great and they're right about nothing prepared enough. But what could is that do right now? Don't we have plenty of time to do that? All the recommendations like later on after we like scrape up all the dead by, did you see that there were caskets that look like a scene out of passions? Look like the tsunami on passions a few weeks ago. There were caskets floating in the water. Yeah. Already occupied though. Well, it's unbelievable just to be on beyond description, beyond words. And you know, FEMA were doing a great job or we need to know you're not. You're doing an embarrassing it. But like I said, recriminations later, click on the red crossing on our website, Donut a few bucks. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. New 셋ies, yeah. That's youeltel maneuver.控s over this performance by the dolphin. Tell me about it. This is your place to feel a party at the border station, boy See you's ladling, all the blinds is quiet And you can't give the double empty, clearly tell us just why St. C. So fast, everywhere Next thing you know, take a look, charge for fair Best thing to do, you should try to see Turn on the walk, to what it will be Brightness will hide us of thoughts Brightness will hide us of thoughts Brightness will hide us of thoughts Is that high of pride on the day and for Be them, burn this golden gaser One through soul, double you tear lay am Out there in the shadow of love Let the heaven walk the party to come I'll be looking at the shadow of love I'll be looking at the form of party to come What's that, nobody got All the glory of hope will be enough With a few more, all the glory of hope will be enough Just look again, you know, take a look at me Call the devil, call the devil And when you push the fire on the wall I'll be looking at the house And I'll teach you right now, baby Didn't I do the best, I'll do it right in front Your hood, no shame, you'll die Okay, 1047 and 560 here's the oil We're back to Frankie Lime, again, no one opened the french line That's the same one dimension, leave me out there again That's what I'm going to do, I'll be looking at the house Frankie Lime and the water Greatest black singer of all time I'll say this, I vote for him before I vote for Jimmy Hendrix Jimmy Hendrix has got a comfortable lead, he'll win We ought to have an asterisk nest And pardon these people, they're just scorned off their ass They don't want to know a singer if you It's all name recognition with them, whatever Get out of here, name recognition Yeah, stay to mine name recognition all of that Is that what it is? They don't know who these other people are, they don't know I don't want to go into it, it's just too sad I guess we could take a call or two because I got to like some stuff on the hurricane And on the your federal government and on FEMA and all of a sudden Of course, all is dead people in the bag that stand peed I'd like to pull it out to you, the reason that that happened It was like somebody on fire on a crowded theater Yeah, everybody panicked And let me just say this to you, the rumor that was going around Is that there was a suicide bomber because they already They already had shot in the crowd, the insurgents And there were some bodies laying around And oh, we got a suicide bomber and I'm interested in everybody panicked That's what caused the stamp peed I just would like to point out and passing nothing Anybody cares, especially the people in the media That before the Iraq attack by the US and it's a couple of allies There wasn't any, there were no suicide attacks in Iraq And it wasn't all of this bloodshed and chaos going on You know, sometimes a dictator is not that bad Especially when we put in there in the first place, by the way WCU, I am hello Hey Neil, you know bad news about that, see you, you know they shot it About what? You know that seal you talking about it What? Show me how you? Then they popped the twice in the head that Anderson Cooper was reporting, and they said it put him out of his misery They should not pop to Anderson Cooper in the head twice instead of the seal If I had a choice, you're an idiot and you're a quizzling, you're an imbistil You people on CNN including Mrs. Limbaugh Our Rick Fantes is in New Orleans See what I'm saying? There's an answer all your questions I'm curious, thanks to whatever Darren you just redeemed yourself Now get it divorce and come to your senses WCU, I am hello Hey, Sally Hey Neil, I just want some a question We all are countries millionaires We're still gay, the head started to Donald Trump Or poor I've been in some money, it's not $10,000 Or poor And it doesn't any butcher cars, it's not some money That big Oh, she gets another deal with a car manufacturer She can send everybody a car, there's no roads to drive a month But she'll like, you know, she'll email him Get your car on an email Another good idea? Excellent We're going to email everybody in the audience the car WCU, I am hello Yes sir Why is it that nobody on the news or nobody's talking about The fact that every year there's more and more hurricanes and more and more stronger I mean, they are, I just got through reading articles about that on Tuesday If you pay attention sir, if you get with it If you understand about the global warming thing Which and if you read the stories on our website You know, but he's right, they're not really talking to the media much about it The mainstream so-called mainstream media They're too busy doing their grave robbing They got lunatics covering it like If we can find some people and as you're navigating through these Like Ricky Tiki Sanchez, oh brother No wonder they're hyperventilating their uncedent That was the end when they hired that in that case That was the end They were already right on the edge they were wobbling Like less Cooper would say they were wiggle wobbling Right there ready edge I think Focca Brown was sent me that wiggle wobble by less Cooper I got to dig around and find that All right, that's all? Nope, no Somebody QA and hello No, yes sir Yeah, I got a nomination for the poll which is maybe a little unusual But it does fit the category Lay in team price When it will be rain prices Right Okay, well we call us on how about my hand your Jackson Or or even Mary Anderson Exactly There you go Mary Anderson would be good Hey, hey What problem are those those are like real singers anyway Actually hey When I tip at the quarter of the state road at eight or and Southwest Forthons in Fort Laudview and their Anthony's restaurant That's a 60-minute gallon at the Amico Oh well, let's see you then There you go Okay, thanks What in your name all those again for me since I'd be on team price That's a LEO and the T.Y. and the I don't know Remember we always do a nice call Mary and Anderson I got it Can you say all the Hibia Jackson Jesus God, all mighty Let's have our own fund Raise your hand and send Josh back to school Okay, why are you making them write all these names down That's right They're not gonna get their votes anyway Look at what I guess it No, but my handy Jackson's gonna get a voter too You don't think I mean she's no Jimmy Hendrix You know you can Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Yeah, yeah Hey, honey At least I was pleased that you knew who the hell I'd been Harper was anyway That was good I must confess You know, of course what I had to tell the line I'm so out of touch with life But I mean Ben Harper's just great Yeah, I've been around for a few years now I'm disgusted I can't find that CDM has to learn to decide Jesus Christ, more and more We didn't need you to come through Thank God for a suds Yeah, that's seriously that movie I don't want to say like it changed my life But it was just so because I grew up with all that music And it's just so fantastic So sensational Damn it All these all these funk brothers these people that nobody ever heard of before I've got a lot of information Speaking of recognition, suds will be here tomorrow Yeah, just about So what does that have to do with me? I don't think that tomorrow is starting tomorrow What does that have to do with me? Nothing, I'm promoting the only thing that they're interested in Other than that Yeah, I was just a little care about you as we're going to do Yeah Keep on Keep on Keep on Oh, I got the wrong disk in there I don't want to play that, but that's okay I'll take a few calls and we'll get to hear bush bottles And again, federal government wasn't ready for Katrina Disaster experts say Did they catastrophe really have to happen? The times picky in the New Orleans newspaper Repeatedly raised federal spending issues It didn't happen all of these things And your media like we said, well they're busy High-preventinating, which is what they do best WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello I'll take one or two more and I'll get out of my agenda WQAM hello Yes sir Is this real? Sounds like me, yeah All right, Neil, listen, I just want to say I have that DVD It is the most fantastic piece of work that you guys were hitting away But so many years and now that they've been brought to the lighting Just great, that is what it's say That's why we're losing the rucksack Right, and the proportion is by Joe and Opsborne To the net, give me a rub in Let's become a program The program is at the broken heart of the old Thanks Time dynamite, dynamite We got a joke that if you're pushing this because you've been pushed here So when it came out, thank you for your time and a great day Okay, thanks a lot, Pally, I'm pushing it Aren't you pushing it? Every day I have visioned over me I have been there Just can you do a job Feel with that So Hammond I can do a job I know I'm not the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one when There is your pole for tomorrow. Who do you like better? Joan Osborne or Jimmy Ruffin? I'm just a identical. Of course you got to see musicians doing all the, you know, all the elements right. Music. But it just, and she is good. She's great. And also, Gerald LeVert, reach out and I'll be there. Mm-hmm. I did a great job. Thanks, not by the way for our straighten me out. Because I never heard anything. Did you ever hear anything? No. Gerald LeVert, lines you curve it. All be dangerous. Now let's be still back to ten more. Take the ball, all the best, hope is strong. And you're like a feeling, but nothing can be different. But some top and end is just an end. And you're well-rounded, I'm just coming down. Tell me, please. Come on, girl. We don't believe it. We can be like our own time-life special here, you know? If our daughter does the part was on top of things instead of running around spreading rumors like Troy, yeah. Well, we wish he was. We wish he was was spreading rumors. He's spreading it. That's what's Rand told me he was spreading it. I can't tell you what, but I don't have a list. Oh, anyway, she had this big strap on, Dio. So, Al Jolson, somebody says a little joke facts here. Don't put it on there, by the way, Josh. I'm going to say that real fast because no one Josh. You would know Al Jolson from your mama. Who? Timmy Jolson. Says he was black. Wasn't he the face to lips? Man, man, man, man. How I love it? No, he was not black. He was Jewish. Oh, man. He was a semi-davis, either. Frank says, being that I like rock hard-type rock music. If there's only one black group actually in Jolson, if you in that group is seven dust. You know, seven dust? Yeah. Yeah. Really? I guess I'm out there. Left in the code again, being old and gray. Another black rock group was in living color, but they were very lame. It says, well, as for Henry, she was a great solo guitarist, which is correct, but the sound of the use for his albums was horrible. Yeah, it was all distorted. Like, I don't know what he was like. I'm a fan. And I'm saying, what do you say? But they liked that, because that's why he's leaving our Polish. And he had me, Henry. He'd be the best. 45, oh, it's Ray Charles 38. Yeah, Ray Charles. He was no Jimmy Hendrix. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. This is the Neil Rogers Show. This is a brain. Any questions? I went to Dolphins Training camp. I asked Nick Sabin, who will it be? Will it be AJ? Will it be Sage? Here's what Nick said to me. Just for a ride. Our starting jubilee will be. I think we'll have Nick to read with a ride. Just to wait and see. I saw an exhibition game watching him play was like a bad dream. I saw him from the beach up the ball. It made me want to scream. Cospharacky guy. Oh, whatever it is you need. Your offense has gone to sing with the corrupt Iran. He can't score two days. Just for a ride. The other team. If you play for a ride. You will be sorry. She came out of the new box outside. She died in the image of my mother called me. She did not know I'm not pretty soon. She took a ride. And when she said, You forgot to give up my mom. Just for a ride. Just for a ride. If all you have to get for a ride. You can play with the other team. You can play with the other team. You can play with the other team. That's what those looters are doing in the norley. They're just kind of like shopping around. They can find the best place with TV. Right. Best re box and Nike's and all of these things. Right. They're just scratching that field. All of these things. Anyway, the video, the DVD standing in the shadows of Motown. I'm just telling you it's inspirational. Especially not even if you don't love Motown. Like I do if you just like it. It's just so great. I can't believe that you haven't seen this while was going to watch it. But it's one of the week. I could have been self-ish and watched. Well, I'm a crap all the swirl that you will waste your time watching. I'll like garbage. Can't think of any at the moment. No, there's a lot of people who wish you would never see a lot. I'm a time back. I'll have a time on your life. I'll take it with. I can a soccer game with it. They have the extra time at the end of the game. You know, and the same thing in life. All the time that I wasted doing crap and watching bad movies on DVD and stuff. Just give me that time back at the end. Okay. When I'm ready to check out. Cliffs says you see how bad it can get with looting, shooting, etc. Looting and shooting. When there is no law, food, water, or hope. An actual disaster caused that. But we put the Iraqis in the same situation. There's just one reason why I don't agree with this war. Says Cliffs. For your pull put outcast. They always push the boundaries and succeed. You know, I like our cast. I'd be like that. All right. We got to be good at them. You're full. He says yes to his good ractors like there are manly fags. He says, please don't drop that bodywork clip. Put a string on it. And there's a great line. They only, they don't feel fast. One period and they have no second string. And that great? You go K-10. At K-10, man. He's starting to catch up to Bokar Brian. Borscht vungals in again. The federal government. It wasn't ready for a good tweet. It was asked to record say this. It's from South Borenstein of Nightwitter newspapers. He says the federal government so far has bungled the job of quickly helping the multitudes of 130 and desperate victims of hurricane Katrina. Former top federal state local disaster chief say the ice today. The experts, including a former Bush administration disaster response manager told Nightwitter that the government wasn't prepared, squimped on storm spending and shifted its attention from being with natural disasters, defying the global war on terrorism. The disaster prepared this agency at the center of the relief effort is FEMA, which was developed by the new Department of Homeland Security. Let me take it back, which was enveloped by the new Department of Homeland Security with a new mission aimed at responding to the attacks of Al Qaeda. What you're seeing is revealing weaknesses in the state local and federal levels that Eric Tullbert who until February was FEMA's disaster response chief. All three levels have been weakened. They've been weakened by that version into terrorism. You know, all those terrorist attacks we've suffered here? That's right. After 9-11, an interview is yesterday, a civil man and women who's led relief efforts for dozens of killer hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes over the years, chastised the current disaster reliefs for forgetting the simple boycott model be prepared. Bush administration officials say they're proud of their efforts. Their first efforts emphasized rooftop rescues over providing food and water for the victims already safe. We're extremely pleased. Get them off the roof and let them starve to death and fry in the sun. And die from a heat stroke. We're extremely pleased with the response of every element of the federal government and all our federal partners have made a desirable strategy. A strategy, Secretary of Homeland Security, Michael Tudor, said to bring a news conference once the in Washington and wanting to speak a lot of people including we were throwing up. The agency has more than 1700 truckloads of water, meals, tents, tent, and waiting to go. He said ready to go. Federal health officials have started setting up at least 40 medical shoulders. The Coast Guard reports rescue in more than 1200 people. But residents, especially in the last few months in cities, had been not seeing the promised up. And night-ridger reporters along the Gulf Coast said they saw little visible federal relief efforts other than search and rescue teams. Some health started arriving Wednesday by the truckloads but not everywhere. We're not getting any help yet, said the Galaxy Fire Department pretend and chief Joe Boni. We need water. We need ice. I've been told it's coming, but we got people and shelters. We haven't had a drink since the storm. The slow response to Katrina and poor federal leadership as a replay of 1992's misunderstanding of Hurricane Andrew said former female chief of staff Jane Bullock a 22 year veteran of the agency. Bullock blamed inexperienced federal leadership she noted that true off and female director Michael Brown had no disaster experience before they were pointed to their jobs. The slowness is all too familiar to Kate Hale as Mami's disaster chief during Hurricane Andrew Hale asked, where the health's the cavalry. I'm looking at people who are begging for ice and water and a presence Hale said yesterday, I'm seeing the same sort of thing that horrified us after Andrew, I realized that that a huge job nobody understand better than I do with their trying to respond to but, and ain't getting done. Vuggy of cuts have made disaster preparedness any easier. Last year, FEMA spent $250,000 to connect an ATA hurricane drill for a modular storm hitting in the warlands. Some 250 emergency officials attended. Many of this scenarios now playing out including a helicopter in a evacuation of the super dome were discussed in a drill for that fictional storming pan. This year the group was to design a plan to fix such unresolved problems as evacuating sick and injured people from the super dome and housing tens of thousands of stranded citizens. Funding for that plan was cut, said Tolber, the former FEMA is after response director. A lot of good was done but it just wasn't finished. He said he was the action chief for the state of North Carolina. I don't know if we would have saved more lives or we would have made the response faster. You might say it could have saved lives. FEMA wasn't alone in cutting hurricane spending into warlands in the surrounding area. Federal flood control spending for a southeast and Louisiana has been chopped from $69 million in 2001 to 36.5 million in this year, according to budget documents. Federal hurricane protection for the lake Potchitrain vicinity in the Army Corps of Engineers budget drop from 14.2 million in 2002 to only 5.7 million in this year. Louisiana Democratic Senator Mary Landard requested 27 million this year. She got 5.7 million. 22 million short. Still short. And this was a couple of days ago the start of it. I'm not going to try to change it around. Obviously it's already dated. But that's not the important part of it. Even though hurricane Katrina moved the world north of the city, the water is still keep rising in the world as late Tuesday. Luckily, thank goodness they've stopped to enact. They're starting to receive a little bit. That's because Lake Potchitrain continued to pour through a two-block long break in the main levee near the city 17-speed canal, with much of the crescent city some 10-feet below sea level the rising tide may not stop until it's level the mass of lake. New Orleans had long known it was highly vulnerable to flooding and direct hit from a hurricane. In fact, the federal government has been working with state and local officials in the region since the late 1960s on major hurricane and flood relief efforts. When flooding from a massive rainstorm in May of 95 killed six people, Congress authorized the South East Louisiana urban flood control project or sealer. Over the next 10 years, the Army Corps of Engineers tasked with carrying out sealers spent $430 million on shoreing up levees and building pumping stations with 50 million in local aid, but at least $250 million in crucial projects remain even as a hurricane activity the Atlantic basin increased dramatically and the levees surrounding New Orleans continues to sigh. I'm getting short of about it. And after 2003, the flow of federal dollars towards sealants dropped to a trickle. The Corps never tried to hide the fact that the spending pressures of the war in Iraq, as well as whole-line security coming at the same time as federal tax cuts for the rich, was the reason for the strain. At least nine articles in the Times Picchio newspaper in New Orleans, and from 2004 and five, specifically site cost of Iraq as a reason for the lack of hurricane and flood control dollars. The New House News Service is an article posted late Tuesday night at the Times Picchio and website reported no one can say that it didn't see it coming. Now in the wake of one of the worst storms ever serious questions are being asked about the lake about the lack of preparation. Good job. And again, there's another reason that the war in Iraq. It's just a disaster. The war in impeachment keeps spinning around, speaking of the spinners spinning around in my mind. Why is it taking so long? Why is the media continuing to suck up? Huh? Can you explain it to me? Absolutely unacceptable, unbelievable. Traject. Thousands of dead people. The final tool in the summer freight is going to make the people who died the 3,911 tail and the winds are difficult. Thousands of people. You wait and see nothing yet. Because under all the, they keep showing these aerial shots, you know, of all the houses that collapse and just the piles of wood and brick and water. And there's bodies all over the place. Tust the ones of course that are floating by in the water. They had a push to bodies back with sticks. You following this? Yeah, the group are the poles. 1113. And they're white. But when we do the white pool, let's do it on white people. Ever do white pool? 308th they'll often. Through an 18-volt, Jimmy Hendricks 53, Ray Charles 44, Bob Marley, Mont20, Bob Marley, temptations 22 and that team cool 19. To resolve with the floor, making me want to cock on all over the place. I just, I can't deal with it. New. Yeah. New Jennings. What a life. Oh, I mean, tremendous sort of calls for similar Georgia. Hello. Hi there. First of all, I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from Beyond the Grid for us. Okay. Peter, how long things and hell? Well, it's hard. I never thought it was going to be anything but hard. So I guess now you're really a smoker, huh? Oh, yeah. I think it goes with the territories with the Terrier. Oh, California for Peter Jennings. Hello. Peter, do you know any dead celebrity joke? No, man. If I did, I wouldn't say so. Baldwin City, Kansas, hello. But yeah, Peter, are the rumors true? Is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie? I think the answer is yes. But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today. Somerset can tuck you for Peter Jennings, hello. Hi, gentlemen. Hi. Mr. Jennings. Is there a link on music and hell? Yes. And it just happens. It goes on and on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after in. Oh, my. I think that would make my ears bleed. Oh, many do indeed. From what call we have an in the left, downers grow, that annoy hello. Mr. Jennings. Would you like for Christmas? Uh, southern Hussein. Oh, so, so, that I'm sending your wish list. Yes. As his George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings. Yeah, thank you, as always. Thanks, I'm extremely nice to see you. But that's everything, gentlemen. Don't know what you're thinking. Say, I don't know, go. Shut up, I'm not. You know, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'll tell you what you understand. No, 20 after a lot of the final 60 WQAM. Maybe take a call or two. WQAM, hello. There in the, yes sir. I've got one from your book for your phone. Okay. Okay. Rani James D. L. Here's a fact that says Ben Harper is married, which I saw this when I looked him up on the line. I forgot to mention it. Thank you for reminding me. Mary, too. You know what I did not? See, look at the education we're getting on the show. Who says it's not an educational show, huh? Right? I don't know. I don't even hear degrees. I don't forget the mole man, too. Try to forget it. First of September, can you believe that boy? One more week of this scam, and then we're back to the regular. Allow Troy says, you know, what was that? He was just doing a rumor about the sales manager getting canned or something. Also, it says here, listen, I'm going to fix his ass. You think Jesus was bad on that cross at a tough time. You just wait, Troy. Pull that kind of crap with us. And then he comes in bitch and me out for like not not hyping the storm enough. Like I'm supposed to know, I'm supposed to meet a meteorologist, you know? Yeah. Gerald of hurt recently, true with his father, O.J. lead singer, any liver. I didn't like that rhymes with pervert, liver. And I would have said, levert, thanks a lot, Duffa, he dumped it some constructed today. You're fairie. Also, it says, our like Booty Collins is comic rendition of the more town sounded like Coolger. Yeah, Booty Collins was great on there. Isn't that on the, oh no, don't tell me it's not on here on the CD. Damn it. Oh yeah, this, there were problems I don't have the CD in the thing. Well, we'll wait. No, but all of these because you got all the same people play it all the same instruments. You got, you know, and all the same backup singers, two by the way. Well, I would say I talk more intelligently with you about it, but you ain't seen it yet. Right. What's he, huh? I will. Oh. There's kind of like a sound about tri-strand for at least a last part of that coolger. You got to film, try it with your really old. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Oh. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Coolger. Oh. I'm about to wait bootsy nice outfit too. It says maybe you want to get the Motown 25th anniversary CD. I have it right here as a matter of fact. It's got commentary interviews but I don't want to board the audience with that. They're probably already peered enough and I'm playing some of this music. Too bad, okay? Too stinking freaking bad. You can't talk about ball games all day every day. I'll say that for George tomorrow. That's right. It says you want to try the DVD dramas, the temptations in the five heartbeats. You see those? No, nor did I. Before Motown, very groovy roast songs for Jackie Wilson. It says, Jackie Wilson, who that? Is he still man? Poor Jackie. That's him. That's him tough times. Tied of broken man. Go fast. I'm just looking to pull Jackie Wilson as one vote. Yeah, there's something to say. There's something in the drinking water. Maybe it's still left over from that storm from the Katrina. See, if you could train or what it didn't inflow it even in Bay County. And then you multiply times 500 and then you've got what it did in the nollins and blocks the info for it. One vote for Jackie Wilson. I mean, he's no longer in the hammer itself. Give it to me then. That's fine. Of course, the problem being just like our buddy Josh, didn't know. Jackie Wilson from Brian Wilson. Am I right? Yeah, Craig Wilson. Right. Wilson Wilson. Wilson Phillips. Wilson ticket. Ever seen Wilson ticket all the time. Just seen. Yeah, don't don't don't don't. You'd you and also have lost non-motown acts like you read through a Franklin MC5. Bob Seger. Ted Nugin Iggy Pop. Alice Cooper kid rock him and in Bob James. I need to Baker and the one in. It's a healthy meal. Just tune in. Could you repeat the name of the movie you're talking about. Loton rocks, rap sucks. Amen. Absolutely. Correct. The shadows of Motown is the name of the movie. Tondy VD. It's on your VD's and you also get the soundtrack. And the soundtrack is called Standing in the Shadows of Motown. What a concept. Well, let's see. We got also two fashes that want Al green on there. Why not. Al green's okay. I certainly wouldn't say it's the best. Like record. Two facts. Two packs. Two pack. The honor. How's two pack doing? You got a voter two. In fact, if two packs got more votes than Jackie Wilson. I'm going to. He's got three Jackie Wilson's got one. Oh, man. It makes my heart be. It makes my heart bleed. Holy, moly, rat man. But Al green deserves to be on there. All right. He's no Bob Green. No. Thank God. Hey, Bob. How come you start to hurt me, Bob? 26 past 11 at five, 61 at how you're all friends. Will it allow you to hear from me? Those people any more are your good. Pysons, your good buddies. Everyone's in one. Greg Fedick. We hear him on the commercials. Cheryl Riffkin, Mike Disney. He was always fond of you. Running to Mike at day bar. While back at work. How unusual. Mike Disney at a bar? What a concept. Was it no snow still glowing? 27 past 11 at five, 60. It's worth it. I think it's a power for what our IOD. We always used his noses kind of like a flash light. That was great. What was the last time we really indulged yourself? We should go months ago, even longer. Dalamacris and Sirder want you to indulge yourself every night with Sirder's perfect night mattress line. Right now when you call 1-800 mattress, you can get a tremendous savings. Save up to 900 bucks off the Dalamacris factory direct prices. The perfect night feature of Sirder's highest coil counts. Findest quilting and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort. You'll sleep like a baby. The Sirder's sale is for limited time. You're going to save on all sizes and comfort levels. We'll supply last. Now 1-800 mattress and get delivery with an A2R window that you pick up and tell you about this for years. And it's not a gimmick they really do it. You want to be home from 1-3, 2-4 whatever and they show up. Tenses out they have the mattress you want in the size and comfort level you've looking for. Ready for same day delivery. If you have like mattress damage, water damage, you're house during the hurricane and you need to make a mattress. This is the way to do a pick up the phone. It'll be not the 9-0-0-0-0-0-0-0. Dalamacris continues being ranked number 1 and customers have a section which is why I use them. And George and Mom and Jell, even the uncle's fat boy are just a few of the QA numbers or a satisfied customers. And you will be too. Don't put it off L.N. Another minute call 1-800 mattress right now or log out of their website, Macris.com. Call today. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational Stupendous Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-860. Blah-ly-pop little boy. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. If some sticks and some soul, you've got the noisy kiss that's gonna be kissin' Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, I stumbled you, blocked out the chalensus for you. Why do we lies up to tomorrow? Why do we got mel不当如哨哯, What we don't know up to tomorrow? I have this kind of like a new technique I use mentally and it is the end-time I hear a song record. I just tune out the part of my mind that we're recognizing Michael Jackson is seeing you. It makes it like a lot easier. What I was, that was the Michael Jackson that we hate. That was right. That was a different Michael Jackson before him. That was a little kid who we liked a lot. That was fine. That was before we started molesting little boys and stuff like that. Different person. Black. That was actually black. A good point, Josh. Leave it to Josh to come up with that. By the way, how's those tickets coming? Or cash. Remember me. No one said nothing that you brought that up because you know, knowing this out that they'd like to kind of like slide right on by with that whole deal and they have to either cough up the tickets or give me the cash which at this point of my life I'll take the cash. Yeah, I wouldn't mind getting the tickets and giving me you but how come they don't have any? Just because we're not the flagship station anymore is that it? I guess I said something but I figured maybe if you think about it maybe somebody would tell me. I'm going to make a stick about it all right because it's part of the deal. You know, it's like it and paid. It's the same thing. It's part of the deal. I realize that you know Greg Reed when he makes a deal. You can just wipe your ass with it. But at the bottom of my hand, you always have to like go through a song and dance to get what you have coming. But that's just the way it goes with it. It's the beastly effin' way. Come on, Ray. Perry, cough up some tickets. Okay. And since Josh is the one who's going to get a hit and cure where to. I'm just kind of surprised that you can't sit up in a press box being the Marm and Hotchout that you are. Have an all the contacts in the stadium that you've got. I say that sarcastically knowing what a hard ass organization of dolphins are. I mean, I could go up there for like, you know, a game if I guess if I wanted to. Yeah. But I need to say that. And let me ask you guys, what about the QAM box? What about a sky box? Yeah. And that's where you don't realize what people are flying. That's where they're flying. That's where they're flying. That's where they're flying. That's where they're flying. That's where they're flying. That's where they're flying. That's where they're flying. That's where they're flying. They're just right for it. Okay, just run into a harder. I mean, he just really this one. When he pulled this morning was absolutely positively acceptable. And in fact, I think he ought to come in and go to school of beans on a year about the sales manager getting canned. Anyway, here's a fact that says you probably won't get any votes beside mine, but Nina Simone was in his fantastic and you're right. Hope, Nina Simone. Don't you know, Simone? She's the lesbian on passions. She's the lesbian daughter. Whitney's sister. You know, Whitney's the none? No. And recently, part of the musical school in cellular also that we make of Thomas Crown of Fair. She is those. Anyway, Nina Simone, I'm sure you can have a hand. Can you handle a Josh? Yes, I am O and E. Look at this facts, my God, from Elford and Baton Rouge. So, I might be worth the reading. It says we're doing relatively well here in Baton Rouge. Well, they didn't get much. We're very lucky not to have received as much damage as New Orleans and it's surrounding here. It's Baton Rouge has become a temporary housing center for many of the displaced people. The hotels are full and we have so many people living out of their cars and parking lots of places such as Walmart, Loas, or any other large parking lot. I work with the Department of Environmental Quality as a Paralyagall and we've been using our conference rooms for temporary housing for displaced employees of state and federal agencies. Many people here in Baton Rouge are still without power. Many streets are still littered with down power lines and trees. Some of the rural communities on the outskirts of Baton Rouge are dealing with flooding and us unable to get out food and water, etc. But for the most part, the people of Baton Rouge were very lucky and shouldn't have any complaints about Nutton. Ironically, I moved from West Palm Beach to Baton Rouge last October after dealing with hurricanes, Gene, and Ivan. Oh, maybe that's what the maybe effort, maybe their hurricanes are following him around, huh? Let's be. But people moving up my wife is to blame for the move and now I'm thinking I should divorce her ass. I love your show with the speakers here in the illegal affairs division. I have it on. And so we need to hear you at your best. What does that mean? I have your show on over the speakers here in the legal affairs division. So we need to hear you at your best. How about it, my like mediocre, okay? I mean, you got a little bit of public in country and so rip portion ass every chance you get. Maybe these Yahoo's are beginning to realize they were sold a bill of goods by that clown, the dangerous clown. The only clown even posted in that dangerous was John Wayne Gacy. Only Bush is responsible for the deaths of a hell of a lot more people than that Queen. And lastly, check out the article by the legendary John Dean by way of reminder, yeah, we know who John Dean. The article was too long to facts, but it's a must for you and your audience. Well, I hate to break the news to you. Everybody was on our website a couple of days ago. In fact, I read it on the year. I read part of it was Pat Robertson's call for assassination before we read a recrym. Remember I read that? I do. On Tuesday and I say it's too long to read the whole thing and it's got a lot of legal stuff in there. And the whole thing's on our website. Even Josh, remember, is that article right? Damn right? By John W. Dean. So if I forget once again, it's actually very much and I'm glad you wrote, okay, and the set of installments. I was like, does this like Doug comes in this morning, meaning well, oh, the time is picky. I don't miss much. Okay, Doug, myster. I don't miss much. If you really want to do us a good job, go back to your grab first draft with by the neck and start squeezing real heavy duty and squeeze it out of the information too. Yeah. Look at his Zit. Tom says, can somebody explain to me why gas on Miami Beach is 10 cents more expensive than any place else in Dave County? Don't they get the gas in the same place as everybody else? Shut up and keep pumping, okay? I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard that. Nope. Not lately. But who might have speak for you? Okay, how's that pole coming? Let me see any of it. Sudskollman, it's good. Isn't that ironic you're having it in mind tomorrow? Oh, not even so outstanding man. Propr it. Even if it's only, just the scum I've been heartbroken when I think this is so good as scary. He's sign of mine. Standing in the shadows of most of them, I'd go out and buy the DVD and the soundtrack right now and put it on DVDs. We're just steal it, whatever you like. First of all, some of that knowledge of a man is telling a dude a little loop. Little, I fool it, we'll move it. And you'll be rooting sweetens. That's not it. That's not the one. Oh, I know what I want. I want to play better Harper as well. I want to play a little bit of. Sorry. I wonder if he ever was in Harper Woods. You ever been to Harper Woods? Nope. How about gross pointless? Nope. How about this gross point? But it grows? How about guys who's from a band owner known as? Oh, I bet you wonder how I do. I bet you found so much man. He just made the blue. He said, I'm out of control. You know the world between the two of us, but you know I love you more. It took the right to play. I wrote a name. You can't wait to stop it. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. If you go down a cliff, you can't find. You can't wait to stop it. You can't wait to play. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. So good. It's kind of scary even better than Marvin Gay. I think. You don't think? I think. That's why, of course, you don't like Marvin Gay anyway. Because you don't like his name. Gay. Right. That's it. That's why we tell me that thing about Marvin Gay in the beach boys. You go into this. And nobody likes the beach boys. I think of Robert Lerz. I think of Robert Lerz. I think of Robert Lerz. I think of Robert Lerz. I think of Robert Lerz. Like, what do they have to do with each other? I think. I think of Robert Lerz. And then he made a song with the names about the beach boys. He was going to sing, huh? He was good, but the beach boys were like... He was going to sing a lollipop. He's not going to sing a fly. Not artistic groundbreaking. Wonderful stuff. Where you at? Well, you beat. 19 till noon at 5.60. Doug, what's going on? Marvin. Hey, Marvin. Don't go to over there to see daddy. Oh, geez. What a shame. But now we've got at least a good Ben Harper. When disaster strikes, and this event, of course, it was Hurricane Katrina. And your homework business has suffered water damage. Only one place you ought to call and have strike concepts. Drag concepts can remove excess water and dry your home or business fast using the latest innovations in dry technology. Drag concepts drying system can eliminate the need for cross-lib reconstruction and replacement of pressure belongings. Unhealthy mold and mildew conditions are eliminated by the proper use of specialized drying process. If the damage is more extensive, drag concepts, license contractors will provide need to estimates and professional services. So if water damage hit you hard in your home or business or both of the above, don't panic. Call the professionals the very best. Drag concepts come today, tool free at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around the web. Drag concepts.com. This is New Rogers. This is by 162A. Some ventral wars and wars. It's the smooth and realy of Coca-Cola. This is a new year. This is a new year. This is a new year. This is a new year. This is a new year. This is a new year. Yes, hello. Welcome, visual. What's that you're saying, visual? Yes, this is a man the name of the show. Visual. And, and he's the top. I'm fine, there, young person. How are you, is it you? How are you, is it you? I don't know what you're saying. Who's our first guest? We don't have a visual in this, isn't it? You're a visual. I've got no idea who that is. Oh, I see her backstage. Please welcome Pam Anderson. Oh, no. You're a visual. I think I know what that means. You have tremendous lockers. How is common, visual, the visual? Oh, I'm just doing things that I knew so, and then you have. I didn't want to stand the question of what he said. I have no more visual for you. Ah, it's visual, it's visual, of visual. I don't know what you said, but it's time to take a break. Yeah, dog? Who? Your dog, I'm Lee. Yeah, I'm saying you dog, you're a dog. Okay, still the dog, I'm Jamie Bar, when Lee and Snoop returned. She came out of you. Cool. The day of the day of the day. A rarcer. Oh, I'm a real guy. I'm a real guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've got you, baby smile. Oh, baby face. So, we can add time to fool us. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's smoking. I'm sure it's how it's no Jimmy Hendrix. Yeah, Hendrix 62, right, Charles 54, Bob Marley, 34, and Ed King Cole, funny. The results of this pull are so disgusting and embarrassing. I'm just, I'm on my head and shame, car of the counter. 395, our goal is 400 votes today. Can we make it? Yeah, we're going to shout about it. Here's a fact that says what has happened to the Gulf Coast people of the United States is horrible. It should take this opportunity and pull out troops out of Iraq. They're needed here. I've got an article on that, by the way, which is pretty obvious. The, uh, something, what does that say? The gangs in the, uh, something who are fighting. What, what does that say? I don't know. I see. Fighting, there are turf wars should be sent to Iraq if they want to fight. Yeah, the gangs in the dome were fighting. Oh, the gangs in the dome. I see. Yes, then they're asked to Iraq. That's a good idea. So it's a merry, a fan of Neil God. We're asking them to their, uh, tenmanship to use a little help. Thanks very much, Mary. She's okay. Chris says yesterday after WWE made his speech regarding the fact that he flew over to Hurricane Katrina, this afternoon, reporter asked him what he was going to do now. His response was that he had a cop fish dinner waiting, is that a cod fish or a cop fish? What is a cop fish dinner? I don't know, maybe they met cod. Yeah, waiting for him or maybe he said he's going to put on a cod piece. I've viewed this on CNN yesterday, but I couldn't find it on the website today. Also, Homeland Security's encouraging disaster relief, it comes to go to the FEMA website to apply apply for aid. Well, a lot of those people, you see they had their laptops on the roof other way to get picked up. Right. That's a hotspot. Yeah, so they can go to the FEMA website. The US Chris says, Norm is off the year again. Norm is off the year and is here really so. Okay, with his, oh, point. Oh, put another guy. It's got like, oh, on there they moved or rally into that four to six. So whatever, an eight fifty, whatever that station is that make the lead station. And they stuck Dr. Laura, I think, some other piece of turd there in the middle of the day. So Norm gets bumped again. Boy, that's a gem. If he just, and in fact, now that he's not on the area more between four and sixty could spend those two hours finding out about our dolphin tickets and about how we're going to be reimbursed and supposed to try like scam more panthers tickets for last season. They didn't get played money for that. I'm very, and Josh, court is gets, in fact, you're going to cut if we're get the cash for the tickets instead you get to cut. I'd like to tell them they said. But, it's not. Huh? Got to cut him on the arm. Yeah, a slice. You'll get through slice. That is where those chavez slimes bush for cutting vacation after hurricane. Venezuela's president Hugo Chavez blasted US president George W. Bush waiting until after hurricane Katrina hit the US to when his vacation in Texas. At the same time, Chavez, a leftist leader who frequently lashes out against Bush and rightfully sold by the way, expressed sympathy for the storm's victims and repeated his offer to send aid workers to the devastated Southern US states. And, still, a US subsidiary of Venezuela's state owned oil giant PDVSA announced it would donate a million dollars to US aid organizations helping hurricane victims. Let's figure that by the way, don't forget at the top of our website is the thing you can click on to donate to the red cross, please. For four days of warnings that Katrina was going to make a direct hit and a king of vacations at his ranch only said you must flee. He didn't say how Chavez said charging that the US had no evacuation plans. It's a rancher mentality. I'm starting to like Hugo a lot. I mean, he may be a Schmittester, but he may be good buddies with fidelity. So you can't like him too much in South Florida, but nevertheless Hugo Chavez, you go, you go, you go, you go. Hurricane Katrina, well, we know about that. The White House announced Tuesday Bush was cutting his nearly five week vacation by two days. Wow, what a trooper, huh? Man, he served the devastation of Air Force one Wednesday as he flew back to Washington. Yeah, he was the eye. Him and the Alan Parsons project with the Eisond sky. Earlier, Venezuela's former ministry reiterated Chavez offered us in fuel and humanitarian aid to the US. However, US State Department spokesman Sean McCormick said he was not aware of any such offers of aid or oil from Venezuela. Not that he would lie, of course. Not that your government would lie to you. Anyway, the Venezuelan leaders accused the US of wanting to assassinate him and is called Bush a jerk. Well, that's quite a compliment, okay? Calling the smoking chip a jerk? The jerk? Well, the nice two things. In fact, that's an insult to all jerks, even the cool jerk with bootsy, what's his name? What's his name? And bootsy Collins. I wonder if he's related to Phil Collins or Joe Collins? Six, four votes for Jimmy Henry. If he wins this poll, I'm going to shed a tear or two, you know? I'm going to lock myself into bathroom and slip my wrist. Do you believe it? No. And of course, overshadowed by all this and they see they lucked out again. I mean, it's a horrible way to look at it, but it's just the way that this administration no matter what kind of crap is going on that they ought to respond to. And of course, they are also responsible for the horrible lack of preparedness and response on this thing. But overshadowed was the 241 dead in Baghdad, Stampede, plus 323 injured. Did you see any of the tape on this? The bodies, including tons of women and little kids. And it just had sheets. And people are going around looking out of the sheets. They're going by the bodies. Go on from one body to another. That smouted steadily in Northeast Baghdad. I for a massive midday she had religious procession yesterday. I erupted into a chaotic Stampede causing the drowning and trampling deaths of 841 pilgrims. Authority's believe a rumor race to the crowd that a suicide bomber was in their midst had created panic among the waves of pedestrians, trying to cross the bridge over the Tagrus River. The throngs of she-eye faithful had been stopped by security checks and bogged down by concrete barriers. Three hours early when insurgent mortar attack near the Katamiya mass killed 7 people into 36 others. None of this would have happened. All of those people would be alive in one piece today, or not for this wonderful glorious Iraqi attack based on a bunch of lies. Based on the Penaknotion that they were going to go in and imposed democracy where but a hell they felt like it at least they're brand of it. Certainly not to democracy that we remember in the USA. He won't see that no more. No more. Don't forget, some more was better than no more. We got the Howard Day with the two two men. Did I say no Howard Day with? Mad Dog is four hurricane hotline at seven. The beast at nine puts in a one of his very references. Thank God, Ned Kaplan at ten. Ancient, uh, Eddie. Paul Craig Roberts on anti-war dot com rights. How New Orleans was lost. He says chalk up the city of New Orleans is across the bushes Iraq war. There weren't enough helicopters to repair the breached levees and rescue people trapped by rising water. Nor are there enough Louisiana National Guardsman available to help with the rescue. Where Fertrand of patrol against the looting. The situation is the same in Mississippi. The National Garden of Hellcopters are off on a full mission in Iraq. The National Guard is in Iraq because the radical neocons and the Bush administration were determined to invade the Middle East and because the incompetent Secretary defense of Rumsfeld refused to listen to the generals who told them they were to know for regular troops available to do the job. After the invasion the Erick and Rumsfeld found out the generals were right. The National Guard was called up to fill in the keeping gaps. Now the guardsmen trapped in the Iraqi quag. Mara watching on TV the families they left behind trapped by rising waters and wondering if the floating bodies might be family members. None know where their dislocated families are but shades of feluced they've used either destroyed homes. The mayor of New Orleans was counting on helicopters to put in place massive sandbags to repair the levee. However, someone called the few helicopters to rescue people from rooftops. The rising water overwhelmed the massive pumping stations and New Orleans disappeared under deep water. What a terrible casualty of the Iraqi war one of our oldest and most beautiful cities in historic city, the stranded by its fully war on terrorism. The US government had made no preparations in the event hurricane Katrina brought catastrophe to New Orleans. No contingency planning existed. Only now, after this asked our FEMA and the Corps of Engineers, tried to assemble the materials and equipment of the Saved Orleans from the fate of Atlantis. Even worse, articles in the New Orleans times picky and other public statements by emergency management chiefs into New Orleans, make it clear that the Bush administration slashed the funding for the Corps of Engineers' projects to strengthen and raise the New Orleans levees in the effort of the money to the war in Iraq. Walter Maestry, the former mayor of New Orleans, was the mayor of New Orleans, and the mayor of New Orleans, was the mayor of New Orleans. Walter Maestry, emergency management chief of Jefferson, and the mayor of New Orleans, seems to have been surprised that the money has been moved to the president's budget to handle homeland security in the war in Iraq. And I suppose that's the price we pay. Nobody locally is happy that the levees can't be finished, and we're doing everything we can to make the case that this is a security issue for us. Why can't the US government focus on America's needs and lead by the country's alone? The mayor of America and troops in Iraq instead of protecting our own borders from a mass invasion by illegal immigrants. Lyra, American helicopter is blowing up Iraqi homes instead of saving American homes into New Orleans. How can the Bush administration be so incompetent as we're exposing Americans at home to dire risks by exhausting American resources in foolish foreign adventures? What kind of homeland security is this? All bushes achieved by invading Iraq is to kill and wound thousands of people while destroying America's reputation. The only beneficiary is our oil companies capitalizing on a good excuse to jack up the price of gas and some have been law's recruitment. What we have is a Republican war for oil company profits while New Orleans sinks beneath the waters. This is a meal Rogerace. This is by 62A. This is Coach Dan Schueler. And I say like Bob Holbanass. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th or the one hour or whatever it is. What is this size more? I heard you're in a porn flick. That's not just a rumor. No. I wish I hadn't gotten really up. I couldn't believe what was happening to me. Can we watch it? It says this is it. Great. Well. Oh no. Oh no. Explosive action. What we have thinking. I've only been these things. I do want my parents to be disappointed. I'm so scared. There's my favorite time machine. Oh, what's coming on in G. Oh, here's the goal and that's the number of you who can. Right now. You're fair. Oh. She's a fabric. Keep it good. Prepare your golden coat to my thigh. She will never let just be around. Once you get along the streets and I'll drown. She likes the boys and the men. I'll rip that up. So what they did try say ourselves manager was leaving. It's 12.3560 WQAM. Happy Thursday. If you're September the first kid you believe it? I believe it. The first of September, man. It is really shocking the way this sounds. It sounds cori and the trite. I'll let crap. 10% of the footage. What do I say? 100. 100. Oh man, did you notice that she had a fake. 20. 26 votes. And our goal is 427 of the 2. So we got a shot. It was a two pack. Bush's approval ready falls to a new low. There's a little hope here. Maybe the incompetence. In fact, maybe this is going to be out of this grotesque. I know it. Another trite cliche. A lot of the horror and the suffering and the disaster. we can find a little silver lining in the middle of all this crap and maybe there is in the middle of all that water, of all those horrible things and bodies and other things floating around. Find something good, a silver lining that is that it shines a big fat spotlight like the article I just got through reading about the disaster that the surract attack has caused in so many other areas. And thank you again Mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices over six bucks a gallon for regular in Atlanta. Thank you so much. How could we have ever survived without these people stealing two elections? Although we better not say that because some of you might line up and geologists for hearing me say that. Rising gas prices and ongoing bloodshed and Iraq continue to take their tool on ill presidentate who standing with the public as sunk to an all-time low according to the latest Washington Post ABC News poll. The survey found Bush's job of her were rating at 45% down 7.0 to since January and the lowest ever recorded for this president and post ABC surveys 53% disapproved that the job that Bush is doing the Bush-myster and you can see some of the smoking chimp in drag and there on our website like a whole bunch of Bush monkey pictures and underneath it a great video clip that you watched that I watched it a kid that's how it turned up on it. Thanks to whoever senses by the way there's good stuff on there. You get a tupler to it. I don't know if you're laughing or crying. It's kind of like when trust record comes in. You don't even laugh or cry or give a good get dry. The war has been a real drag and Bush's presidency for many months but his Iraq approval ratings in the new poll were little changed from two months ago to the white widespread violence, a rash of U.S. casualties and he wore protests outside the president's Texas range and growing debate about reducing U.S. troop levels. What may have pushed Bush's overall ratings down and the latest polls for a race of dissatisfaction over soaring gasoline prices but thank you so much for those low gas prices Mr. President. Two-thirds of those surveys said gas prices are causing financial hardship to them or their families. Gas prices stand to go even higher after the hurricane. More honestly for the president's six out of ten Americans said there are steps the administration could take to reduce gas prices slightly more than a third say the run-up has been due to factors beyond the administration's control. But two-thirds over 60 percent say, uh-uh. I supported him last year saying Gina Coleman 29, a homemaker living in Camden County, New Jersey. That's bad news for her. I wouldn't vote for him again. It's gas prices to war just the way he's been handling things. The rising gas is something that's been happening for a long time and the prices are getting worse. This makes me feel more negative about him definitely. Bush also received negative march for his handling of immigration, the economy and social security. The majority of Americans supported the handling of kids can't pay against terrorism. Against those terrorists. We know who the L.A.R. and we're doing my hell of a great job capturing the important ones. Are we? We got our summer and we'll blow it up and ours our Alzarkawi and Alzarkawi and Alzarkawi. No. He'll do it. Alzarkawi. Harry, carry several thousand people have arrived to the Ashton home picture. In other words, while the Ashton can take 25,000 people, there are people who are staying in other places. Right now in the Houston area, there are 55,000 refugees staying in Houston area, hotels and hotels. Also 100,000 in American Red Cross shelters in the Gulf region. Let me tell you one part of the gun in several things in the Ashton home that they don't have in the Orleans. You have two locker rooms in the Ashton home which are their showers. Oh yeah, when you got 25 or 6,000 people, obviously it's going to, you know, even they just all like Tylen there and have like, and you know, stop and think about you're going days and weeks with the same clothes or whatever the clothes on your back right, that's what you got. That's it. And they got toilets. Wow. Who? What a concept. And they have like water. They got water to drink and running water to shower and flush the turlet and things like that. And guess what else they have in the Ashton home? They're conditioning. Ooh, what a concept. All of these, all of these things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, Verizon and singular wireless lines. This should be a real good lesson. Those of you people who find it all this homeland security BS man. If this is what they're doing, if this is the way that predicting us here at home, might as well just all like, uh, Blower Brainson. They're just jump off the, uh, super dome. Tell me to cue a hand. Hello. Yes, sir. This whole thing, this is really sick. But what makes me sick the most is our president. If I, I don't understand how they're talking about all the looters and all that, what of these people are going to do? Well, what are they going to do? They have nothing. Absolutely nothing. If they were to restore the wireless, or super present, call, like, maybe forebaining the closest military base and have someone actually go over there and secure a place and rather than just talking about it. This whole thing is complete this disgusting and, and it, and it also, well, not to, to nobody's going to help us because they can't stand our president. That's why nobody's helping us. You don't see any further Lord Gopper Repsa. You don't see any, you don't see any folks coming around here with anything besides what we're bringing. Yeah. Nobody is helping us. I don't care what they say. Oh, well, this one's going to give us sense. And this one, I want to see it. It's not there. Okay, well, a little ripped up to a friendly when you say, pissed off and fired up as what the course gets your juices flowing. Five, six, seven, and Mrs. Limbaugh on there again. I think it's, I think it's appropriate that they've got her on there doing the news. And on other, she's married. I can't watch her. We can have Eva Brown, maybe doing the news at ABC and new people. Sir, and I say this, you know, we joke about it. But now at a time like this, when it's so serious and so grotesque, and it's just almost beyond your imagination what these people are going through. And the best that they peacock and do MSNBC is to keep that read across beyond a 9 and MSNBC and you're supposed to be one of the three 24-hour news networks. Seriously, she is so embarrassing, so juvenile, so pathetic. And the question she asked in the thin of excuse for a voice that she said, this is not what you need to be putting on the arrow. Okay, the network of John Chancellor and David Brickley and Chet Huntley and Tom Volkaw. There'd be a lot of people like her. Oh, my God. I just want to scream. I mean, your choices are so few. I want to watch in the CBC coverage of it last night because it was Larry on there making a show out of it again with his panel. Larry's got the panel and everything is a show. And we're going to be all over this all weekend. I've got a three hour special. I mean, this is, you talk about a guy who takes himself much too seriously and it's too self-important. You get a life Larry, okay, and get rid of the indithosis, offenders. And it's the bag, too, by the way. Here's a story about a bag Larry in the bag. Wow, what a aroma. Line 9, QA and hello. Hey, it's Bill. Oh, okay. Yes, Bill. Something I've looked kind of upset for his last night. There are bushes, speech. All he does is real off numbers of bags of eyes and this and that. But I just wish he would, I know he can't. But taking control of this situation and for once in his life, deal with something and get something done. It's a national work show. Yeah. I'm setting, very insane, and I hope people realize what a freaking war on this guy is. They, but they don't, they don't realize it. Well, you know, I don't realize it. Well, you wanted to know why could his hard work? It's hard work. Go to understand Bill's hard work. This man is an insult to the intelligence of the American public and the Congress, the Democratic Party. They have nobody to blame but themselves. They're a bunch of Spindless cowards, most of them. And it just makes me want to gag that Americans, they're not a two party system. They have a no party system. Because there is virtually nobody that really wants to stand up and scream and how or how are dean, you know, speaking of screaming and how are we? And that is just a little dentist that everyone's to step on. Yeah. Look more Howard. But other than that, and you know, and lately, what's an anger and not the school fees in the way, a diand fine Stein, she's open enough a big post. But other than that, just move right along. 560560, pound 560, leave a rise in singular wireless lines. How many QAM? Hello. How are you doing? How are you doing? How are you doing? Turn around down. It sounds like me. Yeah, I agree with you about Rita's college. She's like up to you know, a couple of weeks ago, maybe about a month ago, and like the USA things that come in the Sunday favorite, they had a half day dad for. And you should have seen a day, they Airbus, their face to make a look so hot. And I know, they could put you on there tonight MSNBC. And seriously, with no experience at all, just reading the cue cards, you could do a better job than that. And now I'm on a question that she asked her, so stuff on Morgan. Well, how are we to hear the things? Are we to hear the things? Are we to hear the things we need to do? You should have seen the picture, they made, they made a playboy model, so a couple of questions about the, there's no party, man, a couple of questions to go. It's the, I don't know if party would always find something to picture about. But this party, this they look at it party. This look like, if he's like the printer that got naked, pictures of their wives and self-says saying, you're not doing that. Exactly. They're such chickens for app, you know what I'm saying. All right, they could be the milk. They're like to be a pal. See, people are pissed off and fired up now and rightfully so. There's just all sorts of garbage going on. There's people done every single day in Iraq, not just Americans and Brits and Aussies and whoever else. But innocent people, and yesterday, this disaster there, almost a thousand people died because everybody's in the state of panic because the suicide, the bombers are all over the place. The suicide bombers in Iraq before we did the Iraq attack. None, zero. Well, they should have gone through a lot of figures of no hands. And these people are just trying to live their damn lives. And at the meantime, and those people have electricity. The ones who are lucky enough to have any at all. Four hours a day at tops. How'd you like to live every day with 20 hours a day? No electricity. Not? And of course, drinking water? Forget about it. The conditions there are disgraceful. We've created chaos. There are civil war going on right now as I speak. Oh, but we've got the constitution and we've got elections and freedom which are on the marks. It's a lot of bull crap, okay? When people take a country to war based on lies, you think they're going to stop lying at any point along a lot. Of course not. If this man had any decency whatsoever, just the tiniest eye-o-duh. He'd be planning his resignation speech right now. He'd be sitting there with Carl Roven and speech writers. And they'd be writing on, he'd be like on the TV, the United Clock, resigning, okay? What I've done is totally unacceptable and it was based on, you know, I can still blame the CIA, which is their favorite trick, faulty information and bad intelligence. Yeah, bad intelligence, all right? But not the kind of intelligence you're talking about. A president with lack of intelligence, and look at 1215 already. And I'm bop-bop-bop-bop like that. You know, we're going to get the break-in. Getting worked up just like these colors now, you see? Start breaking. It's your fault. Don't forget the DVD by the way, go on and buy it today. You're a love it if you're a Motown fan or just even like it a little bit. Standing in the shadows of Motown. It is dynamite. Was your car trucker van damaged by the hurricane? Did you experience water leaks? Painter body damage into your flooding electrical or computer problems if so? Take it to Armstrong Ford or Armstrong Toyota of Homster. They'll make sure your vehicle be repaired by experienced technicians who know Toyota's and for its better than anybody else. Armstrong Ford and Toyota of Homster have the most experience to hurricane damage repair facilities around. Don't take chances. Only certified technicians can properly diagnose your repairs and right now. They have licensed insurance appraisers on premises to engage your vehicle first quickly with no hassles either. General manager David Rich realizes you've been through a lot in the family on Armstrong Thee Richard said that it helped you so get your vehicle repaired the right way only at Armstrong Ford or Armstrong Toyota. Call the Armstrong flood damage hotlines at 305, 242, 3286 or 305, 247, 5112. Armstrong Ford and Armstrong Toyota. It'll help you through trouble time. This is Neal Rogers. This is 560. Welcome to a car in a fair. It's a president thanks for calling in my own location. Where you now? In Florida with my little brother Jeff George. It's this train. You're going to set a record for vacation time for any president ever. I agree with you. I think what you're done is really important. We're right. But we're with you. And with you all the very best. Thanks for taking my phone call. George, who more questions? Now get back to work. What's the heck? George? I'm here. I'm sorry. But we said that you're a good team. And to go. Thanks for the time. That you came with me. The memories are rolling my mind. And now what we've come to the end of our rainbow. There's something I must be your man. I'm dying on the head. Do you want me? What? You're fair. Me, time's a big day. And I know. Well, that's your more than enough of that. It's a 12-honey month. I do like the Commodore's though. But not that. But just he could. I could live without him. In fact, maybe he could get a train set like a Lionel play world and just take off on it. There's lightning going on. Who wrote this facts? It's from somebody. It's cute though. It's his Armageddon out here. That's cute. Says there's lightning going off. All around is our right. There's a volcano blasting off in El Salvador. We're planning a big party. A June 6, 2006, 6,06, let's get it. All right, let's see if we can get it. Antichrist. Wouldn't you think? Or Antineel. Could be. Too fairy. The sun here all the blocks in Mississippi and the editorial that they criticised the relief effort in its ravaged area so far and told officials of the nation and large, south Mississippi needs your help. It angrily revealed while the flow of information is frustratingly difficult. Our reporters have yet to find evidence of a coordinated approach to relieve pain and hunger or to secure property and maintain order. People are hurting and people are being fanned lies. It wears an actual guard. Why has never able body remember the armed forces in South Mississippi then pressed into service? Pointedly, if the clear that earlier today reporters listening to horrific stories of death and survival at the relaxy junior high school shelter looked north across Irish Hill Road and saw air force personnel playing basketball and performing calistening. We need to present to back up his declaration of a disaster with a declaration of every man and woman under his command will do whatever is necessary to deal with that disaster. The newspaper is managed to publish two predititions this week as well as keep its website updated, and try to probably better than the Harold. Here's the text of their editorial today. The sun here all the blocks in Mississippi. It says the coastal communities of South Mississippi are desperately in need of an unprecedented relief effort. We understand that the world ends also was devastated by Hurricane Katrina, but earlier this nation has the resources to rescue both that metropolitan area and hours. Whatever plans that were in place to deal with such an natural disaster have proven inadequate. Perhaps destruction on this scale could not have been adequately prepared for, but now that it has taken place, no effort should be spared to mitigate the hurricane's impact. The essentials, ice, gasoline, medicine simply are getting here fast enough. We're not calling on the nation on the state to make life more comfortable in South Mississippi. We're calling on the nation state to make life here possible. We would bolster our argument with the number of Katrina casualties confirmed thus far, but there is, if there is such a confirmed number, no one's releasing it to the public. This lack of faith in the public's ability to handle the truth is not sparing anyone's feelings, it isn't steadfueling terrifying rumors. While the flow of information is frustratingly difficult, our reporters have yet to find evidence of a coordinated approach to redeemed pain and hunger or to secure property in maintain order. People are hurting and people are being vandalized. It wears the national guard. Why has never able body member of the armed forces in South Mississippi been pressed into service? On Wednesday, reporters listening to horrific stories of death and survival, this is a repeat of what the other paragraph was. At the blockcage in your high school of shelter, look north across Irish Hill Road, and saw air force personnel playing basketball and performing calistening. Playing basketball and performing calistening. When asked why these young men were being used to help in the recovery effort, our reporters were told that it would be pointless to send military personnel down on the beef to pick up the breach. Leader is the least of our problems. We need the president to back up his declaration of a disaster with a declaration that every man and woman and a risk of man will do whatever is necessary to deal with that disaster. We need to govern and provide whatever assistance is at his command. We certainly need our own counting and city officials to come together and identify the most pressing needs of their constituents and then allocate resources to meet those needs. We appreciate the stress that these elected and appointed officials have been under since the weekend, but they must do a better job restoring public confidence in their ability to meet this challenge. I do like that. Just like maybe this law is to be more like a rack, we got chaos and murder and bloodshed and death in the streets and bodies floating around and just like a rack. Stop and think about it. Right?ines are brand of democracy all over the world. In fact, if we have bushing in there long enough, in fact, the rest of us all term, we'll probably have murder and bloodshed and chaos all over the world. This is Neil Rodney. My WWE is three. This is five 16. Two eight. The hoses and hard. Get ready for the wildest girls gone wild ever. It's girls gone wild above girls gone wild. There, there is no direction. Show us you. Oh, that'll teach you the treat as I sex objects. You've never seen a girls gone wild. What do you sure contest like this? I'm gonna spray you with this on. And I'm gonna spray you with fire. Nothing makes girls go wild. Quite like the whole idea behind girls gone wild. Hey, this is my girl on girl action. Who got you, girl on girl action? Yeah. Two-water girls gone wild above girls gone wild. So, 1-800-SHOWER. Two- Australian tribes, one- leap. Wonderfull, WTE Air... One-奴, beid. There you have them in my life! You'll never fly! Never fly any long…… Oh, pretty well, I don't know what Jimmy Henry so to that the four times. No. Jimmy Henry is going to win our poll on the best Black recording artist or group of all times and that is just enough to make me want to put my hand in my hands and cry like a baby. Remember cry like a baby by the box tops? I'll kill you right there. They were white. Jimmy Henry 76 Ray Charles has 69 and he ain't feeling the thing. Oh, no, the box tops and cry like a baby. Where's that fish cry like a baby? Something like that. Okay. Bob Marley 40. Now where are you getting all those clips from? I was looking for that one. Oh, duh gave me this collection. Now all of the hits from 1962 2000. Yeah. At least top five or the top ten or something like that. Right. And I put them in the computer here. Oh, I see. I thought there was like somewhere on line. We're getting like a little close. There. There. Two two. Don't start that. Oh, that's what Troy said this morning something about a two two. We said that the somebody looked lovely in it. I won't mention no names Troy. You idiot. You quizzing. You uh, silly. You silly. You're fairie. Bob Marley 40. My finger was on it, but nothing was happening. That King called 29. Tempetations 28. Stevie, 127. Michael Jackson 25. Marvin Gaye. Gay 16. Otis, running 10. Afroman's got 9. Oh, I never did play it that day. Nope. Well, we could play a little bit. Just a little bit. Yeah. I could not do my homework. Well another part. We are starting. Game's ready. Try to very good. Than a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Hickers here, don' t. He's a little bitном. Be out of my. And play three words. Adore six. I was going to clean my room. Turned like an a. Thank you Wilson 66. I was going with you. I was going to tune up and find the ball. But when I got out. He can. C'mon. And you messed up. And I know what. Everyone. Everybody's gonna go Like a miracle's fine Look at you Like a happy little prank I was gonna go with a class before I got hot What time is it going? I'm gonna treat it and I could have passed But I got hot I'm working three So I'm taking a picture And I know why I'm gonna pick up Because I got hot Like a hot I'm gonna go with a test Line over to three Charlie for I three two pack three I think we brothers three Nina Simone two Nina Simone's got a pair And we're seeing Spinner's two Destiny's shot Destiny's child got two oh man Fat stomano two Lutheran Russ one outcast one Haylia Jackson one Gladys Knights got only one So I meant they will know that is pathetic Whitney Houston one The unwarmed one Seven does Mary Anderson, Lively and Teen Price Frankie Lyman don't have any How do you like that? Pally, Yamama, Charlie checker, OJ's Marvellous Edwin Stardust Jimmy Ruffhamery, Wells L'Roll and Y'all Roul Janet Jackson and Charlize all have got the Bay Oh our goal is 500 votes We got 473 Our goal is 475 Well we don't want to set you know big goals like in the middle of the first is September Plus it's like Liberty weekend Right? Right? David Cornwrights in the nation He's usually pretty good, although I add an on the Samo what he writes here is over But you know I'll read it anyway, it'll kill some time It'll get you on the edge of your seat He says I just spotted Hayley Barber Boy You talk about a drooling Yahoo man Hayley Barber makes Jesse Helmstein like a big city slicker You see Hayley Barber on there? No. He says I just spotted Hayley Barber Governor Mississippi on seeing an argument with anchor Sky Miles O'Brien O'Brien was suggesting that the federal government dropped the ball in terms of preparing for hurricane Katrina Barber kept defending the federal government that is the Bush administration He seemed to suggest that the hurricane was not that powerful when the first approach land and there hadn't been enough time to do more preparation Of course Barber did not note that before becoming Governor Mississippi he was headed to the Republican party And therefore not of a disposition to speak critically of an administration that has got it FEMA, slife funding for flood control, and sent many national guard reserves to Iraq By one estimate about a third of the Louisiana National Guard is in Iraq right now O'Brien pushed his point about his hardest permit on cable TV And he neglected to raise these specifics or the question Barber bought his previous work as a Corporate lobbyist who on behalf of his well-paying clients fought fierce against the Kyoto Accords Reinsert recent scientific research exists at global warming has led to more destructive hurricanes And as I noted previously Barber led the GOP when it was waging war on big government Now he's all for it, a blind and courier on this conversion As any of the time that a tour realizes today a moment like this shows Bush's weaknesses It was late to respond again and his rhetoric was hollow no surprise Yesterday he declared a miracle would be a stronger place for it Polies that he asked his speech right is to the most empty title to they could compact Then today he proclaimed there would be zero tolerance for looters But if I were stuck in the warlings waiting for help from a government that had failed me and my family was without water food or clothing I'd grab what I could for more ever I could I'd worry about payment later Sure some looters are criminals are sporting the emergency, but many are people trying to survive Who would watch their kids go hungry rather than break a window with a windyxie Not me call me pro looting when it's necessary And he's right and if you have food and water and necessities of life So like he says there's some people who are just playing in the slime balls Just grabbing plasma TVs and video games grandpa What are they gonna watch those video games on by the all I guess on a plasma TV Yeah, I still don't TV Yeah, where are they gonna plug it in huh? Right, oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty-leave a rise in singular wireless line Let's take two three hundred calls by two of what he said do it one of these people actually seemed a little whipped up and phomey and phomey Okay, come into Q a and hello. Hey, yeah, we're going on. Yes, sir. Oh my. Yeah, you speaking with me. Hey, we're going on. Hello. Yeah, yeah I just wanted to say you know, you know, whatever happens to 60 million or billion dollars They find in the sedan basement and another reason I know why he's not going to be sending no troops over there Because once it's time to let him come he's gonna go and send them all back to a rack to commemorate the 911 That's easy to do. Okay. Well, thanks for your pardon. Instication spell that out for him. Would you please five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty And they've arrived in singular wireless line or there's white house enforcement Scott McFellam who says the waiver. Yeah, that's a W 2 a And hello 2 a n Yeah, sir, I'm no town. Give me all mode up. You ready for mode. Oh, don't don't don't do this. He's a monkey call. You know, monkey call and you I'll see we here. We're not a show. Yeah, here about that now and all the time everybody calls up. You don't like when people call no You should daddy my name and it's often that be we are. Yeah, yes, well, that's what my paycheck's still pretty big See you pal. So Moisturne on a rampage yours. That just ugly rumor. Oh, don't go to the traffic heard that before have you really? Yeah Well, at least that's that's a step up from pipe smoke or I guess hey, Moe you fair you moe W 2 a n. Hello, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey about the global warming. Yeah, I think we should pass the global warming act and have a solution We all turn our egg initiatives up to four power in our houses and open up the door and think with our cars All right, there you go. There's a thinking guy. That's one of your courses thinking people Good night, glad to be in our 10th television Pwea What are the police find in your home? I don't know Videos if you have any sex with tickle mail. I don't need the police and I don't need to do I don't say that is I'm Lockings about me. You don't know anything about things you would never stand things You Do it. Oh I You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. There is no goal. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go! Let's go now! Do you know, if it really is?! You think we can't land if you had a stick to walk out that door My love would overrule my sins You better call you back for more if I were you It's how we will I'm telling you what an aggladestide to be sure no Jimmy handbags You're gonna have no voice like that 102 560 WDQAM Great thanks by the way whoever sent this in Because I didn't see it but I just put it on our website At least I just sent it over to where Josh Maybe he'll put it on our website So does he cleans his fingers How is there a period of what it was dolphin tickets Josh Did he come right in there and say with an answer with some kind of response or what Mary asked sprinting just at the last break Yeah, you'll hear from him on his sprint Waiting for a leader that's the head of 12 today's New York Times And it says George W. Bush gave one of the worst speeches of his life yesterday Especially given the level of national distress and need for words of consolation and wisdom And what seems to be a ritual in this administration The president appeared a day later than he was needed He then read in the dress of a quality more appropriate for an arbor day celebration Along a laundry list of pounds of ice Generators and blankets delivered to the Stryton Gulf Coast He advised the public that anybody wanted to help Shots and Cash, Grind And promised that everything would work out on me in Well of course we will endure and the city of New Orleans must come back But looking at the pictures on television yesterday But place abandoned to the forces of floodfire and looting It was hard not to wonder exactly how that's going to come to pass Right now hundreds of thousands of American refugees Need our national concern and care Thousands of people still need to be rescued from imminent peril Public health threats must be controlled in New Orleans and throughout southern Mississippi Threatwa's must be given confidence that gasoline will be available And profit hearing must be brought under control At a moment when television has been showing long lives at some pumps and spot prices of protein Four dollars a gallon have been reported Sacrifices may be necessary to make sure that all these things happen in an orderly efficient way But this administration has never been one to counsel sacrifice And nothing about the president's demeanor yesterday Which seemed casual to the point of carelessness to suggested that he understood the depth of the current crisis While our attention must now be on the Gulf Coast Most immediate needs in the nation will soon ask why New Orleans levies remain so inadequate Publications from the local newspaper to the National Geographic have culminated about the bad state of flood protection in this beloved city Which is below sea level why were developers permitted to destroy wetlands in various islands that could have held back a hurricane surge Why was Congress before wondered off the vacation engaged in slashing the budget for correcting some of the gaping holes in the areas flood protection It would be some cover to think his Mr. Bush truly announced America will be a stronger place for enduring this crisis complacency will no longer suffice especially if experts are ready in warning warning That global warming increasing intensity of future hurricanes, but since this administration won't acknowledge that global warming exists the chances of leadership seem minimal Minimal Minimal to non-existent your president, baby, those of you who are supportive man look at a mirror Stag yourself and he eyed with your finger and ask yourself the question in my a moron in my an imbacill Look at that ray trousers moved he is moving up on the Jimmy Hendrix can be all right why he keeps bumping into him Who is or was the all-time best black recording artist or group Jimmy Hendrix 77 ray trial 76 Bob Marley 44 Mon, oh, please Stevie 132 and King Cole's got I find ridiculous temptations 29 Michael Jackson 27 Marvin G20 Otis reading 11 Prince 10 I mean look at somebody's we Armstrong's got nine But the shy lights don't have any see what's in Murray Jimmy rough and don't have any everyone's star and none Marble left none even Chubby checker Chubby checkers don't have any remember the Chubby checkers in Fassel I do Panila bell doesn't have any why do I get myself worked up about this about people I'm not taste I don't know just for the help it 567 560 pound 560 the Verizon singular wireless lines let's get about 400 calls in between now into a clock or I could just play like I've had much more motown WQA and hello I was in the morning the few years ago and there was a little problem with something that they have that keeps the water out Yeah, and so the people live it says why would you live where you've got first dams not even concrete or something just just piles of dirt holding a water back in your under the water It didn't make much sense why in or why the government all these years never did anything about it I mean it's for them and the way they go to houses in Mississippi. I mean didn't they learn anything from air and who are you So those next box houses were as two after those people but houses never had a chance You know what do remind me of well, of course, keep in mind the you know the poverty level of a lot of people living in those houses But in reverse some of the people live it's just like on the beach. You don't have any poor people living on the beach in Fort Laudonio or Miami Beach There's no slippers living over there, but they choose to yeah, and it's a big deal. They want to have the view. They want to live on the ocean all the southern creme It's like people that build homes on the top of mountain cliffs in LNLA. What are they thinking about? Diane, do they want to owe you must be eating? Yeah, I want to talk about it. I want to talk about it. He just disappeared without a word. No, a collar's gone. Okay. What else did he say this piece man? I'm asking you why would anybody wait for the next mudslide and put your house on the edge of a cliff They're stupid. And then what it is? What do you eat now? We're going to give somebody a plug or not. Pizza from Tony's. Oh, pizza from Tony's. Thanks Brad Brad. Oh, my book. Crack up Gary Sarner's. Rod is over here from there. Gary Sarner brought it over. Reload it. And I'm going to let that in to must be kosher. No, he's got extra tray. So it's got salt and pepperoni. Papi, Rudy on it. And sausage. And sausage. Oh, that pork. Oh, no. 560560 pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. Why do you have to mention Gary Sarner? I was just starting to get into a good mood. WQIM hello. Yes sir. The dark folk look real bad with all that looting. I'm telling you it's all of them. A couple of things. WQIM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Who is the sound by police? I just don't understand how. You get away with playing the bird's sound. It's can't do the fart sound. Oh, I can't say it anymore. You're asking me to explain it. We've explained some busy bitch name. Joyce over there in Naples window. Radio of your stuff for a couple of hours. Yeah, but I mean, what's different. I'm just taking a look at you. I can see if it's broken. I never burped through my ass. Did I know? Did you? No, not lately. Oh, the sound. The sound. The sound effect. Please sound bite. The sound bite. Joyce, you idiot. You still yes. You're fair. Calm. And that just goes with the territory. It's not much you can do it. Joyce, I'm just taking a money in the text team. Clear rain. We've got to, you know, maybe that. So now I figured out what Troy was going to tell me. This morning, that's why he ran out because he just finally scoured. Is if I really give a grant. That's what he was going to tell me. What? The mode with the mode business. The more you hear it, the more ridiculous. No. No. What the hell wasn't then? I don't know. You say mode and you must know something that ate a secret. Something he missed. An A-N-S secret. An A-N-S secret. I see. W-Q-A-M-H-O. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. This is the radio station. This is W-Q-A-M. W-Q-A-M is a kneel around. When he's right here, you're talking perfectly around. I'm real around. What's that? What's that? An applause. I'm real around. Like a barrel. Quiz, huh? Your kneel? Meal. That's a greatest movie ever made, man. Yeah. Yeah, I just say I got front of mine as school teacher. And I told him about the movie. And I played it as classes for his children and stuff. Really? Yeah. Thanks a lot, sir. I tell him about that. James Jamerson and all that stuff. The one on day, buddy. He mentioned Mississippi Bluesman, Robert Johnson. Robert Johnson, no, they did not. Okay. If nobody would be playing the way they play, even those guys, and I'm moving for what the Robert Johnson. Really? He's a king of the Mississippi Blues. I'll be there. Sure, I hope we didn't get flooded away there. So Mississippi Bluesman, Robert Johnson. Okay, you was a Robert Johnson. You know why I think it is? The Mississippi Bluesman. And Robert Johnson. Who? Who? Who? Who? Not Marvin. Oh, no. Marvin, who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Anyway, for people tuning in and one on with the name of the movie, standing in the shadows of Motown, Sound DVD. It's also the soundtrack, Be available. And it's about the Funk Brothers who are with the group of musicians, fantastic musicians from Detroit who backed up all the Motown hits. I mean all of them. They played on more number one hits than the Beat Boards. The Rolling Stones. I was personally in the Beatles, combined making them a great his Hit Machine and a History of Parking in the Music, and virtually nobody until his movie came out. about nobody knew any of their names or what they all did or what the whole deal was. And then, then, uh, Suds brought it in, brought in the movie. Thank you, Suds again. I know, come to me, come to me. To find the real, the failure that they made. We're going to be here, we're going to be here. Come to me, come to me. Come to me, come to me. We're going to go, don't get so proud. But if I have to cry, if you have to go, if I can go, if I can go, if I can go, if I can go. Come to me, come to me. Come to me, come to me. Wake yourself up, wake up, wake up. Wake up, wake up, wake up. You're so Shakti, the The man who brought the only O3 votes, one of them being mine because nobody knows who he is. Right. Best kept secret since Tony's. Once 13 at 5.60, WQAM was your car trucker van damaged by the hurricane. Did you experience water leaks, paint or body damage, interior flooding, electrical or computer problems? If so, take it to Armstrong Ford or Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. So make sure your vehicle be repaired by experienced technicians who know Toyota isn't for its better than anybody else. Armstrong Ford and Toyota Homestead had the most experienced hurricane damage repair facilities going. So don't take chances. Only certified technicians can properly diagnose your repairs. Right now they've got licensed insurance appraisals right on premises so you can get your vehicle fixed quickly and with no hassles at all. General Manager David Rich realizes you've been through a lot in the family on Armstrong dealerships are there to help. So get your vehicle repaired the right way only at Armstrong Ford or Armstrong Toyota. While the Armstrong Ford damage hotlines at 305, 242, 3286 or 305, 247, 5112, Armstrong Ford and Armstrong Toyota they'll help you through trouble time. Then drivers tell them she made a tape where she went to the middle to move on. And now he's a star. Famous make a feel. This common Pharaoh's song. Famous make a feel. Our candle lights them young. Look what they do. Making these days to revive all the crappy careers. Everyone needs their bumpy nubbies. And when you say you gotta just do not get anywhere. Here comes traders. Famous make a feel. In harm made videos. Famous make a feel. We say what our song is going. Up there we gates closed. We don't make fun of people. We don't think técnica. I'm telling you what the hell that was. No, he didn't have a time. And he also was no Bob Marlingman. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. One night, let's see, $20 for disaster. And if all the pork and transportation goes return to the citizens. Do you understand what that means? Yeah, the bill they just passed, you know, the energy bill I think they're talking about. $20 for disaster, 80 for all I see, 54. Well, it's really unbelievable. And as a result of the New York Daily News rights, Iraq mess A ads to the problem. The battlefields of Iraq seem so far removed from the awesome devastation in the near Biblical floods, at least under warlings and the rest of the Mississippi Delta by Hurricane Katrina. But these two tragedies are more closely connected than most of us realize. Some of 7,000 soldiers from Louisiana and Mississippi National Guard are stationed in Iraq. They include more than 3,000 members of the 256 brigade combat team, the unit faced in and around New Orleans. Also, Jews who represent 40% of Mississippi and 35% of Louisiana's regular guards strength were forced to watch helplessly from their barracks in Iraq to past few days as the hurricane swept through their neighborhoods and threatened their families. Quite simply, the two states are to sit by the stormy handicap from the state, not having enough guard units and military equipment like trucks, humvies and helicopters on the ground to handle the crisis. As much as we need them in Iraq, we also need them at home, Senator Murray Landry, Democrat Louisiana, War non-Cinin, just before the hurricane hit on Monday. Yet not until yesterday, the President Bush finally take decisive action to provide military reinforcements from other parts of the country or even from regular army bases in those states. By then, one of our greatest cities was underwater and being evacuated. Tencent thousands of its poorest residents were stranded in facing catastrophe. Millions were without power and looters that already waited off of all that could be taken. People are hurting and people are being vandalized and an editorial plea posted yesterday on the website of the Sun Hill to relax the Mississippi. And where is the National Guard? Why has an every able-bodied member of their own forces in South Mississippi been pressed into service? Except for the floods, the post-Rican destruction in near-energy in the world in as resemble those heartbreaking scenes of the chaos and Baghdad after so-called liberation. Those floods are yet another tragedy that the Bush administration will have to explain, they are in no small way connected to the curse that Iraq has become for our nation. Sure, no one could have prevented a powerful hurricane from hitting the Mississippi Delta, but federal, local government leaders all knew that it directed underworldings from such a storm coming catastrophe. The times ticking of New Orleans published new wars articles in the past two years warning that the city and federal officials were prepared. The newspapers articles also revealed that Bush was making huge cuts to an army Corps of Engineers project meant to sure up the levees in pumping stations that protect other residents from the waters of Lake Ponce and train in the Mississippi. That project known as the Southeast Louisiana Urban Floor Control Project has been in effect since 1995, but spending on it has been reduced substantially since 2000. It appears that the money has been moved into the president's budget to handle homeland security in the war in Iraq, and I suppose that's the price we pay the emergency management see for Jefferson Perselewisiana told the times ticking last year, nobody locally is happy that the levees can't be finished. Earlier this year, Bush, this president who's spending more than a billion dollars a week on the mess in Iraq, proposed less than $11 million new funding for the Louisiana Floor Control Project, the Army Corps of Engineers wanted at least 62 million. Among the items the White House suffered that flood control budget was money to study, how new Orleans could cope with a category five of her work can. Well, the entire country learned how this week will all be paying for that terrible lesson for decades to come. Nice going, David. And thanks again for those bargain basements and gas prices. 560560 pound 560 in the Verizon and the Singular Wireless Lines. Repairing in yet? In what? Distress? You know, and you notice how nobody says anything about it, it's just like 10-1-1 in the slide, you know? Nobody like addresses that issue? That's right, they won't. WDQ today will. WDQ AM, hello. Anyhow, a few minutes ago, college that hawken people behind dams and got me thinking that was keeping us from being flooded. The levees run like a picture by just one of his storm at his ears, the strength that it did, and New Orleans, if those levees and Lake of the Shelby waterfront. I got news for a sur, and you notice well as I do, if the storm, if we had a category 5 direct hit on David, where I would like to say the date where I would line for get about it. Back in the 30s, I think that's what killed thousands of people in Fort Lottodale was a levee broken Lake of the Shelby and then flooded here. All right, here you thought, thanks. Good luck. Good luck, Charlie. Don't have any flooding here. 560560 is meant to affect the probably cash and oba's checking about. What's the temperature there in Toronto and the Ongradi West? In fact, it's a sunny 77 right now. As in 77. All right, that's not a WABC. Yeah. Not too bad, sunshine, no rain, no floods, no end of the world. Concord no hamster. I'm sorry, Concord no hamster. I always do that. It was Concord, Michigan, Concord. The state is investigating the doctor, accused of telling a patient. Did you see the store on the news? No. Telling a patient that she was so obese, you might only be attractive to black men and advising another, the shooter self-faluing brain surgery. Let's face it if your husband were to die tomorrow. Who would want you to stay for the medicine said doctor, Terry Venetal, the overweight patient in June 2004? Well, men might want you, but not to text you might want. Might even be a black guy, according to the same face on the women's complaint. The board said it's also taking a second look at a 2001 allocation deemed unfounded at the time that Venetal, the woman we covering from brain surgery, to buy a pistol and shooter self-amaged suffering. Venet made an end. And as a matter of fact, that's a good idea for mold. Okay, put your self out of your misery. You'll spoil your brains out of you and find them. In fact, stick in your act, go, that should work. Venetal made national news last week when the complaint from the obese woman became public without any mention of the racial comment, but senior assisted attorney general Richard Head, who leads the State Consumer Protection and Anti-Trust Bureau, said Tuesday, the woman complained about the racial remark not about being lectured. In a telephone interview Tuesday from Rochester, Mahamsha, Venetal and any wrongdoing in the defendant's message to her saying that he is red pools that say that black men prefer overweight women. Venet added that he's angry the boy. The boy is weak considering the 2001 complaint. That patient is currently in a nursing home completely demented tied to which he are drooling on herself and doesn't recognize anybody said Venet 67. She was in pretty nearly that condition at the time she filed that complaint. Venet's lawyer, Charles Douglas said his client is being attacked by the board which by its own rules does not physically doctors for bedside manner. If a patient doesn't like the message, go to another doctor, Douglas said. Head said that, and something like he's got a point. All right. Right? Head said that 2001 complaint has been considered as part of a review of Venet's overall adherence to medical ethics. Odoctor's an ethics one and how did they have anything to do with each other. The state consumer protection anti-Trust Bureau investigates complaints against doctors. Though the board decides how to act on them, head said the privacy laws provided from disclosing the woman's names. The board can find, referment or suspend doctors. You can also be both doctors licenses or require them to attend classes or treatment. A hearing is planned December 7. Earlier this year, Venet rejected an effort by the board to resolve the latest complaint. The board wanted him to admit he made a mistake into a ten-to-class on medical ethics which he called Touchy Feely School. Never go to Touchy Feely School? No, where is it? Venet previously was said by the board 1995 when as part of a settlement to a board discipline, the admitted lying at his 1992 and three medical license we knew will have for cases about being the nine hospital privileges and was five a thousand. It's a fraternity. It's like lawyers know that. It's like sportscasters. Same thing. It's a big fraternity, everybody just, you know, that means a and sucks up big time. Speaking of a second big time, I'd like to stop an exhibition game to start a who's a plan at Atlanta. Oh, the Falcons. That's right. Oh boy. And you're not going to get to go because you don't have any tickets for the game. Yeah, what are for you? The season opener. Ray. I think I'm going to have to look in my contract right after the show and take a look and see what it says about those tickets, about those duckets. Get them in the road. No, that's what they're trying to do. They're trying to duck it. They're trying to duck the issue. What if I wanted to go to all the preseason games? Well, probably would have been an idea if you'd open up a mouth before the preseason started. That would have helped me out. Right. But of course, do I care about the dolphins or their stupid exhibition game? No, but a regular season game. Oh, right. You these things? No. I'm going to have the money. Like I said, right. Keep the tickets. I'll take the cash. A racing and poker fans. Pump it up. Park is back in action. Starting this Friday, September 2. Plus you're a buck. A buck's fan anyway. Okay. We need to go to see the dolphin game is for just to root against him. Go to a couple football games. To root against the dolphins? Yes. Well, good. I want to take it's right. No money. Hey, racing and see. I'm trying to do this spot. Priced in clean. Okay. And you're like, keep stepping and stepping. I'll go. Whatever. You know, racing and poker fans. Pump it up. Park is back in action. Starting tomorrow. Friday, September 2. Opening night tomorrow. The first 1,000 fans to purchase a Pump it up. Park for a rim. We'll get a coupon for a free stadium seat cushion. Plus there'll be free mini horse rides. And stakes races too. I'm both Friday and Saturday nights. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. It is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day in the year is over. to be replaced by the Trinity network. Trinity means in the father of Son and the Holy Ghost, not a ghost like Casper, but a real ghost. Oh, that reminds me, leave those stupid plumber guys until they find a holy ghost, not those like Boo, but the Holy Spirit himself. My white, blue eye Jesus. I want to cleanse his feet. Foot fetishes are here by a brood. Where a burden books too, starting with the wizard of Oz. We Christians have always hated that book for the long this time now. Something about a gay prisoner, something that is will have you believe gay people call us 9 11. Although I did like irreversible. Boo, tenure, obtener, obtener, that poor Jesus Medella. The source oferton's thunderous torture Whave a bright star Why is then so good Can I have you? I just want to stay for bring the power I choose, live in Here's another fact this is if you see Channel 7 to bring you new cancerase for their hurricane Katrina coverage. Probably not. I don't get Channel 7 here. You're right. Thank God. That's another good reason to be out of South Florida stay tuned here for WSV and continuing coverage of catastrophe along the coast. Oh my are you kidding me? I'm just talking about that tomorrow in the middle. Okay that must be it must be geeks get cheap tickets to Japanese click. Remember I'm going to do this one on Tuesday and run out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of plums. They're preparing your a geek might get you strange listen someplace but a Japanese movie theater is offering outspoken nerd something positive of this town. A small movie theater outside Tokyo is offering cheaper tickets to so called geeks for the summer romance movie about a nerdy guy who falls in love. All that's needed to get to this guy is to ask for one ticket for a geek at the booth of the Japanese movie train man. customers are getting a kick out of saying it said Koji Nida sales chief of the Fujisiba Fuji Sawa Chau theater South Tokyo. There only a few who look like typical geeks though. I know somebody could. Oh yeah. The Fend of Geek. The movie takes so called geeks into a genre than I usually associate it with romantic love. The Twighty world hero turns to a favorite geek where a few gen search of girlfriend advice the internet's offering it is. The concept is to be writing the types of people eligible to be or taco the Japanese term for geeks. Nida said about 70% of the theater's customers now claim to be geeks. Will the real geek please stand up. That's it. Vincent's a faction says where is Wilson ticket on your poll? Well we we discussed the possibility of putting out having Wilson ticket. Right? We did. Well we just mentioned Wilson ticket. Why simply might put a money. Wilson ticket when a man loves a woman and you know I'm at leave his other what was other big hits. I'll look up. I got my top 40 book right here in my billboard book which impages falling out of I guess I better go buy a new one. I could be forget this. Oh, here. We have a lot of things in my house. Land of a thousand dances. Pumpkin Broadway. Huh? Yeah. Oh, one of your favorites would go with a green grass school. You just over the grass school. Must hang a salary. Staggle. Midnight mover. Yeah, all kinds of good. And he also recorded sugar sugar and I bet the art cheese aren't too happy about that. We just talk about the art. He's the work show because I asked you or two of your favorite group. Art. So there's Wilson ticket. Let's put him on here. He'll give a couple of votes. Not too many though because he sure ain't no Jimmy Henry's or Bob Marley. Although Ray Charles is taken top spot. Let's share for Ray. Oh, Ray. Nice going Ray. Ray Charles 85. Jimmy Henry's 80 Bob Marley 49. Stevie I wonder 3833. That can call 32. Oh, that's pathetic. Temperations 31. Michael Jackson's God. Bob. Marvin G. 21 James Brown 11 or just writing 11 chart very 11 prints 11 land. Lands Armstrong going to have any but Louise good 10. I'm so sick. It's hard to hear about lands Armstrong. I just want to barf. You care about lands Armstrong? No. He's God. Oh, Vince is also thanks for the late he has who's safe for the red cross donations. It's impossible. Donate at the red cross web as usual. The red bed time stories make you and your staff true. Pay for it. Yes. We are. We're too. Pay for it. Speak of the Patriots. Some Brady's arm coming. Josh. He's going to be up for the season. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Luckily. Story. How's that escalated coming? I wonder if he still pewed it. I was Cadillac people. Poor Tom. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon cigarette or rather sign. The bottom line of the show is today. We love that video. The DVD. Those of us who have seen it about 10 of us standing in the shadows of Motown. And the rest of you are assigned to go out and get the DVD and the soundtrack. And number two bushes in the sill and dangerous N.A. and evil doer. Of course we knew that ahead of time. Well, we didn't know it was about standing in the shadows of Motown. That's again. So I can profusely give a big kiss in the little thunder. I will for many. That's what that's from the old man. How many QA in hello? Not there. QA in hello. You're opening in two. Little Anthony and Peele's no chance. How many QA in hello? I had a few questions. Okay. Where are the four top? They're not on there. Oh, I guess not. I voted for them to say. You don't do it on there. Uh, where are one moment of place? There are four votes. Small four tops for a vote. Oh, I'm pretty sad in it. Okay. Well, I add mine. And the other question is, I know this is going to sound kind of dumb and maybe a bit. Sounds like them to me. But about the leading and the more lanes. Mm-hmm. When you're in a place that is like 15 people. A water has no electricity. Why on earth would you steal flat free and TV? So you know what we're reading today? Yeah, I guess. I don't know. You're asking me to explain that because you want to know the answer? Do the question seriously? Because they can. Because they can. Oh, okay. That's a kind of people. I do stuff like that because in other words, when nobody's looking, they'll take whatever's there. Whatever's in the nail down. Okay. Good luck to us. Yeah. Yeah. There's all kinds of crap. So there's two different kinds of looters. The looters we like or take in stuff that they desperately need to like stay alive and the necessities of life you'd call it. Like food and water. That kind of helps. And I can actually see people go in and take in a pair of shoes or something. I mean, these people have been wandering around for days now and water up to their hips for crying. I'll see that. Oh, maybe a good pair of hip boots might be better. Yeah. Waiters. Then 31 pair of Nike's in Reebok's. Did you see some of those people? I just boxed and the best part of the deal is they're going into the shoe stores and they're sitting down and trying them on to make sure they get their right size. Well, okay. When you go in to Brande's to see Arnie or let me read Try these on and make sure I got the right. Because there's nothing worse than seeing something that don't fit. This is meal Rogers. This is by 16. A Step for so to MTV's Pim-Bryce face shuttle. Don't laugh to not board. Remember that two protrudes fit to each shielding. Affirmative point where we ripped them bad boys out and who to with these bang and stuff wuffers. Check it. That is dope. I know this particular device. I can see. We ripped out all them complicated instruments to one that. According to 32 inch, mad mother with the FD. Houston. We have a place station that's all tonight on MTV. Consider this reusable facecraft. Bam! Roger. I mean, Rogers will. Oshizl. C.K.W. My Townsend. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. Remember I said I didn't hit him. He's good. Yeah, I lied. I didn't realize I've why I'm went out and bought 8,000 CVs yesterday. So I just looked at my contract and it says that they don't have the rights to the games. They have to provide the monetary compensation for like 80 million different kinds of things. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I have a very compensation for like 80 million different club seats and etc. So on. I think six club seats, founder seats, clown receipts, all of these things. So I'll take the cash, ray. Sorry, Josh. You lose. Well, when you think, you win, we're going to get a cut, right? Yeah, you get a cut. Alright, right? Sorry. I've heard the sun. Right about where the sun meets the wrist. The fact that we're supposed to be such a big shot sports, there's no, wouldn't you think that they would be able to give you a couple of tickets there now and then. That's right. I forgot you're connected with the show. You know, we're the boys and now. Before you got involved with the show, you're a guy who is like, you know, persona Greta, but I was persona, nana, humana, nantrati. Bad guy, anybody connected anybody who likes the show, anybody who talks to us, anybody who has anything to do with any of the Rogers show, we're on the outs. And you know what? Too bad. Somehow you'll scrape your way by and you don't need to see the stick and dolphins. You know, we easily could have made our 600 votes today. In fact, I think we still might. With 22 votes in 13 minutes, we could do that, can we? Only haven't even mentioned it. We're just floating on in your 580, 580, we need 20 votes in 13 minutes to get to 600, another phenomenal accomplishment. Let me say it again. The name of the DVD is standing in the shadows of Motown. And it's just a series of when they sit down and they stare when they get together and start jamming it man. They're playing all those songs that we're hearing today. It's exactly exactly like a record. Of course it's not because it's maybe the ones that played it. They are really, I should probably play a little more than Joe Mouseborn. And I play it that, it becomes a broken hearted. Do it. Oh no, he didn't play he wave. No. He's quite impressed. The tune of sound like hearted waves as opposed to like the original music. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. I'll do this. I'll do this. I'll do this. I'll do this. I'll do this. I'll do this. I'll do this. I'll make it togging and about原因. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Oh, listen. Yeah, listen. Because you're my instrumental hero. Yeah, listen. Now if I would have played then said that's the original Martin of Adellos. Will you notice any difference? No. You said oh yeah. He's Bob Harnett. He's spotted it. Yeah. He's got a spot. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pound 5. So there's nothing worse than having a spot on it. You know? Oh whatever. 5 86. We're going to just slide right into 600. This is fantastic. This is like almost being redeemed you know. Ray Charles 89. Jimmy 184 and effort. That's Bob Marley 50. Then I make you want to like cry out whatever. Bob Marley, man. You big Bob Marley fan. Oh my son. Huh? I like a couple of the song. Yeah. But I mean he's in the same category with these other people. No that's me. Four tops have four votes and Bob Marley's got 50. What that B man? What kind of a bunch of communist crap is that? I guess I can smick in the schedule. I'll count. Okay. I'm sure the next week's schedule all the next week is the last week for this two weeks man. It is bad bad news. Really a science situation. Good for you. Bad for me. Yeah. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 62. It's day. It's day. It's day. It's day. It's day. At 5 6 Oh vra the other crew of NRT00. 5 I am a cast robber Hold. That's not a similar piece of shit need over. There are more Khistram perch and Gibri at night. Could not be between the last two weeks. That even one field goal, and when you say my amy you're so fucking foil at focus there I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I'my Tins and the lead Very true, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins You'll set on them your always news But Dolphins can't beat anyone can't even beat the spread I wish that since one body would come back from the dead There's Dick Saving, makes some practice while he wears a stupid hat Till and a brighter laugh at folks that lose her day once at them There's a Miami Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins I'my Tins and the lead, but good man, I amy Dolphins I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Stanchua, how about you? A dude, some dolphins are in trouble, but lots of legal stripes Their titan likes to work out by beating up his wife A half-the-cheap, our criminal, the other half-sundrogs And this is what will happen when you draft up for your fugs Miami Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins They really are a mothy crew Here, but dolphins have no pockets, they've got no passing games I've got just one suggestion, they ought to change their names Do the Miami tampons and light of such a thing There'd good for just one period And have no second string, and there would be a Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins Miami Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins, I amy Dolphins The Dalton's have no balls except called ones they're playing with. I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it. It doesn't matter if he never has another trope. It seems that this seems playoff to me, but all gone up this smoke and there up. I am he Dolph. All right. I am he Dolph. I am he Dolph in some birth to what the hell 42. I am he Dolph. I am he Dolph. I am he Dolph in now they're blue. I am he Dolph. Guess who is missing in the hole is put away. And the irony of it is one of his big hits was walk in two to the hole. Oh, fat stomano. Oh, and fun fat stomano has been hurt from since Monday afternoon. His rock and boogie walking in piano and deep soul voice are only part of not only part of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame where responsible for dozens of hits like Blue Monday and Theta Shane Goober Hill and yes, I am walking in and walking to New Orleans. So I am no 76 of who is wife Rosemary and Dolph in a tree store. Take the passion world in past war which is now underwater. Not looking good for Antoine. That would be bad. One of my favorites. I am going to say that's because you people do your taste as well. Who was it was the all-time best black recording artist and or group and so far. Ray Charles 91 Jimmy Henry 85 Bob Marley 51 Mon Stevie Wonder 37. I think over the six Michael Jackson 33. Temptations 33 Marvin Gay 26. So whatever not might. What was that fat stomano? Oh, you are never not my taste in music again. Please. Bye bye.