Tell her, tell her. Not today. No- Tell her. We'll make a chord. First we got our own T's y'all. We have heard this today and then edgy kea at Four Glock Mad Dog is off. Right? And then the best is to come ten o'clock tonight. Only march as. I have a piano. the guy who can speak other than that he's a great blockbuster i think sometimes he's a little shrill talking about shrill i'm just saying he can speak that's the problem kind of like we did crossbreath he can speak other than that she's uh... pretty weak capital here as his again last night after a nice comeback in the third period down three nothing they hide up by saw some of that and i tuned in in the overtime and then with four seconds left they did it again they mean that be good but at least they're consistent for a long-maving tenth of a second left in the clock they can blow the game to me as a man who's lost that way yeah last ten seconds think for him you attach any significance to the fact that uh... keen in his honest road trip no canceled a strip to finland yeah well you look at the makes the moves i mean if that's what you're driving at the we don't want to talk about hockey that'll be the end of this don't bury me right off the bat we got important stuff to talk about today like the beages what's up with the what's left of the beages wapa you're part by saw the biography of two our special on biography channel on the weekend and so i saw that long time ago yeah that was really great it was good and so it was inspired to go out and get all the uh... because down there i had all the beages but of course anything good that i left behind and got stolen long time ago in a rock you know that was that something about a rock no like uh... like uh... seventy nine and nineteen let's start formulating the exit plan that was kind of a decisive vote would you say in the senate you know five artists of the beages i don't know something that we were talking about the beages and i heard you know i'm a raxle i'm a pick up my city and accidentally i've heard hit that uh... and then George grab instead of smoking it speaking of pot you know i was watching a concert yesterday the grateful dead and jannish jocelyn boy they were good why is that remind you of pot because it's good to watch those things now when you can remember them are you there i'm here uh... just listening i don't know what the jury repeals are something huh i hear the sound of crickets are some nobody how he still did to yes jannish jocelyn and the grateful dead yeah what a concert huh i would pass myself all you know i was started watching i got i was tremendous doctor hook yeah and a medicine show yeah so i got the abd's pull and of course the being the positive product we got out there the same people when system they are dropping the sopens that are using body wash uh... all the abd's stuff is leading our poll 22.9% of the right so the abd's stuff why would you say that that you'd say that because that's the that's the socially acceptable thing to say for all these much or guys about their all you know i'm not but we're very much unappreciated because they lived here you know so i'm scarringland is that it well the fact that they are lived here i've had a one thing more so i'm sure her hand that they lived there because you want to go to monstrosin i'm not putting him over the age i was in the him if butchered him up real good i's gone monstrosin i whatever happened with that like it was like an impacted uh... big macros something i was it wasn't her lawsuit after that i think so i've never sold a result of that and i'll probably uh... one of those settlement deals behind closed doors but they were great they really were they were great anybody just like that whole craft origin i were talking before i was showed today about to you know disco sucks people say things because uh... they think it's socially acceptable to say it well that's all way to my whole the phone until this tornado came through look who's standing in the middle of that wreckage and devastation here in tornado is with a black coat a black top coat rare and nice of voice oh my god look at that maybe like some kind of creature will come crawling out from underneath all that rubble and just uh... take care of his ass and the rest of them too how's that guy hidden from the state he rakes these still dead uh... most of us around here don't like you ha ha ha ha ha ha he is something i'm surprised they have a mine actually when people are awake because they pretty much they're on to him already and they've relegated him to like uh... two o'clock in the morning when people are sloughing and what we send the beages were not appreciated because they lived down in south for a year they were appreciated i think far more everywhere else than they are here well so everything else could is appreciated far more than south of i mean they changed a whole culture right like the beetles did uh... you know well that affect was when they came to a florida criteria records instead of a quote i held them down there and i'm not just uh... that was really big at that time back to the body says this goes sucks all all great music was a lot of the great music was being made right there at that time and these people don't appreciate i see what role martina's crony's got elected and highly yes yeah i was a how long was roll in office of you years about thirty years long enough to scare the crap out of me but i was wondering about what thirty seconds would have been long enough for you yeah that's his new flocking that's his job now is to uh... he's gonna shadow you now he's a very old-school capital cover your shoulder he'll be standing there the picture in a paper makes him look almost as uh... his biggest role yeah that's how i'm saying we can't we couldn't find look at bratsy no more so we brought this guy so you're expecting to change much in highly no so he's never changed in highly i think that change is that the track is closed down and nobody goes there anymore other than that to hand me down government yeah it's very a sad place i i was live there in the highly uh... what what that was uh... what is that called on the what it's called not highly of gardens but it's the mami lakes high school uh... that's a t i know where you're talking about yeah i guess okay highly of back in that it was okay they were like about six people are spoken with him was all right i i when i leave shool is i drive past that all the time do you know that i school yeah well i'll be there american high schools what uh... is what it's called now i think well i don't think it would have been making any return uh... appearances are signings in highly uh... i remember when you lived over that area how do you know that because you said talk about it i did yeah long time ago well that's long that's another like long time listener first time call it just like the little apartment i had a dvts when i first went to kd that was really something yeah that was unbelievable everything else good for you today what was the name of the drug store with the restaurant on altran road there was a black for more at that little apartment well the orthodox jews were screaming in yelling at the time though there were Spanish jews as a matter of fact here were from Spain the loudest bastards i ever encountered my life and on a sunday i had one credit card and i had my uh... my visa my first credit card i went to uh... maybe with my flagship bank never with the ship back there on uh... was an evident or it was an all-wheel yeah and anyway i went through my credit card on sunday in the uh... eight years out of order course back to those days that were not eight years yet ago to your bank and i was pretty much it yeah i don't remember i don't have no case i had no groceries and i want to go have lunch and i didn't dilly with a would not a dilly bose and cry on all the road was a drug store with a soda fountain with uh... with the old fashion counter and i'm croc i'm crossing the street going back to my little apartment and i see i'm the by the curb i see uh... ten and a five some a draft fifteen dollars on the street and there was my lunch money two hundred two story you had to stop for lunch money huh yet to stop for lunch money i had a stupia might as well as a kt was making seventy five bucks a week or whatever now one i was actually making two hundred a week and then i get a big race to give me a big race by the way next time you have lunch with some thanks for the race to two and a quarter that really put me over the time i'm good i asked it with all was he paying you that you had to go out like a one year missus cats and time was standing in the flags here thanks being at that bank and i'm in there making the positive my paycheck and she says oh hello and the other is paid it you feel rich now i said not quite yet missus pay i know for that quite you feel rich now missum a little bitch you need a great over there uh you need a great read over there oh yeah nothing so stick with missus k she can't do any harm now she's dead she's not as dangerous as he is you know this everything has been kind of like calm down like we we don't have any uh i should probably probably give us a canary by samus yeah we don't have any like wild match in atians and flagulations and things going on for more changes and don't have any of that for a while now in fact it's already the middle of November i would say since the beginning of the year since you went on warnings and uh we stuff your buddy in the end of the day since all of that since Joel tried to hire everybody away why don't we even try to hire everybody with it try to hire our hand was what is it tried to hire a couple of us right i spoke by the way Joel oh wait till this fall those numbers are gonna be spectacular I see gusts for rock probably isn't gonna play on sunday right i still say the browns are gonna be to dolphins especially with that uh girly quarterback Trent Delfer Trent Delfer i'm not talking about that girly quarterback i'm talking about Scott Rosen uh crans falls oh say no you're talking about i thought you were talking with their quarterback not no i'll fix no well yeah their girly quarterback is gonna be to dolphins girly quarterback that's exactly what i said everybody wants to see sage rose and fels well he'll have your chance this week yeah he did start the last game of the season like you and he had one touch down pass and three intersections right he is gonna really show you what you were waiting to see i said yes i thought that uh that uh gusts is fingers probably the same one as wife has been flashing at the media all week because he can't hold a son sent no if he was so tired or we know a crafty or writing about her husband even though was all true but very uptight them people in ferons they say he's a real good guy well at you know something that's great Joe's a gackies a good guy too on that note have a great day Katherine Harris is uh getting scum in the fall yeah her manager said hey i'm jumping off the Titanic maybe she can't really be her manager Leo the caprio yeah now he's big on the Titanic hey Leo you're fair we have a great day say don't lose too much not today and i'll give you a woodbind report in the morning okay see you by good learned about thanks for the song hello what is warm up i'll say you come here often put me have you been here before no first time what's your name freeway freeway that's nice i'm spigget it's me too that gets my hair you were here to get a cleaner oh i don't know you were working on here i'm a waiter but actually i'm an actor you know yeah you know what's the top and you probably need to rely oh i'll say but you know everything is in news and all are to pay you can start relaxing right now freeway i uh brought something cool uh she and freeway not just any she either wow go to a man you need to be kind of um here's the most important part freeway to be pro text label pro text uh aren't those in George by the time he comes with infant's disco absolutely you know the pro text slogan bill i sure do 35 say it by the city by the bag well what do you say darn look at that i trust so began how do you bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and spigget have condom said don't let worry spoil those tense meetings and public showers always carry pro text r o v e e e e e i my free has can be r o v e e e e b and now with no apology i can't even have a good time you know what it's all about the pro text so they won't send you a re pro text condoms i'd be sure to black flag how can garden have some old division keeping situation folks since 1880 sir that's right all you guys that are still using the soap we know you just want to keep dropping it don't you're not full and anybody dumb i didn't really hear hang say that he really enjoyed that uh constantly saw and TV the grateful that in janis japan he really say that i was having a difference of opinion with the right wife regarding that particular movie uh just the other day really it's a movie about a concert tour that they did together i see well man make sure warmly if it comes on again oh hey i'll tell i'm going to be real busy i'll be out like plucking uh here's from i anastore you got to warn me if you see it first though right ten thirteen already but i hope i was sure her voice this morning maybe i was or maybe they went real late with their last break because we have a few spots on the log today i found back to uh for whatever your name is in sales he's really doing it that kind got a whole bunch of new sales people where you got that boiler room going in the back dollar hour nice gone Curtis thank you's got i love hey i'm having a gay affair with hey i was standing there one day not thinking i would die from being able to make i should never keep the day i'll know i'll be back with this happiness like you, dont draw the dide I guess I should have known what to expect, because they've in my arms, which the tie-up service gives me to this town. I would act to me to borrow, if I didn't even get back, I swallow. Why can't you let me, so you can laugh? Why can't you lose a standard right? But I will replace inside my hiding, and make my dad grow. Welcome, tell it to him, and then some. So anyway, we should have joined QAM today, 111 at the Metro PCS store, at 9900 Pinesville wide. And we should have joined QAM, as if, you know, this kind of anthropomorphic reference to the radio station. Like it's a living, breathing thing. It is. It's a monster. It's an under one of those great signings of it. Stasher Mr. Stavbáde when prizes from the Housewall Hotties. I have no idea who they are or what they look like, but you'll find out for yourself. When prizes from the Housewall Hotties and the great deals on new activations, that's the Metro PCS to in Pemberpinesville, and one today with 560 QAM, 9900 Pinesville wide. Or do something more useful. Okay, so here's yesterday's pool. The biggest faker on TV ever. Jim and Tammy Faker rhymes with faker, and Los Angeles Laker and Marvin Maker. Anyway, Jim and Tammy Faker, 350, they kind of pulled away their mistress. They led from the get-go from the House said, nobody could catch him. Pat Robertson, they'll give him a run for their money, 298. Dr. Phil 252, a very respectable third, Bill Oralie 202, a way, 20-in-204. And then way down after that, that's the top five. They're in the league of their own. He's a very good 70, a robber of her 57. Kevin 2047. He moved up nicely once they figured out who I was talking about. What they don't want you to know. You don't want us to know that you are a crook and a con artist and belong back in prison, okay? Reserve the same self-form where he was twice before. Piece of turd. And but he got handed to him very clever. He puts all these little things in there that everybody agrees with people that are pissed off and don't trust a medical profession at all as an end. And then he just jumps on it. I wish I had a thought of it. Jan and Paul Croch 46, Oprah has got 38. The Oprah might have moved up their nicely as that all these women mesmerized, all these silly ass housewives. Rearving D. James Kennedy 34, Ernest Ainsley 22, Tim Russell 21. Richard Simmons 12, not the reason he didn't do more than that is because you don't see him that much anymore. Thank the Lord. Thank God. Bill God. We teach him hands with another funny diet plan with the ideal of meal and squeal of meal and squint of the oldies. I still have marks on my neck where he tried to choke me that time at I&Z. Peter, I searched like he was a common around. He came in, he's an idiot. And he put his hands around my neck. I bet he was squeal to hard. I say. Yeah. He was there with his dark, complicated boyfriend by the way. Peter Popoff had 10, which in the beginning of the show nobody knew who he was. And then they discovered that magic water. Once you discover you or they had magic water than you ought to know who that is. And Ron Popeye was last today because we trust Ron. He was 1677 votes. Pretty damn good. I would say when you did Peter Popoff. Well, we discovered Peter Popoff. You have to have those panthers. Yeah, they did it again. Oh man. What is up with that? Four seconds left at overtime. And all of a sudden there's that sacku koi who man in the distance to Tinnonetten. The bottom being that said. And there's that Jack Martin frog. We'd had the long look on his pussy. Oh geez. We lose again and no he ve. Anyway, here's the poll today. And I'm going to say again. And you look here in time to have bad taste. There's no question about it. It's a free country at least not like he used to be before bush. But there are a few freedom left. They're not sure what they are. But one of them definitely is having bad taste. Like saying that you enjoy Jan is jaffling and the grateful dead. I wasn't going to argue with Hank. He's entitled to have bad taste. At least he liked to be PG's and admits it. Okay. Anyway, like the grateful dead. I don't know. Remember last thing during our CSAT? I'm tied Diane over here. Cute. My all time favorite PG song is now again. I was inspired because I saw the PG's on biography. Have that on the cable at biography now. Boy, that's a great network. That's one of my very favorites. In fact, they had last night. Sometimes they have like, not in, well, wasn't individual. But it was like a newsy thing. It was the, um, and I asked him. How come you're so newsy now? The Boston Stranger, Albert to Salvo? What about it? Remember to Salvo's pizza? Well, no, wasn't the same to Salvo. Albert, they had his biography on last night. And it was flea Bailey was on air. And it was pretty interesting. Because I lived in Boston at that time. In my land lady, her name was Mrs. Brown. I said, hey, Brown, you're doing a heck of a job. She was an old, uh, silly old lady. And we had a guy who lived in one of the downstairs apartments. There's a name with Jimmy Murphy. And he looked like he was always on the shape and kind of like a very strange kind of guy. And he used to like, uh, join with her head. Hey, uh, Brownie. I wanted to call her, I forgot what he called her. But he used to like, um, try to make her think he was the Boston Stranger. Because at that time, at that time, all the women in Boston were terrified. They were like, uh, peeing in a bottle. And they were like, you know, I'm not even, uh, leave the living room. But anyway, Boston Stranger, he had to be the, I guess, to like appreciate how it was a kind of a scary time. Kind of like what Ted Bundy was running around loose and slower, uh, and the most days. Oh, yeah. My all time favorite VG song is, and, uh, what do we got? We already got a lot of votes on there. But of course, leaving the way in, I had to put this on because I knew we could a lot of votes. Leading the way the VG's suck, 127, 22.7%. I mean, you're so predictable. That's why I put that destroy song there. And then there's another one I put on there who are the VG's 16. Even Josh knows where the VG's are. Everybody knows where the VG's are. Right. So in 16 idiots after, even if you're like, uh, you know, 19 years old, you still know who the VG's are. They've probably have heard their songs and don't know that that's them. Right. Well, I don't want to, because we got, I don't want to offend a quarterly audience today. It may have been something happening to me. There is something I would like you all to see. I don't know, but you may not be a good one. I hope you can have one last chance. You can have time to have time to have time to have time. I hope you don't have to go away. I hope you can have time to say goodbye. I've got to turn it down. What do you think? If you look over here, we speak in English. Alright, let's go ahead and share that topic with you. Now, uh uh this PER müAnne. Sorry, Sir. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. I'll go to the next day. How many storms must I will man before? Before he gets blown off his feet? How much will my tears on his head? So he's to pay one fly out to see? How many times must he stumble and fall? Before he wins on news? And he... Who will the man my friend? He's blowing in the wind. Who will the man keep scrolling in? I'll die now on the hand. 1033 27 or 11 at 560WQAM. Los Angeles couple is trying to trademark Jesus' dues wine with a label that looks a lot like Michael Jackson being crucified. A rye. What a great concept. CBS News produced a Bruce Rines that is wiped on West Lake, filed for the Jesus' dues trademark two years ago. When Jackson was arrested on child molestation charges and reports are 50 allegedly gave children wine, which he called Jesus' dues. And you heard that here first by the way from the inquiry. It must be for it came out in the trial. Remember that? Right. The reports are on its website by the way. West Lake and Rines have not given the US patent and trademark office. They proposed the logo as well. A scantily clad man would long hear a black photographer covering his face. White saw some black loafers and a single sequined glow. As seen on the smoking gun.com. I fully expect the Jackson's lawyers will have an objection. Will be sposted Jesus' dues. A spokeswoman for Jackson told the Daily News. Rines who led CBS's cut news coverage to the trial at end with Jackson's acquittal said Jesus' dues was in a river and idea being blown out of proportion. We made a few bottles for friends the hobby line maker said we never wanted to sell it. We only treat market because we didn't want other people to try to make money awful. We didn't want to make money off Jesus like we religious freaks are. Somebody passes and I thought we had all the BG hits on there and guess what we didn't. And they were minding more about how to commit some. It's wrong with us, don't worry. Well, let's get an on there right now so they can go for it. So we made this story. And I was chasing it all and I can get it. Just not for me. I see why I left it off. But it didn't let me in return. Okay, that's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. Anyway, unless they're best out, they're first I think I can't read that at all. Crazy. Yeah, we're both as you could. It's in Kirk. What is that? Captain Kirk is their best on Captain Kirk. Two cans you to resist. Well, I was thinking more like, I don't know. Maybe Captain I get what I know. I'll see if we can beat it. Not much. You're the holiday. One, one, one. Such a holiday. That is not my holiday. When you die in front of me, I make such a miserable life. Boy, take me back to Icy! If I didn't threaten you, I continue with all your雨 Sometimes going with free me, I'm still icy. You know anyone can really hurt while applying the same effect. It's a totally different place to be a holiday, And they're to me like a holiday. If I will be a holiday like a holiday, I'll say by reasoning about my family. I'll win the fair! There's aス a2 Oh, Electu! Oops, Electu! I each are hearts out on you, uh, Maddo Coney stuff there. How are you, cause of BG fans? I all time favorite BG saw. The BG saw 120, 22.9% of our first 520 votes. 527, you vote's at 1037. Holy cow, of course I vote this time at 630. I just happened to wake up we early day and I thought, well let's give it a little head start. Never the head start program. Yes. Stay in the live so far is number one 65 for staying alive. Which as much as, you know, you got to like stay in live. But is that? Huh? Is that correct? Correct. Or answer for your opinion. How can it be correct answer? That's right. I'll get to outside when we get to the correct answer. Okay. George and I both had the correct answer. Yeah. Coincidentally. Well, how do you, well, it's cause it's the correct answer. Stay in the live 65. How do you love 35? But the only days 32, Jive Talk in 31, which I've had this kind of interesting one very talked about how he got the idea to make that about the traffic that would go over to cause weight because they live on star island and then it took a lot of time to collect the combination. I don't know what the grooves of the road. It was moderately interesting. It was great. I'm talking 31 and then the song that probably should definitely do it. So my son Broadway's got 26 votes. So they have a lot more than that. But then again, what do you guys know? More than a woman 24. How can he make a broken heart 23? Just reading all these titles, my god. Yeah. You should be dancing 21. I started at Joe 21. I fever 16 who are the VG's 16 of you said, who are the VG's? See, I just am not buying it. Josh is right. Anybody that's not the VG's kill yourself? To love somebody 15, I got to get a message to Jews for 14. Isn't that what the Jesus said? I'm in the stream 11 tragedy 10 New York mining disaster 8. If I can't have you 7, Ivan element. They did songs that other people had big hits on that they wrote for other people. Words 7 Massachusetts 70 motion 5. Love so right 3. Hardbreak or D on Warwick had a big hit. Remark 3. Yeah. Even though it would be on Warwick. He liked her back then. Then we thought out she was a fakeer. She was on it. I'll let's psychic crap. How old 8 3? Too much heaven 2. Oh, did I leave off? I left off here. Well, I leave islands in the stream off here. I hope so. Now come on now. Oh, I don't know when head 11 votes. I'm sorry. Holiday 3 which of course Kenny Rogers and Dali pardon. It's big. They were both big. Too much heaven 2. It were telling one you win again. 1. 1. 1. We're on to me in World heaven. So far at a 532 votes. You're going to play on Stos BG's. What's wrong with you? You're going to. This is where he loses contact with the audience. Okay. It wasn't when Eric Kaffins came flat off the left of window. It's what he started with his BG's crap. This is the new Rogers. This is 516-2A. That's smell it. Dude, man, nobody likes to get up in the morning. But let's face it. Party all night sleep all day. It makes Johnny one unemployed convenience store worker. That's why you need the rock and roll alarm clock. No MPP, BG's here. Just got wrenching high decibel screens from today's top rock artists. You'll await the Bruce Springsteen and Joe Parker. Chris Robinson from the Black Rose. And for the true comatosis sound, there's a hole arm. Oh, ftch this is a way to have call them more gear warm food man. Studies show scope, brain respond to the rock and roll alarm clock. Get it now and head bang your way into a new day. 1046 14th. We had a really screwed up lineup today because this one has the day off and that one is like screwing around. We got Curtis Stevenson a two for the moment. We don't do it. We'll be a little bit of an upgrade there. If he has me, any K is in for Mad Dog 4-7 and the broad daylight. All that he K will be 60. Any second now. He joined the old Jukelov on QAM. What do you think about that? Hurricane Hotline 7. How come we got that on Wednesdays? Now usually on us because we got a hockey tomorrow night. Hurricane Hotline at 7 from Bernie Cose our state house in South Miami, the beast at the Bernie Z9 and then Lenny Martez for any K who's in for Mad Dog at Lenny Martez at 10 tonight. So be sure, Mr. at please. High school junior, facing the charge of attempted murder after shooting or classmate in the shoulder Tuesday morning on a cloudy school bus. The blast from the 32 caliber handgun was the combination of argument between two teenage girls that began at the school previous day. We were my police spokesman Bill Robertson B. San. The victim, Collisha Cheed and 17 survived. The shooter ran prompting a massive search of woodscap, a three-line neighborhood in Southern Miramar just east of the turn bike. Officials locked down junior by schools as dogs, helicopters and SWAT teams, 100 for the girl, and 120 pm, 6 hours after the shooting, we were all 17 surrendered to Miramar detectives. She faces three felony counts including premeditated, attempted murder Robertson said. And the reason she did it is because Collisha that they before on a bus even though this article in the Sun sent us is they don't know what caused it. We already had that yesterday, right? From the herite. She made hot over her hair. Yeah. She said you're not going to do that in a moment now. I'll show you tomorrow. I'll put you back to Marmin and yesterday. And I'll show you the bus. And you'll give her what for? There was a carryover argument between the girls that started Monday Robertson said there's evidence the shooter fucked this out. In other words, it was premeditated and they said even that much worse when you just said you go girl. Bitch, try to come in. Just like finally, be lately. By the way, the jury's deliberating in a rubber blank thing. I don't see very much about that. Oh, look at this. Here we go. This is really a bad idea. This is just exactly what you'd expect. You're killing me with this VG's crap. Although at least they spelled VG's right. Almost they left the S off, but they left the S off. But they left the, there's like a space between B and G. Okay. But there are a lot of pressure. You're killing me with this VG's crap. Stop it now. I might have to listen to the Joel station go for him. Go right ahead. Have a good time. Okay. Listen to that crap for about 30 seconds. You'll be right back. 30 seconds. They got juice and toast and omelette and for Tata and scrambled eggs. And they got cinnamon toast and whatever else you want. You'll just go into a coma. Most of the gifts it says are now dead. And you probably making them turn their own graves by hearing the music being played. Well, first of all, the only gifts that it says Andy Gibble was never remembered to VG's and more. Gibble doesn't want us. I know and there's only two other ones. Anyways, Robin and what's his name? Go tell me. Very, very good. Very, very. You're fair now. How can you be very off? He's like the lead singer. Most of the songs. Right. With a false set of voice. My show guys though. My show guys with a false set of voice. You can get away with that. You can't be like a girly man. Like, you know, I can't see very manalo singing what I kind of. But well, actually he does. So anyway, you're killing me. Okay. Well, you know what? Too bad. Just like those hockey shows. You're telling us that we don't like anything. You don't know what you do. Like that's out for the for you. I like it. And like I said, or now just came out of the blue out of nowhere. I just haven't seen that biography thing. And I thought, well, it's got kind of a local hook to it because they live out there in Star Island in the half or years. And more is died in Mount Sinai where they're bushed in Memphis because he had like, you know, he'd like that bit says. All he needed was like maybe a little duke relax or something that cleared out, went and doubt cleared all out. And instead they just tortured him up and he would be before he knew what he was dead. And this is what you're going to show him. The fact that most of the VG's are probably dead right now. I don't even know who the hell they are. You know, you're better get with it. You better do a little VG's research sir. Women head you are. In a word. Crank it. And he's saying word. The song. The song. The song. See, I was going to change the pool and no one is doing it. I'm going to say that one for tomorrow. Just to get you with that action. That'll teach you to set us a hot little facts. You can't eat it. You're fair right. You don't drop the soap on. That's why you're ready. Because you're a TV. You don't have the soap got on. That's a show on the road. I'm on the road, can't know. You don't drop the soap on the road. See, I'll be here for the day I'm dead. Cause that's why you're gonna be there. You're gonna be here for the day I'm dead. Cause that's why you're gonna be there. Just to get you with that. And he's saying word. We'll see those people say that disco sucks in the 70s, sucked all over the crap. They suck because this goes a lot of fun. There was a lot of great music that came out of the era, including our very own equiture, records, the recording studio in Miami, was where a ton of great stuff was recorded, George McCray, right? Oh, and, huh? You're going to make me dig all this stuff up. Gacy in the sunshine band, girl old Harry Gacy in his parrot. Don't forget that time he came to my house in Jackaranda. He said these young guys with them with the bad zits. Maybe he liked it. Maybe he was kind of a zip guy, or maybe he just did his head. All of that stuff was great. Alicia Bridges, right? Right? Excellent. There he go. Clinton speaking of action says, it's time for the interspersed all my agenda here with the BG today and then probably a call or two, probably some angry people. WCWM complaint line, hello. Good morning, Mr. God, Neil. How are you today? Okay. And George, he's pretty damn good too. How you doing? Hey, you're a rocker, baby. Oh, wonderful. Hey, I got a question for you. What's a zazeman? Those were the days. I got a question for you, Neil. Who was the greatest touring rock and roll band of all time? You're sold the most concert tickets. You know what, you're penalty? You're penalty in the wrong place, baby? I'll take it right now. Am I really? I like your fish food. I like Ben and Jerry's. Ben and Jerry. Go see it. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I talked about a hands-bent. Oh, right. That was great. Now, what are you doing there? You're playing the little George McRae in the background? Yeah. That was what I was playing. No. Well, you was like, oh, no, who else you rocked your baby, who's a George? I always get this confused. That's all right. Huge corporations. What do you think of that? Oh, huge corporations. You rocked the boat. You mentioned taste. They were out at the same time. I don't know. Harry and the G.C. I know. All that was great. It was fun music. Oh, we danced into it. People were having a great time. It was a little kind of thing. But then again, what isn't? And it was ours. It was our own. Right. That's right. And it was a soft floor to find. Well, that's quite Casey. That's going to be the choice. Even the BGs are Casey. The rest of the show, huh? I don't think so. And we're not going to do a G.C. They, I'm sure. And after I don't like their music, I get a lot of good stuff. But it was a bit all pretty much sound of the same. If you ask me, it was very good though. Harry, you were really great back in the day. We really respect any lives in high L.E. or did or whatever with his boyfriend and parent, whatever. It's good. OK, that's it. I think we heard that one. That wasn't enough. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. But you ain't got a dime. There's no time for the fool. I just don't get a chance to you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Oh. Come on. Please cut down. I win so long. I can't loose my life. Hmm. Does anyone have faith, means? Ask me a question. You have faith, please. I believe we're going all these great memories back. Is there a kind of change in the out-to-do, either yet with the other people of all round off? Which is fine. They return to town. We give them a pass today. If you're offended by the BBC, music. Bye, bye. We'll see ya. See you around. 22% we're down to. under 22 percent say the BG suck I think will be really accomplishing phenomenal things on his show moving models. The United States made a big mistake when invaded Iraq from a prison built-in said today citing the lack of planning for what would happen after dictator Saddam Hussein was overthrown. Saddam Hussein is a good thing but I don't agree with what was done until students of the American University of Dubai. He was probably seeing in Dubai, maybe he was spoken of Dubai, and he didn't inhale though. It was a big mistake the American government several areas, a lot of which is how easy it would be to give it a sudden how hard it would be to be the United States. Okay, slowly, 2071 dead soldiers now will crash approaching the 2100 total. Is there any number that would make a difference now? I mean, just not to think about how idiotic this is you had a prison who had more and more people now, almost 60 percent of the country believed that he loved the country and this war based on a pack of lies that they destroyed the intelligence they sexed up as the brutes say. And at the we got 2100 dead Americans and thousands and thousands of dead Iraqis in war that was all for nothing that had nothing to do with terrorism or any of the other crap and it was all pre-planned away at the time before 911 which all of those things are true and he's over in Japan now. Maybe he'll get some bad suit you like that he did over there. Remember when daddy was in Japan? No, no, no, no, no. He's in his name. This is Neil Rogers. This is five six and that's what the Japanese is. This is the Neil Rogers show. I was working in the White House late one night when my ears heard something that wasn't right. The journey, Carl Roe and that's good guy revealed the name of a CIA spy brother. It wasn't long, stupid. End of the homster adventure, the German authority was Macedon Alf corps have been seized and They're recorder. Nebula North American forces to be exist. I'm not silly. George Bush is starting to take. That's not the thing. Things are looking pretty pretty. That's not the thing. Cause of the morn's to leave. Lebanon wanted five or six edition. I'd story in China the three, the first three human cases of bird flu. And so the Chinese responses as Britain as they always are on the issues like these, we're going to evacuate all the birds in China. And they estimate there's 14 billion birds. Wow, they're there get busy. So what you do like all you people listen right now if you go into back here and you see like a little birdie or robin red breast or like anything. Just a number of different and just a stick it, you know. Yeah, they're a little shy and I'm not related. Or maybe a big shot. So I'm not related to that baby. And then we don't have to worry about the birds no more. Even tippy-hidden can't believe them Chinese. They got a great sense of humor. 14 billion per billion. That's what the B billion birds. They're going to evacuate each and every one. Right. Robert Sheer, who got candid the LA Times last Friday because he's to the left of Hitler. And he writes, I'm working for change now. The website actually, this is working chip. Is that the name of a website or what is that? Working for change. I don't know. Yes it is.com. Told you. Well, he's also on a Huffington. He's all over the place. He almost sent a Meal's Robert Sheer. He's a great communist. And if we're pretty sad they put the pretty sad they would have got to be working for 30 years. God, sorry to me. The LA Times, one of the best comnists in America, gets canned because he's not fangest. He says the big lie technique. At a time of approximately 57% of Americans pulled believe that President Bush deceived them on the reasons for the war in Iraq. It does seem a bit redundant to deconstruct the President's recent speeches on that subject. He had to fail to do so would be to passively accept the big lie technique, which is how we as a nation end of this horrible mess in the first place. The basic claim of the President's desperate and stride attack on the worst critics of this past week is that he was acting as a consensus president when intelligence information left in no choice but to invade Iraq. As a preventive action to deter a terrorist attack on America, this is flatly wrong. His rationalization for attacking Iraq once it's accepted uncritically by most in Congress and the media easily intimidated by Django was him as now known to be false. The bipartisan 911 commissions elected by Bush concluded unanimously that there was no link between Al-Qad and Saddam Hussein's secular dictatorship, Al-Qadis foreign enemy. And recently the classified 2002 document proves that Bush's evidence for this available to tap administration officials was based on a single-spended witness. Clearly under the offensive, Bush now sounds increasingly in the exony and is he basically calls the majority of the country traders for noticing that he tricked us. Reasonable people can disagree about the combat to the war, but it's irresponsible for Democrats to not claim that we misled them and he merkin people the President said in an air force base in Alaska. Leaders in my administration and members of the US Congress from both political parties looked at the same intelligence on Iraq and reached the same conclusion, Saddam Hussein was a threat. This is a manipulative distortion, St. Hussein was a threat to somebody somewhere in some context. It's not the same as endorsing a preemptive occupation of his country and a fantastically expensive and blatantly risky nation building exercise. And the idea the individual senators and members of Congress had the same access to even a fraction of the raw intelligence as the President of the US is just to lie on its face. It's a simple matter of security, appearances which are not distributed equally. It was enormously telling in fact that the only part of the Senate that did see the unsanathized national intelligence estimate on Iraq. The Republican let Senate and the select intelligence committee shockingly voted in the fall of 2002 against the simple authorization of force demanded by Republican President. Panic the war mockers more mongers in the White House and Pentagon pressure and CIA director George Tenet to rush release to the entire hell a very short summary of the careful NIE which made the same seeming exactly more dangerous than the whole world indicated than the whole report indicated. The defense intelligence agency finally declassified and investigated report within recent days. This smoking undocumented improves the British administration's key evidence for the apocryphal Osama bin Laden's son who was saying the lines said by Bush to involve training in the use of weapons and mass destruction was built upon the testimony of a prison record of the DIA was probably intentionally misleading to debriefers. Yet despite the government having been informed of this by the Pentagon's intelligence agency in February of 2002, Bush told the nation eight months later on the eve of the Senate's vote to authorize the war that we've learned that Iraq history and Al-Qaeda members in bomb making and poisons and gasses. This false al-Qaeda link was the lynchkin to Bush's argument that he couldn't delay the invasion after the wind weapons inspectors completed their investigation in matter of months. Perhaps he feared not that those weapons would fall into the wrong hands, but that they wouldn't be found at all. Boston by international sanctions weapons inspectors US fighter jets patrolling two huge no-fly zones and powerful rifle arrivals on all his borders, who said in 2003 was decidedly not a threat to America. But the Bush White House wanted to war with Iraq and pulled out all the stops references to a mushroom cloud and calling who's in an ally of Al-Qaeda to convince the rest of us with necessary. The White House believed the ends occupying Iraq justified the means exaggerating the threat. We now know those ends approved disastrous. Oblivious to the grim irony, Bush proposes war with that indirect, the central front and new cold war never acknowledging that he's handed Al-Qaeda terrorists to new home base. Iran has access and evil member now has its disciples in power and Iraq. Last week, top of Bush administration officials welcomed Washington in Iraqi deputy prime minister, Al-Qaeda, who previously was denounced for having allegedly passed US secrets to results supporters in terran and was elected to a top post in Iraq by campaigning on anti-U.S. Logan's. Under Bush's watch, we not only suffered the 911 terrorist attacks while he snues, but he failed to capture the perpetrator of those attacks and is given Al-Qaeda a powerful base in Iraq from which to terrorize. And this is the guy who dares tells his critics their weakening arc come. Robert's here, man, he's one of the best. And not enough for the LA Times, no more though. Screw the LA Times, F the LA Times. Times rhymes with slime. Let's see. Fanny, what's that? What's that? I remember Fanny by Florence Henderson with Walter Slaysack. What the hell is Fanny? We tend to with my love here, hear that? Hear that song? Yeah. Oh, that's it. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Yeah, put that on the pole, baby. Fanny, be tender with it. Take these in. This, this, this, this, this, this. Got it? Say, got it. Seems like you've done the wrong thing that you're missing. I've just had an hour and a half to see how much you've been. And it's showing that I've done it. That time. And dying out to the time. Are you telling us, Neil, what is these? We're going to go ourselves. Good. Yeah. Be quick to serve plus population man. Who's a few more students? No, they don't manage the needy. I got it. I'll wait about. Pause. I got a better idea. Let's play all the great old dead's big hits. Name one. Go on. You can do it. I can name something. I can name something. I can do it. I can name something. I can name something. Now, this is really a screen. There's bushes telling me the Chinese that they need to get. I give their people more freedom. This would be like Hitler going to a Moscow telling Stalin that the Russian people need more freedom. They need more freedom. I don't think that these music was gay at all. They were like a very, very heterosexual, all married numerous times. I'll have a lot of offspring. I just mentioned that in passing. Let's see how this poll has come. Somebody must be interested. By the way, don't forget to join QAM. It's going to be one of those great QAM signings. Maybe WQM will sign a card for you. Could we have a QAM like, you know, how like teens have we have the pan- what the Stanley T. Panther for the Panthers and the Leafs have Carlton the Barrier we can. That's got to have. And stupid ass doll famed in any. Why would we have like a QAM thing? We do. That's a movie. What is it? How are David? Come on. That's why he's not on today. Join QAM 111 of the Metro PCS or located at 9900 times full of arts. Stop out of win prices from the House of Wahaaries. Give great deals on new activations. Metro PCS during pepper pines and out of one. By the way, George has been suspended all next week because he stole too much pizza. That's right. My all-time favorite BG song. And look at that George. I mean, Eric put a nice look at that. You didn't have to do that. Eric, I'm sure you've got more important things to eat. I mean, you know what to do. But you put a nice space in there between the B and the G. I all time favorite BG song. The BG sucks 132. That's down to 21.2%. Oh, wouldn't it be something if we got another 20% of the world. I mean, if we got another 20% by the end of the show, would that be a go or what? It would feel like we accomplished nothing. Yeah, we tasted way all the BG's haters. Well, too bad. Too bad. Okay, we can't offer to BG's in your push. And the fact that it does have the local to South Florida hook to it. You know what I mean? This is so significant in our lives. Unless you have some kind of a punk, unless you like 10 years old. If you're 10 year old, how come you're not in the school, you idiot? The BG's stuck 132. Stay in the live 83. It's going to win by a lot. What is this song about? It's going to be a lot of fun. I'm just going to say that. For good and love. In 18 year old, who looks like an average kid dressed in an orange and white jumpsuit, politely answering the judge, yes sir. Oh, that's that. That's the kid, is it? Yeah. Get out in here. That's the kid. This guy? That punk is still in his throat. Stay in live 83. How deep is your love 43? Lonely days 38. Job talking the A. He's ugly. 34. Nice on Broadway's got 33. That should be the winner. My God, is there any doubt? What about Josh? What's your favorite BG song? I have to go with one of the trendy ones. Like Stan O'Live. Whatever. Okay. Boring. How can you make a broken heart 27? More than a woman 26. You should be dancing. Dancing 23. Look at that. I started in the joke 23. 19. 21. 30. George is favorite. Oh, don't even. Well, just because you had to play a lot, who are the BG's 18 idiots out there? 18 people are needs serious help getting out of bed in the morning. I got to get a message that massage to you in 17. To love somebody 16. I was in the stream 11. I bet you're not departing the Kenny Rogers voted on that. But if I can't have you 10, remember you find element? No. Yes, I do. Massages it's 10. Words a New York mining disaster. Emotion five. Heartbreaker four. Although I'm a confess. I cannot tell the lion this. I did like the D.N. work version. Oh, I didn't mind. That's not. It was really very good. That fact it had the, um, I mean, the 80 billion tracks. You know, that was it was good. Too much heaven four. Love so right. Three. One. How are they three? Fanny B. Tender with my love has got one. Immortality one. You went again one and none yet for run to me or world. What? What is world? I didn't play. I did. I don't think so. What is it? Sounds like one five. Hey, I'm a chip. I'm a chip. I'm a chip. By the way, someone. Yeah. I told you we hear this. No, go ahead. Oh, we don't have love you inside and out on there. Why not? I don't know. It's the power. Is it sound on my disc? Maybe it is. No. What do they mean by this anyway? Like I said, I don't like that. What is it? Love you talking about. Love you inside and out. Yeah. What do they mean by that? What's he talking about? I can never understand these sounds. You had to first think about what the lyrics mean. Okay. Just a dance and I say get them down. I take it and grab it and squeeze it. Just don't worry about it. See, now you're starting to get like the BG's never made intellectual music. Okay. It was not like for intellectuals. It wasn't something you had to really think about. It was like Bob Dylan who couldn't sing a liquor even looking. It was, you know, you don't have to think all that much about the lyrics. I don't think twice to solve right. Whatever, you know, rolling in the wind. Yeah. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was a dance. It was music to dance to. Little dance in your pants. We'll try with that. It was black ants in that girl's eye and Indian eye. This is Neil's life. This is Neil's life. This is Neil's life. This is Neil's life. This is Neil's life. Oh, how did it go? I am here. And you are. And I can't say anything more. Except that for me. That's a no small part. And I got a midday show guy. You do. Oh, bokeh. Yeah. I wanted to hell out of it. You met him. I did it. Yes. I don't know who I'd have to go ever with. Let's take some calls and show me. First he just said, but how he has city. Yeah, I'm all. Yeah, what do you know what he is? When are people going to realize this? This is a sports show. And nothing else. Absolutely. Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports. Yeah, by the way, some. They paid me to settle in my event. This here is a show from that. And about men like this, really bad in chunks. You stole the pizza. You stole the pizza. I did not take no pizza. I don't pay ridiculous. You stole the pizza. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't steal the pizza. I didn't steal the pizza. No, I did not steal the pizza. I don't see here. I ain't no bite. I don't. I did not steal the pizza. I didn't steal the pizza. I only had one slice. They're okay. So it was a whole bite. Okay. Those bombs I had no power. I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot to you, no. There was no back up ground. It just won't taste the same without the back up ground. That's grudas. And that man was always said to me. Good night. But kiss my ass. Did you not play this? No. But you have to finish the job. And I did not steal the pizza. I started the joke. I started the phone. Well, crying. Okay. I'm at no. It's 20 past 11. We're a little beachy intensity. We apologize for not. I like it. Here's a facts from Martin and Fort Myers. I thought it was a good guy. I would love to sense. But Martin, you need some help. Too much time on a West Coast man. They'll write your brain. Turn it to yellow. No. It's a bad thing. I'm not a hen. I'm a genie. They're not good. I'm not good. I'm not a hen. I don't get angry. I don't think he says people should always do the common sense before using any product or following anyone. On the other hand, Martin says he tells himself good stuff to people they didn't know before. About a tough line. Anti-victoryl. So chemicals in our food sugar steroids in meat and in ballots. And our milk. Corrine and our water in much more. Not everyone knows these facts. You won't hear about them on TV. There's no wonder what people and people buy his book after seeing what dirty business do, and I'll be happy to get a cover for them. It's a fact they care more about my than anything else. There's nothing wrong with eating natural food, living healthy as you recommend, even though this should be common hours available for free. If you're sure was available nationwide, he wouldn't succeed because people would know all these things from you. See, sucky, sucky, licky, licky, Martin doesn't do any good because you're talking crap. I don't really care if he sells snake roll and people are buying it more than says I couldn't care less if he sells orangutang, smith, and somebody buys it. People are buying cigarettes, other poisons and there's not that much fuss about it. I wouldn't buy either one, but that's me, says Martin. For my view, at least he's not killing anybody with his products and drug companies do. Just like guy trying to make a dissonant, a living. That put the dissonant is in there. There are many more cruxment to be prosecuted before Kevin, like our corrupted government lobbyists and corporate leaders, good luck says Martin. They aren't your followers, they're okay, or rangatang and dropping. This is a guy who takes a few curls of truth and puts them on there and then just lies lately that curl calcium muscle was a total fraud. Every product, every book, everything he's ever been invented with was a total fraud, and they take people's credit card numbers and uses them to buy his own cars and trash keys and things. He's a clerk, plain and simple, and you're trying to grow up, you know what to be like? You have to put a newsletter, how not to lose it this loss, guaranteed. I guarantee it, or your money back. I'm listening to me. I have five bucks. I will send you an envelope and a plain white envelope. I'll send you two words that'll guarantee that you'll never lose a diamond this loss. And you what the two words are? Don't play. Don't go. Okay. That's it. It's true. You can't sue me for a five bucks a piece. I can tell you that. So it takes a little bit of common sense of and puts it in there. The whole book, this book that he saw millions of copies of, which is really criminal, based on the premise that he's got the curses for every disease, cancer, asthma. Every disease ever been invented. And there are no curses for anything in his book. I bought the book. Okay. I was a schmuck. I spent 30 bucks. I bought the book. Just to see if it was his big apolograph as I was pretty sure it was. And it was. And here's Martin O'Rener and Fort Myers defending Kevin Trudeau. This man ought to be in prison. Maybe you could make him some cookies and bring him in here. So maybe you could make him a cake and stuff a little, something in there for them. A little arsenic or just a razor blade. Here's the autopsy on Morris give. Oh, are we going to do that? Oh, yeah. Here he's a journalist favorite. This is the breadweed story. And you know, look at the fact. Great song. What do you think about it? It's a good song. Right. Okay, now speaking of Morris. official closet debt this is January 17, 2003. Boy, time sure flies when people are dying. You know, it got seemed like just the other day that I came on here. We got that bulletin that I said Maurice give them. That's not Maurice's morise. What are you going to read your feet, you man? It's wrong with you. And official closet debt was issued for late Morris give. He died of something called a skimic enteropathy. Gives autopsy report was released in the release January 60. He revealed that give that of complications resulting from a twist in his bowel and small intestine. The doctor's believed that the twists were restricted to the floor blood in his body, resulting in stomach pains, it caused him to be rushed to the hospital, and the cardiac arrest that he suffered while on the operating table, my doctor's attempted to do un-twist his stomach. Yet died on Sunday January 12, 2013, after the operation, 30 is after they butcher them up real good. A doctor told the AP that gives stomach twisting was caused by a defect that the single was likely born with. Such disorders are not for result in any symptoms till the patient is middle aged, but it's uncommon for the results to be as catastrophic as they were in Gibbs case, but then again most people were twisted bald on white up and Mount Sinai. The autopsy did not indicate if Gibbs debt could have been prevented by doctors, Gibbs too grudges rather than very a publicly questioned that ox is assigned to continue operating on Morris after his party after rest in our report, and they considered legal life, which they did file out and what came out of it. Morris was laid to rest in Miami to private ceremony Wednesday, January 15, 2013, and he's still dead. Damn it. They abortion him up pretty good. Then there you go again. See if we just would have read Kevin Tudos book. That's how we robbed unity to the supply of goods come. Bang. Oh, protect yourself against burps, Lou. Don't smoke. See that? No, what? How? And stay away from the birds. Don't smoke. What? Faggot's. I'm safe. Here's a guy. I want to pair a phrase aligned, used by our close personal bald headed chicken extranned book of Brian. Your vice president, he's the man who put the con in the O'Con. It's kind of cute. Kind of like putting the fun and fundamentalist. Or write you think they call it goober in the toilet. He did just so many of those. And then what was the one the KC KJ came up with KC and KJ? The tampon line? The tampon line about only have one string and they always, what was it? Only good for one period. Only good for one period and they only have a second string. No, no, second string. Very good. Nice. Go on KJ. Just quit using your daughter as a prop. Vice president did Cheney was sickled by protests. He's yesterday's he spoke at the grant breaking for public policy center honoring former senator leader Howard Baker during Cheney's reformar. So about a half dozen people protesting the war in her backyard. War. What is it good for? Kind of like Ella Edwin Star, I guess. And held up a large banner saying, peace now. I could play Edwin Star, but I'm not going to. Cheney continues to be condemned. And now is the protestors who were escorted from the ceremony inside the University of Tennessee's basketball. We are, this is in Knoxville, Tennessee, in Knoxville. Oh, about 50%. Okay. He's dead by the time. About 50 protests is most of them appearing to be college edged. Demonstrate that side. We were in a civil signs. They were carrying include a one-on-one red honor Baker in Peach Cheney to which we say. Cheney said that Baker, where public and with president Reagan see for staff and ambassador to Japan is brought to rent his quentant to the University of Tennessee in the nation. It's good to know that far in the future people come to this place and learn of Howard's career and is deeplyfully nobility of public service. And he said about 400 people attended, which coincided with the Baker's A.V. Thursday, Yadiya. Baker still remembered from posting a key question during the 1973 Watergate hearings that rocked the Nixon White House, what did the president know and when did he know it? In fact, we could use a man like that right now. Can we? Yeah, we could several as a matter of fact. Yes, we could use a man like Howard Baker right now. Maybe Howard Dean or maybe Howard, or Dortito. Yeah, I'm not that one. He's not on today, by the way, we've heard us in two, so the coast is clear. We do an IVG poll. I think we got almost 700 votes. It's only 1130. But this is really, this is somehow how do you do it? 692 votes on my, I just changed again. 692. That's what I got. Great computers work alike. If I could just to get back to the top of this, your all time favorite VG song is the VG suck. I'm going to 30 and I, but that's 20% all just a tenth of a pot to get under 20% I was squeezed both knees can't. Needs can't. When you, well, my own. Wow, 139. Stay in line 92. That was Josh's. Well, that's probably the only one Josh knows the title of. Well, titles. Yeah, I mean, I've heard. How deep is you, though, 49? My song Broadway. What is that? Is that top-livered? I sound Broadway. What's wrong with that? I'm not trying to, you know, influence your vote. What is wrong with my song Broadway? That's not it. That's, guys, it's great. Got that. Any doody man? What's that? It's pretty good. What are you battling about? Nothing. How do I? How deep is your love 49? I'm not saying Broadway. This moving up, though, 44. I'm pleased to see that. L'Oli Day is 40. I haven't played that, have I? No, no, no, no. L'Oli Day is in, huh? No, you're not. Oh, no. Okay, this starts out real well. You hear that? I hear it. 40 for lonely days. I almost voted for this. Josh talking to 34. More than a woman 29. How can you 0- lang<|en|> belum ...consider of the overthrown land Okay, now 41 for the whole new days. Job talking 34 more than a win 29. How can you amend your broken part 29? I started at joke 25. You should be dancing 24. Frangity 23. Ninth people 22. Who are the BG these 20? 20 punks, 20 misfits, 20 rejects from the human race. Gotta get a message to you 19. To love somebody 19. Massachusetts 14. Islands in the stream 12. I haven't played that ever. I will. It's a little bit. I want to get you a song. If I can't have you 11 words nine, linethel, you shouldn't have that SUI IS going to rap. Ten inches, two. Five, 4. Four, 3. Twom the b Burgstery. Twom is it stupid you should live up front. Eighty or four, and so on 3. That antitalies, So did he band in day counting public schools? That's what Channel 4 is worried about. CBS 4 would a picture of a Brian Nura star crossed. And these other people under which I have no idea who any of more. Yeah, that's a one thing. Every time I come back to town, you turn on local channels. And it's like a separate right for a lot of Dale and a cross-eyed Christy Kruger on Channel 10 and done everybody's different. Even Bob Schoper, they stuck in a retirement, right? He's done. Yeah. Bob Weber of course, long since they put Bob on mock balls. Although I think a little Bob mayors still on early in the morning sitting on for on a high chair and four telephone books on the yellow pages of course. But for I tend to be sure of a big term. But kind of like they queue themselves department. Students in day public schools might want to get used to drinking water, juice or milk on campus. See, this is what really makes me so angry. Juice, juice my ass. I'll go get the hose. Yeah, go get the, go get the, yeah, go get the juicy man with that big juicer. He's got to go get the jackal lane. He's got a good one. And a juicer too. Juice is like injecting pure sugar. Okay. How about some diet soda would be fine. And this crap about people that say, oh, I don't like diet soda. They just say it doesn't taste the same. It doesn't taste like sickening sweet sugar. Right. It's all in their head anyway. And once you do once you've been drinking it for a while, you can't go back to drinking sugar loaded. So it is because it makes you want to puke your guts out. It's too sweet. It took me like two days of diet soda before I could not go back to the eight. Right. So I used to tell Freaky Carlos there at their front desk. It's okay to be a little bit sweet, but too sweet. Wow. I learned nobody ever would confuse that thing with being sweet. You're talking about the old sweet. But I haven't been at sweet in a sour. We know which part he was. Anyway, the soda van. Let's see. Today the day school board is considering a van as soda sales on campus as part of a new nutrition policy. Oh yeah. Feed them all that damn fruit juice man. Oh, God. Sender, blood sugar is skyrocketing. The soda van which filled in February is an especially affljuice. Anybody that's out there drinking affljuice, you need mental help. The soda van, although I do like a good afflice, especially cold from the refrigerator. Yeah, apple. They're good. The juice is sickly. You're in it's a line from Faso. Remember that these apples I like cold? That's right. Remember? Yeah. The soda van was filled in February is not part of a more comprehensive health package. It would expand physical education. We evaluate health classes and limit portions on sweets and snacks sold at school. The portion rules were essentially van king sized bags of chips, oversized cookies and other jumbo snacks. The cookie monsters pretty pioed about this. Look at that. They took a poll on CNN USA and Galapaz. US tortured prisoners 74% yes, 20% no. Should the US tortured suspect in terrorists 38% yes, 56% said no. Another black eye on this. Abu Ghara. 20. Those many acts. Those people that vote yes. Yes, they should be tortured. We're going to work on that. In fact, we're going to play tragedy all day long, just not over the other. That would be torture. Now, if we're proof the policy would allow only water or unsweetened fruit juice as if it makes a difference. Look and electrolite replacement drinks like gatorade to be sold in campitiers and vending machines. Gatorade. I would be surprised if it's any freeze. One concern that the relative man of February is the money collected by teams and clubs under lucrative submachine contracts. Cruised for postal promises to be inversely grouped for estimate of $3 million dollars was possibly a negotiate newest, lucidity contracts. The LA district recently signed a $26 million contract with Pepsi to stock Gatorade, juice and water. What's the big difference with gatorade? It's like crap. With all do we respect, and we haven't had the chance to invest in Maver, we're anyway. Gatorade tastes like crap. You ever try Gatorade? Yeah, I'm a bivalent about it. No, I'm more than an bivalent. They got the green and orange. Yeah, I don't buy it. We were little having for all of one out of business. What was that stalling at my design? What did I, I can't remember? No, it was okay. But I had that same kind of like stalling. It's all teased. Yeah, bad. Okay. But it is nice and fluorescent. It'll be like Christmas, Saman, with crazy gluing just smeared all of your body right. There's no impressionality. If this is Neil Rogers, rock solid, is 516, please. Sing program. I urge everyone to complain to the station. Tonight on the scufferie hell, a clothing look at sports radio phenomenon, Gelli Goldstein. How do you explain the nickname of Gelli? It's your ex-geld. Oh, you mean? I see. Yeah, I'm not job. She rarely put a Gelli's delicate operation. Don't cut down! Don't cut down! Don't cut down! Don't cut down! Don't cut down! How is it possible for someone who sounds like you can actually find work as a radio announcer? And because he's not the police when he comes to sports, I know what you do. On the field? No, I'm the best. I mean, you've got to admit your voice. I think I got a nice voice. I'm going to run. Voices that don't belong on the radio. Part of a week long series, beginning tonight, only on the dystopian channel. I sound pretty and busy and busy. The Bluetooth. 147, 137, keep the new EQM. Curtis for the mobile mobile mice to read too. We got Eddie K for the maddog at four. What do we answer that happening again? And then at hurricane stuff and lending martensite tonight. It'll be a real hooth. We got over seven of our hosts already. In fact, they were going to have like a phenomenal turnout today for the beaches. And 19.5% said the B.D. suffered about 120%. I never dreamed that could happen. Would this highly negative crowds? Well, we, you know, what we finally got the songs on there. They like. Maybe that's right. Is that what it is? In life James Dohan, is that how he says name Dohan? Who was the star track engineer? Oh, work miracle, is that an enterprise? Dohan. How you doing? What's Dohan? But a rocket meant to blast his remains in the space has engine trouble. Oh, boy. A Falcon one rocket was to lift the ashes of Dohan, who planned to engineer my grandmother, Scotty Scott, about the fictional starship enterprise into space next month, but the launch has been delayed at least until February. They had an engine tested in life, so they'll do another month of testing. Charles, chiefer of space services and corporate delay of P. Charles, chiefer. Unlike Scotty, who told Captain James T. Kirk and his Scottish accent, she'll launch on time and she'll be a ready. The US Department of Defense engineers involved with the rocket mission needed more time to sort out engine problems, too, for said, the explorers flight launch in California was to follow the launch of an identical rocket this month in the Marshall Islands. I never heard of the Marshall Islands of you. Of course. I never heard of them. Big World War II, is that named it through Peter Marshall? I'm sure. Concerns about an engine on the rocket and modules for God in the Marshall Islands prompted the additional testing throwing off the schedule for the originally planned California launch in December. We want to fly, Capers, and this will give the opportunity to accept some initial participants for the ride. The explorers flight was already built by space services and they'd largest ever more more real space flight. With 168 participants who make countries abroad, doing O'Dine July 15 to 85 and NASA's launch has been launched in the frontier, following the final that Canadianborn, who can aid in born, my boy, any? I do and play an engineer Montgomery Scott, the original Star Trek TV series that started in 66 and spotted decades on cult following the show. People would absolutely know. I have no right. My 19 point 4% hate to be Jesus, but we're really doing it. And of course, that's because you've chased them all away in the old. You're going to be really sorry, something. They'll be back and they didn't go anywhere. You're right. They're loving it. Sorry, I talked to you into this. They like every one of these songs. You're a duck talking to anyone. They duck. You're fair. Not. I can think of a younger day when living for my life was everything and that's so wanted to do. I could never see you far more. But I would never so, but I would never so. I would never so. I would never, but I would never so. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain. I would never stop the rain from falling from the rain.