Okay, that's rap shit from the York. Now we go north of the border. So I just thought that we had a near disaster yesterday at the same time. What happened? Your little wadling pudgy partner in crime, they tells me that they've potted us up. And we didn't know we were on the area today. I'm sitting here going, I'm sitting here going, I'm like, I do that a lot these days. Yeah. And he's talking to me and our guys hadn't potted him up. So we took it. Exactly. So he just bailed up. And we thought he bailed up two minutes early. He thought I was ignoring him. Which I would have, if I had known he was talking to me. But luckily nothing bad got on the air. Because I could have been sitting here doing much worse than. Do you do it like that? I do that all day. Do it to the do it. Do you? Don't you? Yeah, I'm up here in New York. Is that about to be a grandfather? Yeah. Well, I hear you're doing a brist business. Well, I've got something free. You know what? I'm going to save this until the first Saturday and May for mutual friend of ours. I'm going to play this. Don't tip him off on it. I'm going to surprise him with this. I'm on that. Do you want to ring someone? Who's going to answer? He's on the way. I don't let him. How do you like that? Wow. How are you doing boxing? He was great on boxing. Yeah. In fact, a lot of people say he made my hammer. I'll leave what he was. A lot of people say the other way around is that my hammer made him. I think it was mutual. Yeah. No, they were on ABC. Yeah. Who's your buddy Larry King that was on. Neutral? That's quite a story about Ed Little and Larry King. Would the albums? No, no. I've been about to fact that Ed Little was obsessed with Larry King and he's the one that got him on mutual. Oh, yeah. He was a president of mutual. The only reason that he made it to mutual. And then he's not overnight show failed so badly. They tried putting him on the daytime because it could make any money on the overnight show. Yeah. And they put him on the daytime. And most of the affiliates wouldn't carry because they had local programming. And of course he wanted to somehow get an egg egg on CNN. And here we are all these years later and he's like, look where he is. Look where we are, you know? After we're doing bad, but he's in the stratosphere. He is in the strat. That's exactly correct, man. He's got more money than God. Not that he's paying back all those old deaths because most of those people died that he owed the money to. You know, when you say Ed Little and Larry King, I keep thinking about, you know, that story, I think we've talked about this when they were missing a bunch of albums. And the days when you used to play albums right and Little went to Larry's house at seven o'clock in the morning and banged on the door and stormed in and went to the closet and found all the albums that were missing. Right. He was just borrowing him. He wanted to listen to him and home. He was a big music lover. I must have been it. Yeah. But next time you go to Gulfstream, ask him, ask for a look in that drawer where they have all of his bad checks. The Larry King drawer. Except more than one person told me about that. I thought that was at high alia. Or I could have been. But probably all vanished along with those palm trees from my Andrew. Remember that? Yes. Pull all those big little palms right out of that. That's a theory. Now you look good. Well, at the end there, you looked over the wall and the back there and you saw the railroad tracks and downtown alia. Yeah. The palm tree used to shield you from all of that. That's why nobody was going there. That's one of the reasons nobody was going anymore. And that's why it's not up and out in the business. Yeah. It's become such a toilet. Wow. It's terrible. Wait, let that place go. Yeah. And then you go to get a hot dog and they had those mysterious green weenies and I'm not talking about the ones that Bob Prince would have been talking in Pittsburgh. It was just a grotesque filthy nasty. So next time you see John Bernetti Tom, thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks for the question. And also ask him about Gary Cohn. Okay. We'll do that. Oh, you know, you need to talk to a Phil Saltzman about that. Next time you see Phil. Yeah. See Phil that much anymore. He's not the answer anymore. Caller. He's he played poker all the time. He plays poker. That's what he's doing. What is that? Why I just heard your spot for poker. And this gambling stuff has got to stop man. All this gambling. We're like a bunch of degenerate theory. You guys are out of control. I am a champion of gambling. Oh, I guess we're out of the tomorrow morning. We were early in the morning at the slots. Yeah. That would bind. Yes. I will be a calm month for the next two days. Well, there you go. Let's not be working. Let's see. Yeah. I don't like to do a lot of betting when I'm doing a telecast. Yeah. Because it's a strategy, isn't it? Yeah. Well, you know, that's like race callers. You know, how do you like to be a racer now? So you're being the kind of gambler that you are anyway. And that's real. Right. Yeah. But. But. Like Dave Johnson, for example, Dave was, you know, our friend and he's a great race core. And I don't think Dave gamble when he was doing those races up for television. Yeah. But Dave is a great. You say a televerse, but what about he's still those races? He's the third race in the middle lands. Yeah, but I don't, I don't know if he bets or not. Get out of here. Come on. But Dave is got a, is a very good handicap. Is he? Yeah. You never know why our Derby picks. Yeah. Well, the, you know, people have a tough time picking the Derby. Yeah. But they can still be good handicapers. And he's very good. In fact, we went to, I was at Askot with him three or four years ago. And he, he, he was very good over there. You know, the Jackie Leastory from Freehold, don't you? Or was it from Roosevelt? I don't remember whether it was Freehold or Roosevelt. You know, that story? No. He's calling the race in Erbe Filion, one of the all-time great and went to jail drivers in the harness racing business. Oh, was good buddies with Jackie Leand, a game of tip on a race. And after the race, he blew the race to make a long story short. And Jack evidently made a big bet on a race. And after the race is over as they crossed the line, Jack thought he had turned his mic off. And I don't recall exactly what he said. We heard that, you know, you have been, and the whole crowd there heard it. You know, and that was the end of his race calling career. Well, I remember when Jimmy the Greek was on CBS doing horse racing and they were doing race for the Haskell. And Jimmy's mic was left open during the race. The run of the race. And as they turned for home, you could hear Jimmy underneath the race call going, come on, I'm trying to agree. Oh boy, so while we had a new experience like that yesterday, thanks to your Wagner, thanks to all of our people, but nevertheless, we survived. I'll all I got here was, like that. Yeah, like that and also like, do do do. See we got to make up for the fact that we won't hear that today because we got guilty on it. Especially with the, the, the panters season starting in a few days on Wednesday. Yeah, the way Kelly could be hockey intensive. I'll tell you what's, uh, I'm in New York as you know, and all they're talking about here is the Yankee Red Sox series this weekend. Yeah. And it's, you know, something, it was very predictable that it would come down to the last weekend of the season between those two teams. Mm-hmm. It's going to be fun to watch. Well, they can send some, in fact, the Red Sox had a comeback yesterday. I told Josh Curtis a couple of weeks ago. I said, with the way the schedule is the blue days could be the spoilers at the end of the season. He said, ah, I want you to talk in about there. Yeah. And come to find out they, uh, they had a lot to do with it. Yeah, they, they, they, they in John Henry have something in common. And what's that? They both own a Red Sox. Oh, good. Good line. I'll tell you, I thought you were going to say the sign is sure of the gambling industry. No, that's what actually, uh, I, that will be the time to somebody who told me that that's what Wayne and the jet-sadden common. They both own a dollful. I see. Well, anyway, on that note, yes, say give a big hello to any testy birdie for us. I would do that. And I wish him a happy 75th birthday for us. Have a great weekend. Now, let's see. Monday you're in Charlotte. I think then he's old enough to work at our station. No, not yet. And he's not Jewish. Monday you're in Charlotte. Yes. And then Tuesday you'll be back. Well, if I do this, Russia is sure enough. Yeah. So I see Joseph Gackies on Tuesday. Yeah, he's not Jewish. Well, what's that all about? I'm working Tuesday and Mo is a pencil in here for Tuesday. What's that all about? I'm trapped. And it happens working Tuesday. Cause that's how you're saying that. I have to come back from Charlotte. Yeah. We're traveling. Well, okay. I've got to have a good time. I got to show you how problem. No problem. That's what it's all about. See you Wednesday. Okay. You have to move again. You too. It's Friday. You first. I'm dying over here. Goodbye. Maxwell. When you believe that, Don Adams is still alive. And woman. And bench pressing two bottles of his favorite skin. No, Max. You believe he's in robust health. You've been so good to see. Oh, about Inspector Paterson. Very too well. I think I've got a 99. It's the old dead public who had a hit series with a bad everything. And a pasted trick. Well, I'm pretty so proud. And I hope you're sleeping well with my final award. I'm so proud of you. Stuck out of options. This is jazz. We don't want to hear it. All the writers that read your email fan for jazz to take over the White House bill. Never work too much, Mad. We already have pushing them. You've got your day. Oh, sorry about that. Speaking of the compulsive gamblers, you see this bill benefit is highest former education right wing for our business secretary. You know, a boarding every black black baby would certainly reduce the crime rate. Even though that would re-refer handsable and morally wrong. And of course, he's the, the ractor is asked now. This is the same jackass that wrote the book of virtues. And then we found out he's a compulsive gambler and punch in his guts out and Vegas. Go, Ben, another. Let me just tell you right now. Right wing equals hypocrite. All of them. Every each and every one. But forget evil. Well, that goes with the territory. Okay. We're already getting a fast. See, we don't have a lot on the podium. I didn't put on their tour because it's a building pool today. Use your own imagination. Yeah, I agree with how with Michael Douglas. Although he thinks he's a real sex pot. That's a thing that really found amazing. Just astonishing to me. And the fact that a few other people about six or seven bought in the end. Don't you find it ridiculous? Yeah, look at me. I mean, the idea of Michael Douglas being a sex pot. He's about as sexy as a toad as a boofo toad. Okay, the poorly yesterday. We had a lot of of 19 evidence to both. If somebody told me 20 years ago that, fill in the blank, I never would have believed it. That the government would be stolen by new Nazis. The gas would be three bucks a gallon plus 188. The George W. Bush would be president for two terms 164. That water would be signed for like a buck above a little bottle through 136. The terminated would be Governor Calafonia hundred. That radio music would suck this bad 92. That freedom of speech would be dead and it is 76. That I'd be stuck in South Florida 76. That was George's vote. He can't believe it. It looks around says I'm still here. Dang it. We don't have cell phone 73. We have the internet 66 that Neo Rogers would still be on the radio that old Coot 52. That the president would get in peach for getting a hammer 46. I didn't know he owned one. The Soviet Union would crumble 45. The property value in South Florida would be so high 40. That Fidel was still be in power 39. Although his good friend, Ilianito, off his he's good blood. 60 minutes this weekend will really frost all you old green two two kilos and probably some of the younger ones too. The Marlins would have two world series as a championship 38. The Rick Sanchez would still be on TV 37. That old Joe would be a double murder or 35. That would be 7128. That I'd still be alive 23. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. I just loved the way he said that. Don't you? Yep. He was good. If he was. That was his name? I don't know. I'll let you look it up. No. I don't mean the actor. I'm talking about the solzzo. Right. The media would get what was on spike last night. Godfather 2 again. They just over and over and over that. I didn't watch it. Actually they ran the marathon. Was that what it is? All of them. Wow. I think that's the first time. I finally I guess saturated. First time I saw any of the godfather stuff on TV and I just I just moved on. I was hoping for a rerun of flowers in the attic. The media would cave in 22 and as your head that his Spanish would outnumber Blacks 20. Well, if Bill Bennett has his way if we aboard all the black babies and Bill Bennett we can make sure that happens. What a jackass. Well, that would be morally reprehensible and it would be pretty. But TV. Yeah, that'll inch his ass. His big Puggie ass. Florida would have a hockey team 18. Two no less. One real one and one. Well, a path is going to be good this year. You marked my words. Mark it down. That's the dolphins would suck so bad 12. That poker would be so popular 11. People would be in fact. Wait with reality TV 7 that the Berlin Wall would come down 6. Florida would get slopp machine five. Don't jump. Don't count your slots before they hatch. That most talk radio would be right wing five. The people would still be glorifying Elvis five. And there'd be movies on DVDs. That's a good story. Actually, thanks for the centa. And I see Sean is back to sending his polls. And what you are the people. Thanks. Then we don't have to go back and resurrect those old ones again. Although they've they've been okay too. See what I'm saying? What he says? We need the pulmonary. I mean, we did all the polls. We can get. You've always said. We've got 84 votes on this one because we don't have enough pairings on there yet. But we will. Once we get started here, there's no stopping it. 10 13 and 5 16 WQM. We got some bad news for it today. No mode today to a flat. He's up in New York for the babies bris. I mean, this guy is just wow. He's up for the bris. And then we got Kelbee on and stay up in case of them. Which is not going to say it's fun. We got hockey season starting. Little kill the audience. Mad Dog at Hooters to Ralph 4 to 7. The Marlins on deck at 7. The New York braves in the Marlins. Well, any K. Tenter do you not wrap to the ball game? Now I know why it said the attendance for that Marlins. Nothing went over the braves was 57,000. That was in Atlanta, right? Was that they're a biggest attendance? It would have to be in the. It sure is how wasn't that the P.P. Park. I'll guarantee that N.A. Marlins didn't play less night. So the Marlins did not lose last night. That's how I did. All I'll be waiting to look him up. What? Ten 14 at 5, 5, 60 WQM? No. It was a baby boy from top star Britain's fear. She delivered a bouncing baby boy by sea section with better line by her side. Brittany. It's pretty tough given birds on. Pretty well. You know the following footage of the bird that's kind of graphic. A lot of your fans are kind of young. I can't help but in the past, I'm just going to see what I'm saying. Okay, you've been warned. Use the footage. Oh my god. Oh no. What are they doing? We're doing a sea section. Oh my god. Okay. That's how you all care sleep. We're going to espact as we can. Okay. Oh boy. Oh my god. How are you? Oh my god. Oh my god. It kind of looks like my god. Yeah. Okay. Speaking of that, here's our poll today. Thanks for every centrist. Who did centrist cent? Somebody. Some person. Actually cent two. The other one I don't know if we're going to do the scariest celebrity luck child. The one we're doing today is celebrity luck child you'd most like to see. Not celebrity luck child you'd most like to see being made. See that's a different story. It is. Oh, you're actually talking about like, yeah, the child. That's you. Right. That's a different. That takes it to a different level. On a course, much more desirable. But nevertheless, we don't want to get juiced. Anyway, who's celebrity luck child? Were you most like to see that's the poll question. We just got a few on there because we're waiting for you people for you. Use people. We got 99 votes. Scarlett Johansson and Tom Brady leading with 26. Natalie, four men and Johnny Depp right on their ass with 24. And according to Julian and we can go to his 20. That's never going to happen. Holly, very in Chimarr more. That's Malcolm from my young in a morning is what he is. 16 and Britney Spears in Brad Pitt 13. That's what we got so far. And also somebody facts him. Pierce Brosnan and Katherine Z. Jones. Okay. And at the end of this facts, it says to hell with Michael Douglas. Blah, is what it says. And I agree with that. I mean, he's okay. And some of these he was okay. And he's never seen nerdy guy. And he thinks of himself as a sex pie. He plays really. He's almost like Kevin. What's his name? What's his name? Spacey. No, not Kevin. The real boring guy from who? Costner. Kevin Costner, right? Good. But that's how boring he is. Yeah. That's why he was good in fatal traction because he just was so mealy, mouth and weak and lame. And you know what I'm saying? He's got jowls. He's got those old man jowls. I'm not saying whatever he's got. He's just like a weak sister. You know, he's just not a forceful guy. He's not like a weak, weak. And anyway, so we got 100 votes on that. And that's so we got so far. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. The I thought we'd add like a whole bunch of me here in the beginning of the show. And then I can get out of my important stuff like the very jackass column. That's how he knew these stuff. And by the way, I see that Joel Feinberg would do anything to hurt us at WQAM, including maybe even hiring Sid Rosenberg from the fan. Please, please hire Sid. This is the kid. Please. The only line Reagan is line nine. QAM, hello. I got one for the poll. Yes, sir. The need to do a polaroa and sand department hurt. Yeah, you got one for the poll, all right. Holy moly, get that man some help, okay? Look at those polaroa. I just about lost my bacon. I just about peaked it up. Oh, that was good. WQAM, that's a good match though. QAM, hello. In the board with us. Mr. I just want to call on. I don't really have anything to talk to. I'm sorry, but I'll tell you what I'm doing. I'll tell you what I'm doing. Sweet. Ha ha ha. How many can we have? I thought this was going to be good poll today. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil? I wanted to bring your attention to programs on the air right now. One of them I'm sure George is seeing weeps. Yes. What do you think? It's weak. You think? This is weeps as weeps. Yeah. I was good. I've been watching it. Weeps. There's nothing worse than weak weeps, man. It's like they're head ups alike, but it's just what's weak. It's thin. And I, you know, you've had to tell me what you think of paradise. Carrow, beef, beef, beef. Everybody just shoot her. Who? Carrow, Reed. She has a show. Yeah. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're going to have no desire. When he's on it, we can have. I don't want to say crap. 560, 5050. You mean, people have got to run a genet. That's fine with me. No problem. What else is the guilty warm-up show? I thought this would be a good poll, but they just, they don't get it. I don't know. Although, I think that guy really had the best one there. Benicio, Delta, or what? Yeah. How? WDQAM? Hello? QAM? Right now. Yes, sir? I noticed goes back the last week, but I wanted to say I see no movie guarded statement. It's been socked. Yeah. I don't want you. Why are you wasting your time? Why did you do that? No, I've seen it before you talked about that. Oh, boy. And somebody showed it to me, man. Oh, my God. Four stars, the, uh, so-called critics give them movie four stars. I wouldn't give it a half a star. Yeah. I totally agree with you. And have a nice day, Neil. I'm back to you. And maybe somebody actually saw flowers in the attic who would like to give us a fourth night emotion. Not that anybody would watch you, but I'm just working with some of these movies. Come on, cable a lot. And if you're bored of tears, which are softwares, very easy to do. Don't waste your time. It'd be spending much more productive time just, like doing a nasal octomy. You know, and we're in other words, picking your nose. Steering at the wall. Anything? Anything. WQAM? Hello? Neil, I don't want for the full. Yes, sir? When is it? I don't live. What's good? Okay, babe. How you doing, man? But you got it. Okay, nothing. Fine. So like I said, I'm just going to go to my pile here because I thought we'd have, like, the only way to have a lot of votes on a pool is go to a whole bunch of choices up on air effect. I might just, uh, get rid of the pool all together. I thought I was, didn't you think it was good? I thought it was just fine. A lot of combinations. You can't think of it anymore. Any imagination out there, but they just have no imagination. It's like, oh, gee, what are we supposed to answer to that? Uh, I don't know. I think part of the promise it requires, uh, thinking of some hot chick and a good looking guy. Oh, we, uh, we don't know if we were looking guy. No, they can't handle that because it, you know, it's written there. And I, you know, something, I'm worn out with that. I'm tired of it. I'm really just sick and nausea. I mean, at least Josh Cortison missed the Tom Brady's a hot guy. I, I respect that. He was talking about it all the air just the morning. There you go. I mean, what, what, I mean, I don't understand an old fact like me, all of my life. All of my life and they don't come no fact, you're the me. I see a hot looking chick. I, I know. I can recognize one right away. I say, man, look at that. She's a knockout. I see people like that all, especially here. Beautiful, beautiful women. Yeah, totally believable. Look at him. Huh? Take the picture. Send it down. No, I'm serious. It's, uh, I put it in this before. It's like if you put a nice juicy steak. A nice rib eye steak on a plate. And it's sizzling like from Ruth Chris. You look at it and say, man, what a nice piece of meat. You don't say anything. See what this is going on? No. Or if you took a big, one of those floating turns from the water in New Orleans there and put on a place. Ah, you know, we running, you can see it. It doesn't, it's not rocket science. But these guys are so, oh, gee, I don't know. I don't know any good looking guy. Bullcraft. Well, can't tire that. It's so sad. All these American men who are so uptight about their own, uh, sexual, uh, sexual, uh, properties, you know, all these closet queens out there. So, WQ, man, hello. Q, A, M. WQ, A, M, hello. Yeah, as a meal. Yes, sir. Hey, I got one piece of liberty, uh, you slurped it, Paul man. Yes? Uh, yeah. Jim neighbors in Ron, Johnson. No, oh, cute. WQ, A, M, hello. Hey, what's the fall about? It's about idiots who call and don't know what that was a buzzer about. WQ, A, M, hello. Me, no. Yes, sir. You're just a bit scared, but, uh, about further look, child, Paul. Yeah. Here's in most. Yeah, my name is, said in the movie, a beautiful child. You don't go to the bris. WQ, A, M, hello. Uncle, Niel. Yes, sir. George, George, George, and Condu, Lee's the right. I love that, yeah. WQ, A, M, hello. Niel, I love. Good. I got one for you about, uh, Condu, Lee's at the bush, my spirit. No, huh? Sounds like we're in echo in here, then, it, wow. WQ, A, M, hello. Good morning, Mr. Thur. What is this? I'm a hundred percent straight guy in Tom Brady, as a handsome working man, everybody. Well, there you go. I mean, is there any doubt about him? So he's a good looking guy. It doesn't, uh, you know, I have to get nervous about it. And I got to give it to him. But Michael Douglas wants to know his week. Did you see the movie falling down? Yeah. The frustrated man is on a rampage on that movie. Well, it's about time. He got some of his, uh, pent up energy out. You know, he's just weak to me. This seems so, I don't know, in effectual. Right. I'm sorry. I tuned in, wait. What is the pulpit action? Who's celebrity love child? Would you most like to see? We got Natalie, Portland, Johnny, Deathscar, Scarlett Johansson, Tom Brady, and a corner-coven and Rikai. We got Halley Perry and Chimara Moore. We got Britney Spears and Brad Pitt and Katherine's even Joseph and Pierce Brosnan. That should give you the drift of where it's going. And these guys, they can't handle it. You know, it's too throated up. We're going to, uh, partner and then I'd up. That's a good, that's a good choice. It's a good dimension. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Have a good one. There's a heterosexual guy that says, I'm, I'm going to shift him to this pool. I know, it's just a pointless, you know? I'm just going to leave it the way it is. Because these people are, by as much fun as taking a rusty nail and sticking your ear deep inside your ear, all the way like to the middle of your brain used to be. You know? Yeah. What about you neighbors and rock huts? And what about you and Mo? Don't, don't, don't, don't. I'll be thankful on that. Backsting you some of the suggestions from the facts. Uh, and we'll read me one. Give me a hit me with one. Bill C'mon, Ellen, just generous. There you go. See if we can just have a bad thing. It's a bad thing. Okay. Like I said, audio fairies out there who you can. Oh, no. Easy. You're a good person. This is five, six, eight, two, eight. They put no lemon in the pep tea and they took him back out. They put the lemon in the pep tea, but it's not there in the corner. They put the lemon in the pep tea and they took him back out. They put the lemon in the pep tea and they put it right in. When they took her now, they said, Marbi. I don't like it with the lime. They said, Marbi. I feel a lot less like they were in the Marbi. Yeah, I haven't felt this sad. But when they took her to your job, they put the lemon in the pep tea and they took her nowhere. They put the lime in the pep tea, but it doesn't taste the shade. I used to do the living pep tea with my fingers, with my legs, and I would offer it with my hands. I would drink whole chocolate and ice cream and I would eat. Marbi. Marbi. Marbi. Marbi. Marbi. I did it, Marbi. Marbi. Marbi. I thought that was better. I mean, not better. The day it'd be a feather to darken. Maybe you could put the pep tea in the marbi. Darker. I cannot find you. We'll be right. Sometimes I wish I was straight. If I could live in in the pep tea, I'd say, Do good in the way. Twenty seven to eleven and five six. You know, if you're going to change the pool, how you'd like that. Okay. I am. And finally, I just tried to fix it, but I think you got my fax machine all screwed up by new one. Maybe I'll just do it on the ear. Maybe you write it down and you fix it to her. It has a hand. Okay. Who is the most tumourless tight ass? It's one of Sean's pools. All right. Is, uh, huh? Okay. Here's the final result of the other 143 boats. And obviously they're just not going with it. Who's celebrity loves how many like mocks to see? 143 boats. Natalie, Portland, Johnny, that 37. Scarlett Johenson, Tom Brady, 36. And a quarter-coven and Rikai Glacius. It's got. But third man. Halle, Barry, and Schumar more 19. Britney, Spirits and Brad Pitt, 16. And Cameron, Zeta Jones, and Pierce Brosnan five. That's it. That's as far as they go with that. So anyway, who is the most tumourless tight ass? Maybe Eric is listening right now. What a sumi is right? I already got you. I already gave it to him. Give it to him. I gave it to him. And the poll too. Well, here's the list we got so far. Christopher Hitchens, or Somi Imam of Mid-Latin. Am I going too fast on these? It's right. I got the original. How did you get the original? From Sean? Oh, no. Oh, that's right. You got the original from Sean, right? And you got Ed Mohower David. So we got Christopher Hitchens, or Somi bin Laden. Very bonds. Dick Cheney and Mohower David. And then we can edit that. So we'll get to new poll up there. And if you, I don't, when's the last time we had to do that? Where we like, Schmidt can to poll like early in the show. Not a long time. Long time ago. But that's just a, you know, even the smell of, oh, man, what a rancid smell smells like New Orleans. So let me add something at the risk of sounding ignorant. Who the hell is Christopher Hitchens? He's another one of these right wing, grits. He's the one that debated George, what's his name? George Gallo. Gallo. Oh, I'm Gallo-way road on the sea span last week. I'm surprised you asked me that because I just got through telling you that for you today. Chris, I'm sorry. He's not one of these uptight. We're working real, uh, he's like that. Tony Blakely that's on at, uh, however you tell me about, uh, I hinted about some, I just didn't commit his name to memory. Yeah. You know, the show was on the black one. Bye bye. Tony Blakely that big fat right wing brit. Why is it that, it's most of the brits that they have on American media, that they use are the right wingers. I just don't get that. Oh, Jesus. That's a coincidence. Are we, you know, that? Our media only uses right wing brits. That's true. They only use right wing, uh, for the most part. I'll speak in the right wing. We'll have more time. That's the butcher's law. There's a lot of time during rum spell talking a lot of crap. So very jackass rights this morning. Let's get to the important stuff. Okay, because these people obviously are way off their feed. I mean, way way off their feed. Very jackass rights, panthers voices to make debut. There's been more turnover in the local broadcast with and ever during the past year. And that continues Wednesday when the panthers unveil new play by play voices on the Fox and QAM, Dave Strader and Steve Goldstein. Since 2004, each of the software markets for proteins has had at least two honor changes by it's little Barry. Good collineast week, very, very week today, very nae be pan. Be kind of like Michael Bugg was in a very weak, very ineffectual week. Not only of the markets game broadcast, lost some of the best time we've ever had here such as Dave or Brian and Jim Manditch, but there are also a fewer play by playing answers in the market with deep delcitone voices than any time in the past decade. Fewer play by playing answers in the market with deep delcitone voices than any time in the past decade. Probably a voice was a strength for former dolphins play by playman. Moe Howard David. Excellent. The answer is Booshambe and former panthers voices, Jeff Rimmer and Jigs McDottled. The old hack jigs. Some of the new voices lack commanding deliveries and that tends to affect the perception of their work. Marlon Zen, see, listen to this. Some of the new voices lack commanding deliveries. This is as close as Barry can go to take a miss shot. You know what I'm saying these guys really suck. Marlon's announced to Rich Walsh and Roxy Bernstein are competent, but don't have the distinct voice of God pipes which Joe Buckin some of this have. I think Joe Buckin's got the voice of God, Jeff. That's a good voice. Now he's got a really good voice, but the voice of God like like Mel Allen like a deep authoritative voice like that, I don't think so. An addition to which Barry doesn't understand having been, you know, live it, listening with mommy for 30 years now in the whole deal. He just doesn't get it. I think that thing is going to try the facts again. New dolphins radio announced to Jimmy Siffle has a pleasant voice, but seems to strain on it, strain it on big plays. You're fairy. He gets a little over-sided. Well, I think is that thing going to go through? I mean, this isn't that fact. I'm breaking in new facts to all in one machine back there. It's just the a carbon copy of the old one. I hear it ringing, ringing. There you go. It's going through your facts there. If you've already got it, but it's just comforting to know that's the thing works. Goldstein, Jodie, who team up with Randy Moor, doesn't have a classic play by play voice. And I like it to just say he's a squeak, my stroke, okay. He's going to do a fine job. I can't even say he's got a squeaky bizarre voice, but he figures to give a conscientious call, right to bury. What does that mean? A conscientious call. What does that mean? Well, what's an unconscious call? She is a schoolsteam plan to follow puck movement in a way similarly approach of Jogs McDonald who retired. Oh, yeah. I hope better than that. All I think is dialing again, I think. Goldstein 35, the Panthers, Prick Game and Post Game Radio Host and 97 is called, two Panthers games is a filling in 99 and 2002. I'm real confident that I've been waiting my whole life into this job, St. Gilles. State of World, be paired with Dennis Potthand. Denise was a logical successor to replace Rimmer who left for the Columnist Ray jackets. I've always tried to create space for the analysts in St. Frater 50 worked the past eight years for ESPN after 11 years with the Red Wings. Then he's got thoughts on the dolphins in UM broad cast teams. As seven, nine of these dolphins, analyst Joe Rose has criticized when appropriate. He's proven to be the best choice to replace managed who didn't want to leave WDQM. Thank God, that Joel Finder would do anything to her does. It often needed a strong personality and still managed to shoot and they found that. Oh, the facts went through, thank God. But Rose must have worked screaming over cephalo on big plays. See, I don't hear any of that. Now, if you listen to any more Josh, you're just giving up. No, I've given up. Throwing him to tell. cephalo said his best performance on the after struggling with misidentification of several players in the jet-s game. The next challenge is identifying receivers more quickly. You see how man be Panicked? He sucks. Okay, Barry. He just plain sucks. Quit the crap feeding around a bush. When somebody is good, you're lucky, you're lucky all over. Okay. Crazy Mala and if they suck, you'll say it sucks. No logical announcing team. This is the best. This is the most hysterical. I just can't believe it. It's just unbelievable that he's writing this and what is supposedly a real newspaper the hero. No local announcing team is consistently sharper or more prepared than WQM's combo of Joseph Gackie. Oh, my! Oh, my! And John Bailey, Julia, UM games. You get to identify all key particulars after play as quickly and concisely. Oh, my! Oh, my! I mean, it leaves me limp thinking about the cutters' swirl that passes on a year in this market. Bailey is matched in the art of living the snappy cogent sound bite. Both are rejected predicting storylines such as the Gackie anticipating Greg Olson being the go-to guy versus FSU. Then around the dial, he's got a bunch of stuff that nobody cares about, but the obligatory suck up get your head way up into your fine bruise but Barry. So, he's got a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of stuff sort of stuff that's sick was things that's a lot of stuff that's really like it a lot of stuff on that stuff is a lot of stuff and oh oh oh oh no I'm not sure video but I forgot, that turned out your poop gut just touched the whole junk in Jen and it's a lot of stuff that's pretty sankey you got a lot of stuff shots like that, said Oh, that's the Rosenberg. Who I have an Ellie has made some really outrageous and grotesque remarks. Wasn't Karen Stolles about that? I'm sorry, I was not listening. Yeah, in other words, he's not always here. He's a disaster, which I'm surprised we didn't hire him. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Jesus. And now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney. Today, Dick dials celebrity biographer, Kitty Kelly. Hello. Yes, hello. Kitty Kelly, please. Sting. Yes, give you this as Dick Cheney, but I spread it to the United States of America. How are you? Fine. That's good. That's nice. Is this something that can help you with? Yes, it's just that a book is coming out next week, because you're out of a frankly, we question it's credibility and wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out. I'm sorry, my son is breaking us. Did you just ask him not to use a crisp book? I'd go after the election. Yes, after George Bush did three elected, for he told you, why don't you want? Why don't you do that? Why don't you go? Why don't you go? Why? Why? Why? It's definitely the Taurus win. You're messing with the president of the United States of America. Okay, I'm making that down. We know where you live. You don't think that's right. We'll get your little dog, Pono, too. Goodbye. What's wrong with you? Hello? Hello? This has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney. I was going to dig general Dick Myers is a retiring. I think he probably can't handle the investment anymore. All the lies that he has to keep telling Richard Myers. Don't believe him. 38 quick folks, you let Barry Barnes out the poll. I'm going to have to leave it up to Josh to add. And he's not going to be too happy about that. Because that's his hero is very bonds. So the most tumourless, tight ass of all Dick Cheney 17, how were David at eight, Osama Bigelodden Five, Christopher Cheney's five and Barbara Bush to read. Where did she come from? But that's a good idea. Oh, yeah. We got a bunch of kinds of goods. Yeah, she's a real laugh riot. She's a real caution. Anyway, as speaking of Iraq, I just always like to throw these things in and we just kind of update. A tax-powered day in which nearly 100 killed Constitution vote looming on the horizon. Look at this. On the day of his retirement as a chairman of Joint Chief of Staff General Richard Myers discusses the war in Iraq with today horse-matte law. I hope you missed that this morning. I did this. Good. Me too. Soonly, Biden's surgeons kill at least nine people with a car bomb and a crowded vegetable market today. They muslim day of worship. And the second place against Shiite civilians is in many days. The dead old roast and nearly a hundred from the previous days of tax and another Shiite town. Elsewhere in the southern city of Bosra and Iraqi police kind of was ambushed. Yesterday killing four policemen and moving one, the new surge of violence before the October 15th referendum is killed at least 194 people. It's only 13 US service members in the past five days. We're doing it, baby. We're just skyrocketing those numbers up there. Is that what it's all about? I never feeling it's got to be all what it's all about. That's the only measure of success. Is the number of dead people. They amount of blood that we've bled shouldn't have. The first one, he saw the four star general standing in line. It's a panagon cafeteria. The panagon cafeteria, there go there's your president man. Everybody look in the mirror. Stick your one finger up your butt and the other one go. Put the board like that. And there's your president. I hope you're proud. WQAM. Hello. I got one for the poll. Yes sir. Who is fairer con? Louis Verkhan. Louis Verkhan, not a great sense of you. I'm not a funny guy. Okay, sir. Thank you. Don't you think so? Louis Verkhan, run on the evil. Do you know you want to do that joke that we play all the time? That is true. I never thought about that. But that's, you know. I'm like you have to play that if I could find a dancing. Although I think we've probably spelled his name wrong. Probably. What is that under? Verkhan. Yeah, but it's like I said, I think it might just possibly be a scoleroce. But like it sounds bad. That's a nice thing. Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people. Today in the spirit of unity and understanding. Deal white folks. Couple of things you ought to know. When I'm born, I'm black. When I grow up, I'm black. When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go out in the cold, I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black. And when I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you're born, you're pink. When you grow up, you're white. When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue. When you get scared, you turn yellow. And I happy as time of my life is when white people die. You turn purple. And you got the damn nerve to call me, call it. Yeah, real life ride. Anyway, this fact should just send me. This is enough to make me just give up. He's not in the audience. People like he or she, whoever he is. I'm assuming he. But I don't like no imagination. But best love kids would result from the fun. And then it's got a bunch of things that are supposed to be funny. And everybody's funny is like a massive coronary. You know, I just throw it away like 10, like that. That was just the best example. Leave a company to me. Okay. I'm Mr. LaFride. Okay. I'm Mr. Yup. Because you post a funny, believe you me. I've heard your calls for a zillion years. You ain't funny. And your facts is, whoa, if you think the calls are funny, just wait until you read them facts. I'm not gonna be a racist. Hey, yo, which piece of copy that I just thought to you? Because they just gave me a bunch at the same time. Dalamacris, which you already facts me before. Okay. But that's okay. It's always good to have a spare. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Did it probably be a few names on this poll? If not, that's okay. Because we're getting all of somebody facts that are much of a poll. Some chronic facts. You're, thank you. Good stuff. But we'll save those for next week. And there's nothing wrong with it. There was nothing wrong with the first one. But it wasn't like one of those where you're like ripping anybody in an answer, like, yeah, for being like that. See, they would have gone better with the second one on there about, which I thought the other way around. I thought the second one was kind of like lame, you know? What was the second one? About the lame, I think I should make it. But the lame duck. No, no, about the, the sickest celebrity loved child, the scariest. Yeah. They had like B Arthur and Abogoda, George's W. And I was in a dinner. Stuff like that. See, that would have been great. They would have been right up there alley. But you know what's screwed? We should make candid. Let's put it in the deep freeze for a while. Let them sit on and see what they can hatch. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you just talked about the retired general. Who is a two-minute view of TVS this morning? I said the repeat to comedy made. They asked them about whether they think about the suit, his heart was in Iraq and his thoughts. And he made the comments with these people done. And they're losing their support on the world public. One is an advocate about the support. There's their minds, their thought process, and so it's worth of a one. Not my listening to a professional liar like him. Why are you paying any attention? Why are you lying to disrupt your life? But I mean, the comments are just a name. Don't do it again, sir. Don't do it again. Consider the source, okay? Don't do it again. Life is too short. Do not listen to Richard Myers. Do not listen to Barbara Star. Pentagon correspondent for they certainly not news nothing that works. Ask them what they're thinking in the end. Yeah, well, don't ask me what I'm thinking because believe me, if you knew you'd like to run for the Hills on me. Believe me, bitch. WQAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. Spastic Friday, I know it. WQAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. Yeah, well, I would not do it out of a no more. Okay, that's okay. See, he's a little bit late. Why you sent me all this? And why you sent me, what is this? I don't get it. What is what? One is for today. Oh, boy. See, be a good idea before the show starts, so we can get all organized. New anything like that. Fat boy, all the least he does send copy. That's something I'll say for him. I can't say much else. I can't say this always very good or like, nevertheless, it will last one. It will last one. Five. I'm going to go to my pile again. Why not? You can sense it. You know how it goes. Right from the get go. You can tell it's one of those days when they're viral rhythms are all out of sorts. And they just, they can't get it all straight. They can't do it. WQAM, hello. Hey, man, are you doing pretty good? How about that self promoting blowhard on the weather channel Jim can't worry? Jim can't do it, man. There's a good one. I can't stand it. He takes himself very serious. And I just hope that the national networks don't take them up. We don't need to see him all the time. That's not a national network. Well, you mean the, yeah. Yeah, but it's a lot of small scale, though. Yeah. Okay, thanks. That's not the best for a loser when for out of the five musicians are American. That makes it American then. Not an English man. Derek and a domino. What do you say? Okay, take care. You're taking a sparing question. Exactly. Jim can't do it from the weather channel who likes to stand out there and get the blown-over. But although I will say, and now Rob Marciano would have been good for our celebrity am Max Hubs for a baby. Rob Marciano and Jennifer Beals. Hey, Matron with that. He's mine. Yeah, that's what you think. She ain't no Howard Beal. I'll take it that. Oh, first he's not. Let's see. Here's a, what is this? Oh, more facts to ideas. Wow, these kids just, just all, see. We appreciate those and we'll use them the good ones. There was nothing wrong with that first poll. We might have to change this poll again. What we're doing now. They're just starting to come up with ideas for the first one. They're a little bit slow. Little bit there. Just a little bit slow. Maybe we were on that 75 hour delay today. That could be it. Or maybe they found out that they're ain't no mode today. And they're like, they just abandoned the station. We're too late. Get them when the mole monster is on. We got guilty today. Not guilty man. You know, well, Gellie's going to be sweet and about hockey. Nobody. Little piece of advice. Do what you want. I know you will. But leave the hockey talk to a bare minimum. You want to keep any audience to sound for it. The anti hockey crowd 90 votes. The most tumorous tight ass. Dick Cheney 37. He seems to be 38. Look at that. More Howard David at 17. Barbara Bush 12. Christopher Hitchens 10. You've got to see Christopher Hitchens. I want to make a very angry. Very angry. He's one of these very very uptight. Brits who's up. He's still the right of it. I like to see George Gellie just get up and like smash him in the head with a two by four. We'll be good. I'll be good. Christopher Hitchens 10. Oh, some of it. Lawton 8. Louis Farracans go five. Just in time for the Jewish for Rochard Shawna. Very bonds for one for Larry King. Larry King. I thought he had a new you kind of somewhere that last. Yeah. Bill Fist has got one and the Jim Cantor Ray the whether or the weather channel dude. He's got the big. Oh, so far. This is Neil. He's a really soft solid. This is five 16. Two. Two. Four. Four. Close. And soda. The boo. Oh. I'm pretty good. But golf in win some day. Three and one baby. The bill's blow. Thank you. Mr. Little bit it. About Tom and Katie. Two celebrities. Stocked by the paparazzi. Katie going to be. Oh, Mrs. Drew. Tom critic side broke shields. Post bottom blue. The thing that I'm saying about Rochard said. There's misinformation. Okay. And she doesn't understand the history of psychiatry. She doesn't understand the same way that you don't understand. Katie just come back to Scientology. Now to be a nice and sure chance they can't curse the island. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They say that I'm going to. The world's getting pretty sick now. What baby and Tom. Well, speaking to Chris D'Elle, you've seen her latest spots for whatever that the dini craig. Actually, yeah, I have seen those. Where she's wearing a dress that's about six sizes too small. Right. And she's bouncing up and down on the ball that the world's getting bouncing. Yeah, you see that. Yeah. I mean, if that isn't the most ridiculous out of rage, she's still a fat cow. Right. And I didn't know she was a Scientologist. Is she? Of course she is. Yeah. Well, what do you say of course? She's a Scientologist. You're fair or something like that? Nothing. I know what. Curse the alley is a Scientologist. Sure. Oh yeah. Just one more reason to hit her like poison. Let's see. And rancid body part coders says that some facts. We can't say the body part rhymes with catch. Most humorless tennis could be Charlton Heston. There is an excellent one. Okay. Right there. From my cold dead hands. You son of a bitch. Yeah. Oh, brother. Everybody watch bullying for Colomine 100 times this weekend. That is just so perfect. Chuck Heston. Talk about somebody who takes himself to a suicide. When you play Moses and Abraham and all those others all too many times in Solomon. Right. And the guy named Herbert happens. You start taking yourself renal serious. 567. 560. 560. And they've arrived in a singular wireless line. And we'll start to build out a little bit. We apologize for feuchity for putting one on there. That challenge for example. I thought that this other one. This quantum facts are we're getting appreciate these even if they suck. But I'm looking at some of these in and out the like who's the best looking celebrity man or woman from the neck up. Our woman we'd have to put on there. There are no good looking guys. Let's face it. Yeah, they're guys. It's just. No, that's right. It's just something I made up. Seth. Right. I'm clean. Sure. So we can do that who's the best looking celebrity woman from the neck up. Okay. That's John Florida barbecue joint. How many barbecue joints are there in South Florida? Not so bad. Sonny's and you got what what's that other one's on our polio. The shivers. Shorties. Yeah, you got a lot of. What is it? Smokey bones. Smokey bones. Oh, Smokey bones. Smokey bones. Right. Smokey Robinson. Let's play some more than music. No. That killed the show yesterday when I got to that thing about her to through the grapevine. Again, that's just like that first poll we did today. Boy, one thing. Here's a lesson for all you puns that want to be on a radio in South Florida. What are some of the radio is still in business in about 10 years, which I doubt. But don't expect the South Florida audience to respond anything that makes sense. They'll respond to crap. That's why I've done so well all these years. There were anything that makes sense. They won't respond to it. They would think like living and breathing people would. But then we look around. Remember where you are and then say, oh, oh, oh, oh, that like that. And then all of a sudden you get tremendous response. Just keep doing that. Like that. Right. I've been doing it for like almost 30 years now for a second. 30 minutes. Looks like magic. Oh, speaking of magic is Bob Hamilton dead yet. No. Tell me the Q.A.M. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Did it speak the meal? Speaking. Oh, I knew. Yep. You know, post the alley. Yes. She doesn't understand the history of any Craig. Yeah. Got it. No, I don't get it. What was that mean? Tom Cruise was saying that's Matt Lauer. You don't understand the history of psychiatry. It was very, very bad joke. A 10, that he did. That's how he did soon. He sounded like. Oh, good. W.A.M. Q.A.M. That guy too. W.A.M. Hello. It's all for both. Yeah. Shon 10. Yeah. Very, very good choice. That's the appointment. Oh, that's a good choice. He makes a big change. He seemed like a comedy guy. He got that right. Hi. Yeah. That's all I got. Thanks a lot. That's good. No. Shon 10. Good actor. That's how we know. Yeah. And the worst part of it, I got another one for you. Bono. Yeah. Oh. Along the same line. Bono given our Prime Minister Paul Martin a bunch of crap. When you're always promising that you've been able to get all this A through these ads, starving people over there in Africa, but you never give it up. You always, no matter how much it is, it's never enough for me. And Paul, you've been to get with it. We're going to like, blah, Canada. I hope you're as Bono in your music sucks by the way. Okay? You too, broot, day. You idiot. You so, brother. He makes me. I don't want to hear no you too. I said something about music and those noise that they make is not music. I'd rather hear a rap. You'd rather hear 50 cent. I'd rather hear M&M. I'd rather hear any kind of swill anything than hear that. I'd rather hear two pack and six pack in the case in a half. What is that? Bita said, oh, I don't want to hear no 50 cent. I'm going to hear more like, blah, 30 cent. I like that. W2, 2A and hello. Yeah. W2 and hello. I don't want for the poll. Yes, sir. How about I? No. Sorry. Oh. Oh. Stop it. Stop it. It came Saturday. Oh, I think you're rid of it too. I keep hitting the trying. There he goes. That was good. Who was it? Oh, don't I? Yes. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You ready to mumble, don? I'm 100. Here we go. I'll speak to the people who are like real serious problem children. Former baseball star, Daryl Strabbery, was charged with filing a false police report after making up a story. Laging that is SUV had been stolen, Delray Beach Police and he probably heard norma camp called the show last week and figured like our copycat phone call. Yeah. Copy gets stolen SUV. Strabbery reported is when in Nissan, Marano stolen September 17 saying a disappeared from outside the gas station. I was inside by in cigarettes. He was by in a few faggots. But investigators who watched the gas station surveillance video saw him grab off in a different car than the one he reported stolen police spokesman Jeff Messer said. Another mess for Daryl. Daryl. And anonymous color later told police that Strabbery is SUV was behind the sports bar and they forth about 15 miles away. Police call the SUV. There would no damage with Strabbery's wallet inside Messer said. Strabbery, 43 admitted to police on Wednesday. They lied in the original report. He wasn't arrested because the charge, finding a false police report is a misdemeanor. Strabbery apparently allowed somebody to borrow the car but didn't provide details to police. I would not have happened, Messer said. The ATM also remember of the two world series witnesses had legal trouble before. No. Strabbery served 11 months in prison in 2002 and 2003 for violating probation on cocaine possession charges. I wonder if no well, Bush got the same kind of treatment on the inside as Daryl's Strawberry. Oh, probably got treated with velvet gloves. Your fan asked governor's dysfunctional family. There are a bunch of sleaze bags. There's a lot of people who are not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. They're not going to be in jail. He's getting tied with the police. They won't get to that. 152 votes. We got more votes on this pool. About a half an hour. Then we had the whole CEO on say, once he's seven, they hit it out of the pool. Because it made him. They're all those guys out there. If you, oh, unclean. I'm clean. You know, like, yeah. That's right. Well, that Tom Brady wouldn't be going on. Who's the most humalous tie-dance. Dick 10, he's 71. Mohan, look at the lead. He's got it. That's exactly correct, man. He is so sour. So nasty, fuller crack. Crooked as the day is long. Nasty, miserable. Notches disgusting. Pisa Terry with a weak heart. Dick 10, he said he won't think about him. You can't say he's all heart. He's almost no heart. Mohan, how are David in 26? Well, I can't believe Mohan doing better than that. Christopher, it's in 16. Garb, a bush for a feen. Various bonds. Nine. Oh, sound of me, mom and nine. Tag with Various. A lot of similarities. Both you steroids. They both smear that cream. Louis Ferrican, six and coder five. There's another one. Larry King, three. Bill, first, fifth, three. Chuck Hesson's only got a pair. A cold dead hands. Kind of these are one. Sean Penn, one. Don, I'm as Bono and Jim can't throw it. So far, got the big. You got to be kidding me. It's about Bono. Maybe they like Bono. Of course, you know, they like you too. They're high from because they're tasting music is in their touch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom, 5. If you like Scottish bagpipe music, you could love Bono. Even though they're at it. Right? Yeah. Or did you say? Oh, awful stuff. How many QA and hello? The morning meal. Yes, sir. Back in, we were doing sit-a-rosen very before. Back in the day when 1750, 19,000, whatever they were out of dialed. But anyway, the same junior year. Yeah, he had a show I'm there with Scott Sapplin. Are you kidding me? Yeah, he was on there for a while. I guess he was on there until they pretty much went off the hour. It was shocked when they went off the air. He, uh, he announced that he and his, uh, he and Scott were going up in New York to work for WRP. And he just went down here with horrible. Uh-huh. What it was up there now. He had, as you read, he had a gambling and something to do with the addiction. So what does he do? He goes on a weekend trip to Atlantic City. No, richwings. Chip remote and event in the guys that WRP and in New York were begging him. Don't go on this trip. Don't go on this trip. It didn't show up for work Monday. They're giving them a million chances in a $7,000. So seven nights, you're bringing him back to the... This sounds perfect for Joel, a fine-bird man. It sounds like a match made in purvatory. That's just, I mean, that's a station. It's so horrible. It's levitard. And it's like, giggle, giggle fast. All afternoon, you can't really. We've been levitard left card in Stugot. We just sit there and... A straight... Greg Cody calling up on the air, seeing him stupid song. Excellent. That got a 50-boy pajama party, basically. What did he do? I love it. Perfect to Joel Fiber. Thanks, Valley. And don't forget, we'll do anything to hear him. Even, uh, pick on Sid Bernstein, or whatever his name is. What's his name? Who? Saw some... ...Volved it to you guy from the Amisho. I, you know, they all look same. Come on, you better get with it. You better, uh, Sid Rosenberg for Christ's sake. You better get on top of that things, Miss. You better start getting a little more sports intensive. Or you better be on a fall and out with parents and duff. I do like at least with parents. Anyway, I'll be the... Women's volleyball. Doctor, we're going to care about sports. You just like, give me the locker room after the games. How many of the 77 votes so far is what we got in the second pool. And we apologize for that first one. We apologize for that. We'll never ever do it again until I feel like it. Maybe Monday. No, most... No, I'm serious. There was... I thought that pole was cute. I thought it was, uh, we all made creative visions of something... ...interesting. Do you go and think so? Visions of what about the judge? What about the judge? What do you think of the first pool? It, uh, you know, it had something. Yeah. It had possibilities, okay? It had a could've gone somewhere and it did right in the old can. WQAM. Hello. Hello, man. WQAM. Hello. You put any of the go on? Okay, sir. Just wanted to share some of those recent news. You know, all the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Uh, um, uh, uh uh, uh uh, uh. around Kennedy and the group, you know, Republicans way back when you can make a big deal about it. These guys seem to be very well connected and they're delays buddy and they do all this deal with the, I love they're, you know, these Christians, they have these guys that are obviously on the half of Indian casinos and find a find up gambling votes. They don't get about the Vatican banking scandal by the way, always good to Christian and about to take that all the almost all of the mafia, uh, henchmen get a good burial in the Catholic church. No problem. One other point because they gave it to the office. Yes. One other point about the New Orleans plane game, you know, they're going after Nagan, they're going after Blanco, but, you know, all these people in Mississippi are complaining and I haven't seen too much criticism showered on Haley Farber, chief Republican temp on this. So I'm concerned about that. Now, it's interesting now that he's tempted for the apparent mutuals for the for the casinos that is all of a sudden, he's, we got to bring him on shore and that we got to save all of these jobs in Indiana and all his board again, Christian friends are like raising for eyebrows. That's kind of a big one. But I love it. It's all this, you know, they want all these guys have connections with gambling industry, but they're, you know, I guess they forgot him at that part of the Bible that they, that they've some, yeah, for it. So like of selective memory, Pellie, have a great weekend. Yeah, take care. I'm even urging 14 past 11. We got the, a guilty master for Moa, too, because Gellie is in, uh, Moa is in New York for a brisk. There's slice and add thing, maybe there's slice and add in the like six different pieces of the babies, too. Mad dog is for from Hooray, isn't he? Well, you got that Marlon stuff and we apologize. I was in the brain of the game and it says no, come on. Get out there and mind. 2016, 2016, A.S. Why the, you bastard? That's a good one. The USA copy is my spider hole. Now they turn me over to a racquet control. When it's the American, don't keep me safe. Really, he's on the, gonna be one more grave in the rock. Yeah, he is there on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. As soon as they put me in the dark, I will throw in the jail, I'll be rocked. My people can hardly wait to make me pay. Just like they did with you, they in Jose, only one way to try and over my post, no Johnny Cagre, nor Margara goes to Iraq. Yeah, take home to Iraq. Give my cell my daughter to stay locked. Do they get to the jail, I'll be rocked. Baby, you might not be like a sub-ably. Baby, I can even see the sanity. I must have been crazy to get into this war. It's like, rent was still done, I'm from Michael Moore, Iraq. Yeah, he is in Iraq. Life is, we're so beyond the blood. And I will die if the jail is there on. Bye, if the jail is there on. Bye, if the jail is there on. But the 19th of the five, six, you don't need to kill him. I guess I probably should be the Paul Kermin article, so nice. All of them. All of them. What? No, I better get to that right now. Well, we got a lot of call to him, huh? What is it? I said don't tease. Nobody QA in, hello. Yes, I'd like to suggest, I'm a little nervous. I like to suggest George. But the George? Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. Like I said, we're going to get to that Paul Kermin piece right away. Well, I mean, that's how before you're not exactly Mr. hysterical. Right, that was, you know, who you by the way? I know, when you were last, he just before even before he even uttered a word, before he would have taken his hopefully last breath. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I mean, the title, oh, there he is, Bill Bennett. But I'm not a tourist is going to. Yeah, Bill Bennett said, we just, uh, board all those black babies. Not that I really mean it, you know, but if we just did it, man, can you imagine if just about if a, uh, well, of course, a liberal wouldn't say that, but if they did, oh, please. There would be such a huge and cry from the media. So they showed like in the middle, like a, you know, 25 happy. Don't give like about 30 seconds on it. How many? But the math document writes the way it is. According to a new US government index, the effective greenhouse gases is up 20 percent since 1990. Dr. Scott Gottlieb, a 33 year old Wall Street inside of a little experience in regulation for close ties to drug firms, was made a deputy commissioner at the FDA and July. The Arctic ice cap is shrinking at an alarming rate. Two of the three senior physicians at the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, OSHA are vacant. The third is held by Jonathan Smeary, former lobbyist. Texans for public justice, a watchdog group reports that he worked on efforts to keep a fedra, a dietary supplement that was banned by the FDA, legal. According to Francis Finance Minister Alan Greenspan told him that the US had lost control of its budget deficit. David Safavian is a former associate of Jack Abramoth, originally a dead lobbyist. Mr. Safavian oversaw US government procurement policy at the White House Office of Management and Budget until his recent arrest. When Senator James Inhoff, who is called scientific research on global warming, a gigantic host called a hearing to attack that research, is star witness was Michael Crickton the novelist. Mr. Safavian is charged with misrepresenting his connections with lobbyist, specifically Mr. Abramoth, the chief of the International Service Administration. A key event was a lavish golfing trip to Scotland in 2002, mostly paid for by a charity Mr. Abramoth controlled. Among those who went on the trip was representative Bob Nay of Ohio. It's not possible to attribute any one-weather event of global warming, but climate model showed that global warming will lead to increased hurricane intensity and some research indicates that that's already occurring. Tycopate $2 million, most of it going to firms controlled by Mr. Abramoth, as part of its successful effort to preserve tax advantages it got from shifting its legal home-turbo immune to, sounds like a haliburton to me. Timothy Flanagan, general counsel at Tycopate has been nominated for the second-ranking Justice Department post. In the aftermath of Katrina, New Orleans has awash and soldiers in police, nonetheless, FEMA has hired Blackwater USA, a private security firm with strong political commissions to provide arm guards. Mr. Abramoth was invited last month, and charges of fraud relating to his purchase of some cruise, a casino vote operation, Mr. Nay in certain comments in the congressional record, attacking some cruise as original owner, constant T.O.s. Gus Bullis, placing pressure on him to sell the Mr. Abramoth and his partner Adam Cadan and Praise Mr. Cadan's character. James Schmitz, who resounded as a Pentagon's Inspector General, made questions about his performance, has been hired as Blackwater's chief operating officer. Last week's female were arrested in connection with the gang-landsomerter of Mr. Bullis, some cruise after was controlled by Mr. Cadan and Mr. Abramoth paid a company control by one of the men Anthony, big Tony Muscatiel, and his daughter, $145,000 for kid-wing and other work. A court documents questions are raised about whether food and drink were even ever provided. Some cruise paid 95,000 of a company in which one of the other men arrested, Anthony Little Tony Ferrari is a principal, Little Tony. Anytime you get a nickname like that, it always gets you nose out of joint, you know? Yeah, yeah. Erracks or upper-ever means below pre-war levels, the LA Times reports the mistakes by US officials and a halibut in subsidiary, which was given a huge, no big reconstruction contract, may have permanently damaged Iraq's oil fields. Tom Delay who stepped down as has majority leader after his indictment once called Mr. Abramoth out of my closest and nearest friends. Mr. Abramoth funneled funds from clients to consider institutions and causes, the Washington Post reports that associates of Mr. Delay penned that he severed the relationship after Mr. Bullis's murder. Public health experts warn that the US would be dangerously unprepared for an avionth fluid epidemic and his water crime cart used to say, that's the way it is. The fact that he's a little piece of New York Times today, that's the way it is. The most tumourless tight ass of all, we've got the 235 votes already, how do you like that? We should have started with this right off the kit, go, should we? So the guy that pulled him up with. Uh, dictating 902, he's often run a man, he is off to the races. Don't run too fast, you got that bad ticker, you know? More Howard David at 35, he's out to do an abrisc business in New York again, another day off. Barbara Bush 22, Christopher 1817 and Coder in Oslo, good ladden 13. Oh brother, what a match that is. Very bonds 14, Louis Veracan 8, Sean Pan 7, kind of Lee's has got five. He oughta have more than that, she is just a nasty miserable. Bill first five, Bill King for Chuck Heston 2, down I am his one, and the Bono and Jim Cantor we don't have anything. I guess these people don't feel about Bono the same way that you and I do. Well, there's so many other choices on there. When he's doing all of that wonderful work, he's helping to save mankind and he's doing all of this important thing for all of us starving people in the, yeah, right. Go play your phone, he ballooning music and quit triad. I just can't handle it for attending to be like a, they save you of the universe. WDQAN hello, 2 AM not there. WDQAN hello. Well, I tell you this is one hell of a Friday. I'm going to mark this one down right on my wrist, just like in Memento. WDQAN hello. I kneel. Yes sir. I have a name for you, Lewis. Yes? Martha Burke. Martha Burke. The one who wanted to get the woman into the masters and now he's all complaining about the advertisement for the anti-Kail hockey. He never says anything that is in controversy. Okay, look what around or nobody knows who that is. But we'll put around. I do remember Martha Burke. Martha Burke just put around or don't ask questions. Oh, you know something? They showed San Rudeo Connor on yesterday. Like a very recent, she was, she was wobbling somewhere with somebody. If she doesn't look like Martha Washington, I mean, I'm serious. Am I right? Yeah, and she's got the shakes. And when she's, when she's wearing the robe and she's got the bigger, it looks like that. In fact, she looks almost like George Washington. This is Neil Raj. Nice. He's five, six. Don't go to Lord A. Go to Lord A. Go to Lord A. Go to Lord A. Go to Lord A. Go to Lord A. Go to Lord A. I can't get over what that deal is that the day is yet. If you sell a lot of knowledge to talk about me, I won't ask you. I don't give a crack what that Mary has to say. If you think what this one thinks, I'd say, what? I know. I know. Have you know? I know what I'm talking about. I'm microwave intake. I'm drinking ao and I assume I get it up. I pump my food and. I give all three kind of things. Enjoy Wagyu glass. I sowed acan powder. I sow with in fire. I sow with in fire. I sow with it in fire. I'm going to do this. Look at the door! Look at the door! Look at the door! Look at the door! Look at the door! Look at the door! Look at the door! I'm going to set the door in the package, how? Why you smell? I'm a god of all you spoiled old fools. I know everything is going on in that old. Why you are even a wolf and a new mudge on rules. I've kept to the giant! Daddy, or who? So, Daddy's going to the ice. Look at that is so when I take you to the ice. I know I ain't no way to play with you. But when they drop my voice from the sky. He was a little smoothy. That's why he's going to put it like that. How are you? I'm going to put it like that. That's why he's going to put it like that. That's why he's going to put it like that. Oh, speak it up to that. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, speaking of that, Kelly is going to be out of two, so you can judge for yourself who to have the better job because Mo was up there with taking his grandson's or granddaughter's bris, maybe it's a granddaughter, maybe she's having a bris, I love her place. They do laugh with her, right? Then we got man dog at Hooray's in Derral of four, and then a Marlon stuff which quite frankly anti-climactic and capital after the ballgame. Now, I don't want to like throw us off course, and I do want to spend at least two three hours of ripping Bill Bennett and nasty to deserve. But you brought up something since you're always like coming between me and my friends. First it was me and the boy who pissed off before I even met him. And remember about the bad wig and the checkered pants, and then remember about being a teamstake, which I can't believe you saying that, and being a horrible hockey show. And now it's across over with Hank at 10. I don't want to be, because we have done that pull before way back, way back when, when Hank and I started doing that. George told me the other day before they show that everybody in the building is like scratching or hand wondering, what is that all about? And that really sucks, and that's just, why they do that? It's just, what is it? Pretty much what you said? Oh, come on now. I said to that a fuck. That's what Josh said. He said, why do you waste your time with that crap talking about the race track and all this old life? He just called Hank on the phone and reminisce about old times. So he was kind of that thought like I did. Do you? Well, race track, yeah, I got to. Yeah, see too much of that race track talk. It's just a pond race. Well, we talk about other things like old, old stuff. So we need to get some more input from the audience on that crossover because it, you know, I mean, I enjoyed a lot. And I think Hank obviously enjoyed some. He made me a little bit too much, but you know, see, I'm spoiled because of those turn days when we used to come on like a 10 or five or 11 o'clock. That's solid days. That's not bad. That's not bad for us. But it was, it was good for a while. It was good for us. Okay, so let's try it again. Let's put stirring back on. What do you say? Tell you, it goes off the end of the year. Come on, give it a shot. So let's say, you'll input on at 10 o'clock crossover. They were the Humphor. Do they listen to it? Do they like it? Do they hate it? Are they just offended by they just puking their guts off? Let's do take. See, if there was a way that we could get Eric to like, put take the pool. That if we have a, this would be too much for him. Wouldn't it, would he get like, then out of shape? No, because I don't know technically if he can do that. Yeah, we ever done that. We can do it. He can take this pool. Save it. Free host state on the back burner. Put another one on there for like about an hour and then put this one back up for the weekend. Can we do that? Yes, you sure. Yes. Well, what the hell do you know? You're not the technical expert that he is. He's the main man. He's the head. He's the little last. Huh? He's the mover and shaken it. He has vays. Okay, well, let's do that. All right. So let's take that one. We're, this, this is quite a poll day, you know what? Have I said, even Miss Come on, I've ever had this many polls a one day. Almost 300 votes on this one. That's good. That's refreshing. And reassuring, because the first one went over like a pregnant poll vulgar in a middle July in a bang with aish. But nevertheless, so we'll put this one, we're just leaving where it is. And we're going to put us the next one, which is going to be what's your take on the 10 E.M. crossover between Hank and Neil every morning? Can you handle that? Yeah. Well, who's, who's, how are we going to do? Well, I got a communicator to him, right? That takes to. Yeah. He's not going to take short hand up. There is not going to be like, where he's got, he's got a sense of, he has a set. What? How do you always not even listening? Trust me. He's got a sandwich in each hand. Okay. He's busy attending his lunches right now. Look at the time. It's almost noon for Christ's. A fat guy like him. See, one thing you don't understand, if you're going to be of massive growth, you have to, in order to maintain that rotundity, you have to keep feeding that whole. You understand? If he's feeding it, I do understand. Silly me empty hole. Well, you know something about that. But nevertheless, so anyway, the question is, what's your take and what are the choices going to be? I love it. I hate it. It's okay. What else? I'm too busy typing to. I'll come on, Josh. I love it. I can't live in the food. It's okay. It's okay, except when they talk about the racetrack and gambling. Or how much too much track talk? Well, no, I mean, we don't want to. Forget about this subject matter. We're going to like dissect it like that. It's going to be a whole big. This is just an intermediate for about an hour. Just for my own personal programming information since we're so in tune with what the audience wants. Are we? No. Go with those three. That's good enough. I love it. I hated it. It's okay. Okay. Now, is that your photo? It's just a... Real Democrats blasted that up. Not just fat face piece of turd man. I hate him. There's one ought to be on this poll. On the one we've, before we take it out, build Bennett. He's a fungaler laughs. Humorless, tight ass if there ever was one. And I'll give you another one too before we take this one off. Okay. Can you do this before we change it? Yes. Or is it too late? We do it. We do it. We do it. We do it. We do it. Robert's. I mean, this Jerry Falwell had the purple thinking winky. That was kind of funny. I don't know if he had one. We were just talking about one. But he was involved with one. But Pat Robertson and build Bennett. Oh, God. Anyway, congressional Democrats blasted former education secretary William Bennett yesterday. For saying that a boarding, every black baby in this country would reduce the crime rate and demanded the Republican counterparts do the same. This is precisely the kind of insensitive, hurtful and ignorant rhetoric that Americans have grown tired of said representative Bobby Rush of Illinois. Bennett who, well prominent post in the administrations of Reagan and First Bush, Bush 41 told the college to Was syndicated radio talk show Wednesday. If you wanted to reduce crime, you could, if that were your sole purpose, you could abort every black baby in this country and your crime rate would go down. That would be an impossibly ridiculous and morally reprehensible thing to do. But your crime rate would go down. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi of California called on President Bush to condemn the comments by Bennett who was the anti-drug chief in Bush's father administration and a real goody two shoes in finger-pointy and hypocrite and a compulsive gambler with a real serious problem. What could possibly a possess secretary Bennett to say those words especially at this time Pelosi asked, What could he possibly been thinking? That's what's so alarming about his words. But it's the bias comments last night. I was putting forward a hypothetical proposition, put that forward, examined it, and then said about it that this morally reprehensible, morally reprehensible. To recommend abortion of an entire group of people over at lower your crime rate is morally reprehensible. But this is what happens when you argue that the ends can justify the means he told CNN. I'm not racist, I'll put my record up against theirs before you to close another critics. I've been enchanting in the real civil rights issues of our times, equal education opportunities for kids. We've got to have Candor and talk about these things while we reject wild hypotheses, then it's said. Yeah, like a boarding every black baby, that's not too wild. Maniac. I don't think people have the right to be angry if they look at the whole thing, but if they got a selective part of my comment, I can see what they would be angry. If somebody thought I was advocating that, they ought to be angry. I would be angry with that, so I'm not going to advocate. Asked if he owed people in a apology, Bennett replied, I don't think I do. I think people who were misrepresented in my view owe me an apology. See, it's always that way, man. Always that way with these people. National media is, you know, they talk a lot about the lots of revenue or the inability of the government of fun social security. And I was curious, and I've read articles in recent months here that, you know, the abortions that have happened in some sort of road-by-way, the lost revenue for the people who have been a border turn that they've the last 30 something years. You know, because fun folks with the security as we know it today. And what, you know, the media does, does not touch this law. Assuming they're all productive citizens. Assuming that they are. Even if only a portion of a word, it would be enormous amount of revenue. Maybe, maybe, but we don't know what the cost would be to. I think as abortion disproportionately occur among single women. You know, I don't know the exact the exact the exact the exact the the exact the quite a bit are. Yeah. Well, I mean, I just don't know. I don't, I would not argue for the pro-life position based on this, because you don't know. I mean, it gets both, you know, one of the arguments in this book, three economics, they make is that the declining crime rate, you know, this they deal with this half past. So one of the reasons crime is that it's an abortion is up. Well, I don't think that's the particular factor. Well, I don't think it is either. I don't think it is either because it was just a part of the way. Because first of all, I think there's just too much that you don't, that you don't know. But I do know that it's true that if you wanted to reduce crime, you could, if that were your sole purpose. You could abort every black baby in this country. Oh, man, that would be impossible. Ridiculous and morally reprehensible thing to do, but your crime rate would go down. Nary, or we're going down. And you like that. I'm trying to take him out and tie his ass to a tree and a lynst that son of a bitch right now. I'll get the rope. I just can't imagine why over 90% of black folks vote against the Republicans. You know, I just can't imagine why. A bunch of racist, you know, I mean, wow, why would anything even, like that even cross somebody's mind, you know? You know, you, you, Mr. You are so out of touch, you know, I think you've lost touch with these softholding ones. I wouldn't want it with saying that I was the one explaining it to people. The value of it. I bet you're for the audience is concerned. You said that inside the building, right? And we, which goes to show me the only thing that is inside the building. Most of those people are understand not only this show, but it's all radio stations. What's on here? Even that's why we got sales effort. We got eight, 19 votes on there. And for more of my fat asses, sitting, what's your take on the cross over with Hank? It's okay 11, I love it eight and I hate it. Oh, none. None. The big fat zero. And with this audience, that is, I mean, granted, so many of the first 19 votes. I was in the moment. I voted over 100 times. What? I was the first one to vote. Okay. Mr. So I think if I were you, I'd go out in the hallway right now and say, New people don't know crap. You don't know squat. I don't have to say that. I just go out in the hallway and say squat on this. You idiots, you quiz-lings, you... You're fairies. Of course, if you say that, a lot of people will respond. This is me. You're losers. You're losers. You're fairies. You're fairies. 16, 16, 18, 18. But long this is dedication. It's from Hank or Bug. Any right? Please play the air that I breathe. And dedicate it to my Kim Bazinger Blondon. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face it. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about Hankos. They scare their shit out of me. To imitate them and give you whatever you want. That's right, Hankos. Think about it. Needs a cash, rub a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. All the convenience stores. Thanks to Jimson, Princess Firehead. It's all free if you've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend. Hiller. To a simple solution, a life complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it. And happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the damn thing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out. If you consider the population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. Hey, you know what? Very timely. You want to know why? Why? See, you're forgetting. All you people. It's a good thing I got a memory like an elephant in the body to match. You know what the date is tomorrow? October 1st. And what does that mean in Florida? Yeah. Yeah. That new bill goes into effect. That all you people love so much. And that your fan has given us. Somebody looks like they're going to take your park in spot. They look threatening you. That's right. I'm going to drop in this weekend. I say that bill bet it's some of the black organizations out of invite him this weekend to Florida. Okay, for like a cup of tea or something. Like that? Yeah. In fact, you know, who doesn't like to smoke a big fat one? Just put his big fat ass on a spit and smoke it. Now let's can we end one more of this intermediate fool here real quick, Josh? So okay. It's too long. Now I will grant you. Nobody has ever said that to me in my life. But it is the first time for every next two long. Oh, believe me. So there you go. That's on a crossover. So far, 66 votes 28 love it. Or 30 36 love it. 28 say it's okay. And for I hate it. That must be those people inside the building. Right. But it's too long. I think it's valid. It's there could be a criticism. We'd thrown on and pop up. I mean, a lot of stuff. But people seem to say they have no problem with it. Most of the centurage. Right. And the people you hang out with in the building. Yeah. Oh, Judith Miller, who's highly. She's another one. I ought to have something fried. I don't want to say. Judith Miller to report it from the New York Times has been jailed since July 6th. For refusing to identify and testify this CIA leak case was released yesterday for a virginity detention center after she and her lawyers. We've just been agreeing with the federal prosecutor in which he would testify before a grand jury investigating the case. The publisher and executive editor of the paper said. Ms. Miller was freed after spending more than 12 weeks in jail during which she refused to cooperate with the inquiry. For this season to testify was made after she obtained what she described as a waiver. Offer voluntarily and personally by a source who said she was no longer bound by any pledge of confidentiality she had made to him. Ms. Miller said the source that made clear that he genuinely wanted her to testify. The source was and is. I, Lewis, scooter liby. Vice President Dictany, chief of staff according to people who have been officially briefed on the case. Ms. Miller met with scooter liby on July 8th, 2003 and talked with him by telepholmy to that's week. The discussions between officials and journalists that week that may have disclosed the identity of a central intelligence agency officer Valerie Wilson Valerie Plain have any central focusing investigation. Ms. Miller said in the statement that she's expected to appear before the grand jury on Friday, meaning today. Ms. Miller was released after she and her lawyers met at the jail with paper tape that's zeroly prosecuted in the case to discuss her testimony. How do you like that? That's scorer liby was the source. The source of the information about I'm going to tell you something, maybe this weekend we'll finally get the aunt and we'll get the MS. You think anybody carried? Oh, you know, how fast that whole thing brought up that story? Yeah, I was just talking about that with someone. Just like all this murder and bloodshed in her back to last 48 hours, how much have we seen on? I mean, we've seen some stories on there very briefly, but how much actual footage have we seen? I mean, you know, they got all the cameras over there. They got all the network people. How can we not see what's really going on over there? Shut up out. We've been this. When you hate America, all the lackeys. 806 votes on a poll, Mr. Smarty pants. See, I'm just checking it out because maybe you're right. I can't win me my first programming this morning. You can throw it. We didn't come to the station. You wanted to add a bad whole inside the building thing. I just, I said in general, in and out. Oh, I see. So in other words of people, I thought the people you talked about, I had to building girl listen to the show. No, my friends don't listen to the show. Right. I do. See? How come you didn't have any friends listening to the show. You hang out in the wrong circles, Mr. Come with me. Come with me. Come with me. Come with me. Come with me. Come with me. You're right. Yes. I love it. It's okay. 33. I hate it. And it's too long. So far. Oh, nothing. We'll be in the sub-till about 12. 12 watt? 567 maybe we'll get some commentary on this too probably some of those people want to take a team shot as somebody which would be the first time that's our crowd. Keep shot artists. WDQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing sir? Pretty good. Hey I got a compliment and kind of a beef with you. Go right ahead. Okay. Your entertainment or should of your show is unmatched man. Yes. Your screen. It is absolutely unmatched. It is. It's the best. Okay. I don't know how you get what you get out of. Well, what are you saying they're scented and twisted? Well, because they're lying opinions well, I was given somebody else's opinions and they wouldn't be scented. So, the better thing that you just played, the whole thing in entirety which is great. But then how do you how you can say what you say after that it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Very easily. Very easily. That's a lot of that. Okay. Anything. You look that advocate for a boarding flat thing. Yeah. And first of all, the man is a big fan of hypocrite who's got a compulsive gambling problem. He was written a book about morality and about how everybody should behave and how he should behave. Oh, man. Who doesn't? Who doesn't have a rule? No, no, no, no. Don't just wipe it away, my saying who doesn't. He didn't say that. You're a people who didn't say that about. Come on, I'm not. I'm not. You know, I'm with you. They need to say that. I just think it a point. What is the point? What would you want to be? What would you want to be? What is the point? What would you want to be? I just want to do. You're going to take up. You're going to take up. I went on the year and I made a comment like that no matter what the context. I wouldn't be back on looming. OK. I possibly say that after what we went through just by playing some comedy bits. So we're obviously intended to center and we practically got pulled out of this radio station a couple of years ago. The world. Here's a guy that goes on here. No matter what the context is. Why would anybody make a comment like that? Then if all black things were a board of the crime rate, which surely go down. That's I can't even imagine saying something like that on the year. But here's a guy who isn't one of them, but he's the, he's the son of the, the sending me the defensive place. And then when I bring up Bennett's gambling problem, you see, this is, see, I'm an, I'm an old, an old, a perfect, okay, an old, perfect, I'm proud of it. I make no apologies for it. I don't put myself about it pedestal. I'm like most of you people I got my four, four bulls, my, we didn't know. That's it. I'm not preaching to the rest of the world how you should live your life. In fact, I, I believe, mind your old business, DNA, two-row harm. Just live your own life, go hurt anybody and everything's fine. That's it. That's my philosophy. But when you set yourself up as better than everybody else, like all these, born again, Holy Roarers do. And then it's kind of the fight out just like your fat ass covenant on his whole dysfunctional family. His drugged up family act. And you find out this guy's got a compulsive gambling problem. So serious that his wife is threatening like, uh, blow his brains up. And of course, not to mention Russian is pill pop, and after saying that all drug addicts ought to be like, um, death row or whatever, and how he's saying pretty close to it. Don't leave the phone freak out. Yeah, and then of course, Bill O'Rally. Yeah, there's another good one. There's an air v single time. And I can think of some other ones too, which is some unmentioned of all ones. Air v single time, you find these finger pointers, whether they're talking about black people or Gaze or whoever is the, the target do you're, come to find out you look in their own closet, whether it's Ralph Bowman there in Maryland. Air v single one of them and it's turned out to be full of belonging. Bob Bowman, whatever he holds his name on it. What about that living system? And it was another one for me. I had a redesign. And we in his hide that poor guy in Western O'Rust is white and we hide a lot about even having a wife, the whole thing and you notice talk about hide. That's what they do with it when the right wing is doing. They sweep it under the carpet. If the president, uh, if our former beloved president who wasn't perfect, but it helped a lot better what we got now, he's going to little hanky, panky on the side. Who the hell cares? And then we went into a feeding phrase. He went crazy with it. They went crazy with it. They humiliated the nurse and degraded it and with it. And it wasn't anybody's business. They all did it. Nixon had his Chinese mistress and George Bush the first had some thing going on over there and with some Japanese allegedly. Not to mention the kinries. I mean, you and Eisenhower, good old like, who the hell cares who their did on? What does that have to do with anything? But here's a guy who said, and by the way, we know Clinton was a colander. Everybody knew that up up front. They went on 60 minutes. Him and Hillary, the whole thing about Jennifer Flowers and Sherry lied a lot, but never less. And it's still voted for him. But when somebody stands up there, it's super more like Jimmy Swagger. There's another good one for you. And the Jim Baker on and on the list is so freaking long. All these goody two shoes born again right wing, a whole year then now I'm going to tell you how to live Jack asses. These gas holes, man. By the way, I fell in that the other day. It was good. Yeah, that was great. Thank you, Mr. President. I'm going to throw those low prices on a gas for those of our huge gas hole. 117 votes, but I got my bloodbore, okay? I mean, I let him have plenty of time. They started getting hysterical and treating him. But you know, I didn't he? Yeah, he was locked. Oh, well, whatever. Maybe that was the whole purpose of the call because nobody serious could defend Bill Bennett. Nobody. By the way, they had Al Sharpton on there before hyperventilating and quite frankly not as much as I thought he would. What's your take on Neil's cross over the hand? 126 votes. Good boss overturned New York City. There's some stuff going on there. Anybody here? No. What's your take? I love it, 70. It's okay, 45. I hate it nine. It's too long, too. So 8.6% got some kind of a beef with it and the other 90s some. I mean, that's pretty overwhelming in this town. That is where it is. Let's put a line on there to be longer. No. Till till like what? So I was say about the noon would be good. This is Neil rocket hand-pack on a phone. Come on, one. It's five, six, six, six. Oh, don't tell me. Oh, I don't have to. Don't tell me that the audio hold crash that fine piece of equipment will just wait you know it's been coming back lately. Bang on it. Yeah, get away at the suit. A little twist. Call Shelby check your give it a little twist. There you go. You go. See. If you can call me. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to. Wait a minute. I am in town. You can do like this. Well, so what hour? Good night. Hello. I'm the general manager of this radio station. And today is Russia's China, the Jewish New Year. Almost in an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill to our other fates. We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year. Good. Happy New Year. Hey. Hey. Hey. Good to him. Okay. Fair back. Your favorite Jewish rock and roll the stars your band. If Russia sure enough with their famous digital soccer but the synagogue. My brother, I'm back and doing a business with them today. He's a good guy. My brother, my brother, my brother, my brother. Yes, Russia sure enough has reformed every 12 pusher to us up opposite. He drew hiatus. Let's go. All right. He's a good party. This album should be in every Orthodox collection. Rolling stone just as five stars of David. In the one day, one day, the one day, the one day. Who wrote the book of Jones. Star-carpet of synagogue, news from Russia, China, and us. I'm able to have an all-referred source. We'll call Christ when you get here. So, pass over to this album. Hey. He. Oh. Come on. Two or five. You know, even though that call was a Yuck Yuck. I've had so many of those over the years that we're like serious. You know, I don't even know if you were. If you were just stick to the fun games and you're so entertaining and you're so much. If you would just stop with a politics, people would like you so much better. And you can get so much bigger writings. This show doesn't one thing we don't lack for an show is ratings and listeners. Okay. Including a lot of those writers right now. They're saying they're with their finger up each other's butt. My favorite was the old guy that called you. Not too long ago. They ever give the contrary point of view. Yeah. Turn on rush. Okay. He's on right now. Turn on rush and flush and turn on Bill or ride it this afternoon. Somebody's got to be because he's still got that point. Oh, Florida market. He's making a big dent. Maybe he'll say filafel or maybe he'll just breathe heavy for a couple hours. I'm here in 58 votes. What's your take on Neil's cross over with the hump. I love it. 81. It's okay. So see your hang it around in the wrong circles. That's okay. That's what it is. Right. What? Well, there's no doubt about that. Unless you hated it. Right. Remember back at the hockey show day? No. You ripped me for months for daring to say. No, but wait a minute. Wait a minute. If I would have put that pull on that. Didn't we just do that few days ago? Well, a whole thing's deal. I'm talking about what you hate the most. And hockey was number one by a mile. Am I doing any hockey shows? So I even talk about hockey like maybe three seconds a day. And most of that with my legs crossed. The point that I'm trying to make is now like then I was just passing along. What they were saying had nothing to do with my opinion. But now that was people calling the show. Right. So that was calling and saying, what the hell is he doing? Why is he lost his mind? Are you crazy? The worst answer I've actually was going to do. Yes. I was along with him here and has nothing to do with what I think I like doing the crossover bank. When I do the show, I like Hank. Why would I be trying to drive away? Yeah. On other words, when I'm out there, you do it? Of course. I didn't know that because I'm harness racing. Yeah. Tarnished racing. No. When the wonder how do I do harness racing? I mentioned one and it had nothing to do with what kind of racing was I talked about Jackie Lee who is the most Howard David of race callers by the way. He's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of anything you have made a major accomplishment okay showed up that would be like seeing what's you know what do you think of that uh Hagen as banana nut see I 90% said it's awesome man since I know I came talk no more no moss to pay over the six huh since I only have for three hours anyway I think that you guys should do the first hour together look I love Hank I love the crossover but you know as well as I do that when I've been in the middle of the show when I was doing the show in the studio every time Hank came in there it brought the proceedings to a squeaking halt because there are two different topics two different audiences it works well at ten because we're like a where like in the process of changing years you know saying I know between the sports nerd crowd and the between our whatever to help crap we do here every day Lutete right and of course Hank can fit in either mold there he can either do the sports nerd stuff or just be a lunatic you don't have to act much for our just in degenerate gambler so we'll take this poll put the other one back on there about the humorless tight asses at the 1230 so we're all over the place today and it's like three three polls in one day whoo man that's even the brand-new across couldn't well maybe well you've done that in that yeah I have five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the horizon and sing it along this lines come to Q a M hello there is what are we to good cause not as good as that last one before the end of the hour WQ a M hello okay can we continue Q a M hello yes sir hey how are you just to remind that guy don't forget you we are and you can reach among the other hypocrites you don't always criticize everybody else but they are apparently they don't do anything themselves and anything actually it's not that the republicans don't do it and the democrats do it the difference is that the democrats mostly people they don't people criticize other people they tell about how much value they are and do you know they don't think they do it but they don't say anything so we're talking to you to do it as they feel they don't try telling you how good they are they are no more republicans the republican party is a figure the past we are the one on the list of fundamentalist neo-concraft that's taken over the republican there are no more republicans yeah i'll let me at other point you said we were like a kind of a conference with the people from our lack of a general and uh and jr.k.a.k.a series with the guy who just retired a general and we're in my resume yeah and uh and my son he said something to me the fact of uh that people are following me and mom and we're were two don't understand this word and if you thought like he had a petite you can see that man I saw it I know I seen it you know notice it I mean you go into your mouth yeah I thought his I thought his head was going to blow up okay good luck to you paly okay for john McCain let's see look at this from the europe a boss act and a bad boss act and see you can see it here to the center part of his screen and over there in the school bus and they show you some pictures here of some of the injuries that have happened there unfortunately have been numerous injuries about 42 students were on board the bus when this you know i'm excited i know who is driving at bus the same drivers the one that was driving a movie what was that film that was supposed to be so great with the in-home that i told you was so bad in South Dakota where he went up to represent the families of the kids that got killed in the school bus i don't know i told you don't ever watch it it's if you got all kinds of academy water horizon i might watch it so if i don't find out no don't watch it but i've mentioned the problem it was driving at bus she's probably driving this one because at the end of the movie he sees her getting into a bus and driving a bus it's uh kind of don't watch it don't waste your time i'd like to flower as in the attic and before i watch that w2a m hello no how you doing today pretty good pal you two George yes um regard in that guy who call earlier i think it's funny you know he likes your entertainment but he doesn't like your editorial content yeah and you know it seems funny as soon as one of these right wingers exposes what they really are these people go ballistic they can't take it if it was a democrat that said it or it was a democrat and i don't know what he's all worried about because just like with bill or rallying with rush and with all these other right wingers no matter what they do it blows over no matter a moment and the valoury plain thing is you know we talk about that anymore but if uh you know a democrat goes out there and uh gets drunk or gets a hammer or something right away we have impeachment hearings and a whole immediate goes abshman and now we have the another week is coming out of the vice president's office and now we have chanies uh she's a staff and car off i mean i don't know what more proof these people want it this was a Clinton or poor presidency right they would be foaming at them off in the congress or not demanding bill Clinton would have taken us to a war and especially kind of when we're involved in now a quagmar based on a bunch of lies uh he'd be on death row right now guarantee it he would and and i don't know it's so frustrating yeah i'm getting out here for a week now designer america baby okay good luck to the good week right we'll see at the border baby i'm getting out of an orthomeric here for a week going on vacation in uh we can have week from Monday George will be there to answer all your important questions that's right they don't want to hit the cross over with hank that's great you bet well how come then how can we not like what i do it i didn't say that i didn't i didn't i didn't i'm just saying that i know you didn't i'm just saying that i'm just let's see here's the poll who'd you like to see on the justice for the court more conservative there was about 30 30 30 all the way across talking say more than what about to say all in a cable just this group over again there has been by the way yes so we can't talk about drugs and poone like we did then i think it would be way more so in other words it's my fault because i always i mean that's something hank in our or a great or gambling in the general it's that's all i don't think we talked that much about gambling only by 80 percent of our conversation maybe 90 just funny yeah we're having a fine time you know see this is this is what i call making problems when they don't resist i think you're starting after all these years you started your ready for radio management think because that's that's what radio management does better than anything at all is create problems where they didn't exist well i've had my good teachers over the years no i can think of one yeah i can think of one who always was a school with that's my opinion i might as well yeah what's going to be a lot at nine look at the nine thirty we nine thirty over there there was nine over here i read with his and jeet course Greg i mean if you're going to make that list we don't have enough time left in the show today to make the list of all the stuff the bone hit things he's done in fact i really am shocked that that's Sydney uh uh uh frozen bird or whatever that is his name uh that they're talking to with the fan or the ticket i'm surprised he has an item yet maybe something that's who they yeah maybe you can have all those uh appearances at all those bars that we do you know like mad dogs at hudrs you can be out there you're doing a skores uh would mad dog at hudrs have a little half-knowing and score with the mad dog don't have a roll right we not see above his mother b******er say the b****** is b******er and they're all bothered how better gonna say that when it comes to your bag if they baked your board that train right we not see above his mother b******er well and you're staying in love just have a feeling the airway the radio was permeated with the lights doctor Lauraville and Andrea Mike Lugrake and fake polyclared channels often clearly out to make the message clear and the right wing not to see with public in mother b******er there are all right wing not to see the public in mother b******er for all the tables talking in the kitchen to get any of her not an hour to whatever they are told to believe and worship George is there to be right wing not to see above again mother b******er well the democrat who crap their pants like a child that is Gary Boogie a terrible color who should go home and shut up but he's gonna have a clue what he's doing the democrat's have a death wish when it comes to the side move they will run you can color them done if they run Joey remember right wing not to see the public in mother they are all right wing not to see the public in mother b******er who get a dignity but he's a democrat who see humbers just remember what I said when it comes to your back they think you are that trained right wing not to see the public in mother b******er they are all right wing not to see the public in mother b******er they are all the tables talking in the kitchen so what's it we're trying to say 1218 at five sixty nobody who have my cables all messed up again and not for my TV though it's the cable thank god 236 votes on the pool and that's it let's so change the pool let's go back I was the most humorless tight-ass let's go back to that one this is just an intermediate thing to prove that Georgia's full of crap or at least the people that hangs out with their full of crap I've actually Miguel was one of those people no is a Greg and nightybell in the air right I bet you was Miguel okay chances oh I speak in a Maddie Bell and I remember the call we had was it yesterday or the day before about some Julio scene and we got all these Julio's listening and how come it was back in the day when Maddie was our friend before you alienated in by ripping off that treasure island account how come back in the day he used to give us the like an a spring book where's the Hispanic breakdown why don't we have that we used to get it I don't know maybe I'll go for it huh maybe you didn't ask for it well let's get it let's get it today let's see how many Julio's you have out there listen I always say generally my turn man probably an overestimate I think we're either really reaching with that anyway what's your take on the Elz cross over with hang 236 vote I love it 126 it's okay 78 so between those two it's like 87% 80 yeah I hate it 23 under 10% and it's too long a 3.4% so generally speaking I don't think we have like a mean just problem and we could have what would you create one would you like oh yeah we better what could just continue along our merry way I think everything's just fine things will not be fine oh when 60 minutes here is this weekend not in South Florida because it's going to be really okay yeah a lot of of full me and tomorrow going on alien Gonzalez the Cuban boy at the center of an international custody battle five years ago is that they knew television interview that human to tell a president of the delcaster was his friend but also that he hopes to see his family in Miami again despite everything they did it was wrong there's still my family my uncles comes all the same interview with CBS's 60 minutes which released excerpts today for the program that there's this coming Sunday night Sunday night alienito Gonzalez now 11 set off a set of my mom we know about that the boy was returning about that too uh both see it was also very moving to me and I believe I'm his friend uh here in the years since he went back to Cuba alien has been treated as a hero in Cuba with Castro attending his elementary school graduation having him give a highly publicized speeches here on the fifth anniversary of the Miami raid the Miami family remember that Miami family how's Mary's greasy as doing by the way it was also very moving to me and I also believe I'm his friend Gonzalez said of Castro in the interview he said of considers Castro not only a friend but also as a father for your father the boy's aunt Angela Gonzalez told the associated press on Thursday that she wasn't sure whether or what alien said in the interview represented his true beliefs because of Cuba's controls and information he said family members in the US have been prevented from having any contact with the boy since he returned to Cuba we love him he's always on our minds that Angelica Gonzalez who had US custody of alien whose former home was the site of the federal raid in 2000 in the interview in Gonzalez followed some of the US road transactions during this time in Miami they were telling me bad things about my father they were also telling me to tell my father that I didn't want it did not want to go back to Cuba I was told that I did want to go he said he also said he had a hard time sleeping while in Miami well who doesn't I would have nightmares and uncles would talk to me about my mother it was better not to remind me that because it tormented me it was very little he said Ramon Sanchez we know him Ramon Saul Sanchez is not his name I guess yeah don't you remember the one who was out in the boat he was like always out in a boat somewhere all right yeah that's it Ramon Sanchez finally the Cuban exile group democracy movement said he in other Cuban Americans believe that alien is under the control of the government in Cuba obviously what we've seen after he was sent to Cuba is exactly what we feared that he was going to be subjectively controlled the regime and that he would be brainwashed Sanchez it's very hard to determine that if it's his own opinion not thank goodness he wasn't getting brainwashed while he was in Miami remember right I would never say planes if planes take me back to no that's not what you mean alien you mean I was a player I hope it's not going to take me remember that yeah I do I'm not this mold you yeah thank god my people's all messed up still so I'm not saying oh let me just tell you right now if you got mold and milder in Sanchez you got some real tourist there it makes you read it's a really bad bad stuff if you say a lot of people think that they have bad colds and stuff and it's those awful allergies because of the mold and mild you man Florida is a rampant with it's it all over the place in the humidity it is nasty crap and all these people in Orleans they came back if they even had a house left and it was something they're just loaded with mold and mild you man they got the fire to those there oh boy that stuff is so toxic it's almost like working in radio it's toxic how's Joel find Brigham by the way he's just a foreign fire all we're fine Brigham okay we got the other pull back up nice job Eric man he is really doing it the isn't he we put him out of a lot of stress and you're telling me he's not even listening you know the one thing about George man his friends don't listen to the show here the people don't like to cross them or hand when I do it when George does it they'd like it but when I do it they don't like it and I have a type of commands in there for everything that he did on the on the pull because he's on the phone all day he can't listen to the show everything that got switched he's on the phone doing one business I'm sure get out of here he's ordering Chinese are you crazy possibly business by ass who is the most humorous tight-outs just relax out of it he has he up tight-to-date gestures in my imagination he's a little high-strong for fried a little bit high-strong that I would agree with that the most humorless tight-outs probably because I'm going on vacation a week from Monday and I'm going to have to do weeks worth of these shows and yeah I wouldn't blame that most humorless tight-astic chain 115 nobody can touch dick more Howard David is 42 Barbara Bush twenty seven and quarter nineteen Christopher Hitchens nineteen very bonds 18 or some of 15 Louis Veracan 12 Sean 10 10 kind of lesa seven Bill Frist five Lerick in four Don't I'm a three Jim Cantory finally got three when I figured out who he was Bono's got a pair finally Chuck Hitchens got two Pat Robertson one Martha Burke has got one and Bill Bennett has gotten on Bill Bennett's got oh and you know something they haven't got any had to be who he is I thought I used that funny I was sight out of mind yeah really real card oh and maybe like to play cards with it W.A.M. Hello okay good keep trying W.A.M. Hello hey Neil are you doing buddy pretty good good first all that the great poll all the hypocrites those the biggest hypocrites there were was the great fried poll to do so it's just on there for the weekend okay second I think you know the great entertainment on the radio better than stern I really mean it I mean you just tell it like it is and I don't know one problem of your show my friend what is that let's hear it I thought in the ninety five all day long big deliveries in my truck and every once you all have to turn it off it'll up remember to attract again because your show is on Q.A.M. is the only time they don't do a traffic update like every half hour you know what is what is it what it's 15 minutes to do a traffic update so it's guys who are on the road all the time you have to turn the dollar away from your show you have a more kind of traffic update is there between ten and two I mean really there's a lot of accidents that you have to do and make sure you're in a game you want to find that word that you got y'all 95 get a little 41 in university it just help I mean 15 seconds you know any good kid you spot that might just make your show a little shorter that's all that sounds good anything I make sure it sounds good to me it's 15 seconds now or man okay we'll work on thank you we'll work with our crack news department to see what we can do sir it's like a department mostly are I doing crack I just think like clearance probably is a crack problem I was like don't that's what the beast said anyway that's something to think about I think probably not but you know what's that well don't we're going to get that news wiring and we're doing another wire yeah we're going to be we if I didn't have to tell they could just got the cable back on if I had the TV and you didn't have that one there we would have any clue what's going on is local worldwide nationwide you know if I didn't have the internet's here see one thing people maybe don't realize and I'm not looking for a pad on a back I'll do it myself thank you is that during the show every single break every break or least most break unless I'm taking a leak break I'm on the internet and I'm looking like I've got like four or five standard ones where they might have something breaking news like the local of some centroid of her older like a CNN and see if there's something that might be of interest to the public okay and now granted it's not a news station and we don't want to be too newsy for that New Yorker guy why are you so newsy you know but uh is there something going on like when Robert Scott confirmed yesterday we had to 70 to 22 we had listed the Democrats who sold out whatever uh some people might want to hear about that maybe not many but uh so what's wrong with that then so we we have made our own this show exists primarily because of those of us who are there's four of us okay there's me and George and Josh and Booker Brian that's this show am I right yeah five of us there's Eric but he's on the phone all day and the more listen to the show so like I said I score of us or in trying to be five but he's busy ordering our tanks hey Eric get with it sweetheart he's listening I don't know why you say that he's he's guy he's on top of these things uh I have to say that I forget all Benauder shit he gets real surely even he's easier than you do he's so easy you know people are easy to get to I don't want to say oh don't don't don't don't you know and you're the one that got him all Benauder shit and you know something I salute you for doing it because if anybody told you to me if anybody deserved it demand when I got him to the town I had never even laid eyes on him before his muskrat right that's it all you already were giving me the loader and the you were giving me the motag the moped out of the new label yeah how did you sleep last night in a recent national survey by the national sleep foundation fewer than half Americans be porcating good night sleep most nights one of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable supportive mattress like a new Simmons VDS queen said from our good friends at dialometres this Simmons VDS features individually pocket of course you won't feel your partner thrashing around her and right now price is just 599 bucks this is for limited time only so pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress right now and tell me you want the special kneel deal the Simmons VDS for just 599 bucks plus a portion of every dialometres purchase is being donated to her came Katrina relief fund when you call 1 800 mattress you'll get same data every all across south Florida like always by calling that number 1 800 mattress you choose from the deepest selection you still pick the date and time for a little bit of your schedule any day seven days a week a two hour window like noon to two one to three two to four 445 to 645 and dialometres shows up on time 99.7% of the time I've used him for a long long time and you ought to be doing the same like most of the folks at QAM log on to mattress dot camera pick up that phone call 1 800 mattress right now you can have a great night sleep starting as soon as tonight if you make the call now on a great new bed from dialometres the easy piece to shop and instead of the shipping all over town and wasting time and an expensive gas call 1 800 ma ttr ES we've bought the last as because it stands for stew pandas savings this is me who Rogers this is 566 this is 20 Can't escape its heart, no one can't escape my tough life No one can't hide its own time Jesus, be to it, no bride, no one can't escape Jesus, be to it, no bride Oh, right, we'll be with you Jesus, be to it, all right, all three Jesus, be to it, all three Jesus, be to it, all three Jesus, be to it, all right Jesus, be to it, all right Jesus, be to it, all three Jesus, be to it, all three Jesus, be to it, all three Jesus, be to it, all right Oh, right, all three 23, 27, and one, and five 60, every QA, I'm happy Friday to you It's September, it's a movie about 30 men Not 30, is what it is And tomorrow's October 1 and if somebody takes your Parkinson's father like I said before If you go to the ATM to take out some cash And if somebody there who looks really menacing and threatening We're just gonna see like an evil eye Just blow his crap away because they're starting to borrow October 1 And Florida, you can be just about doing anything And don't worry about it, we're gonna let you like a parking ticket or something But then go about it, then shop it for the whole family There you go We tied General says the rack invasion was a strategic disaster How do you like that? Why are you slainting that way? Hey, call up Russian, Riley, and say what are you gonna put Talk about the other side? The other side of Piltoff and the other side of a Micking those pornographic phone calls The invasion of Iraq was the greatest seriously When the numbers come out again On them, did we get the Hispanic numbers in the string book yet? I would have thought muffled to rush right in with that No, I don't think they're all at the lunch Yeah, that's for damn sure The invasion of Iraq was the greatest strategic disaster in the US history And we tied our original city yesterday Strife in an effort in Congress to force an American Withdrawal beginning next year Retired army lieutenant general William Odomy Vietnam veteran said the invasion of Iraq alienated America's Middle East allies Making an harder to prosecute a war against terrorists The war in Iraq has made the war against terrorism The Phantom War against terrorism Eustlis The US should withdraw from Iraq He said and repositioned military forces along the Afghan Pakistani border To capture Osama Vid Laden and crush al-Qaeda cells Why would we want to do that? The invasion of Iraq I believe will turn out to be the greatest Strategic disaster in the US history said Odom Now a scholar with the Hudson Institute Remember Henry Hudson? Remember Hudson's departments during Boston? No. Homeward bound, a member of that song by a Simon Agrafunkl Yes. Homeward bound by partisan resolution with 60 housecoats Bonsons including the role Massachusetts representative Marty Meen Request President Bush to announce plans for a drawdown by December And begin withdrawing troops by October of next year I love that song. The measure is not been voted on or is the House of Public Leadership Scheduled hearings but supporters were encouraged yesterday Pointing to growing support among moderate conservatives And the public's rising dissatisfaction with the war With a murder in the mayhem in the bloodshed and the lies And the dead bodies Meen, one of the first of posate, tiered exit strategy Back in January when few of his democratic colleagues There to wait in the controversial debate Because there are a bunch of voices, spymeless cowards Pointed to enormous progress Talking about this issue having hearings on this issue Getting more Americans to focus on it Or result that they change a policy me and throw the lowle son The journalism commanders on the field and Iraq overwhelming the earth And we need less in terms of occupation and more Iraqis up front And that's the only strategy I think that will result in getting a mercantious back home He'd be Sam. Iced on it. Look at that tell you. 369 votes on the humorless tight ice pool And nobody's going to touch Dick Taney He's out there all my concern. The penguin. Line 9, WCWM hello. Yes sir. Pretty good. Good. I was just thinking about your pull here. Thought the hope has got to be the biggest. I had a little nervous. Yeah. Hope been a dick is it now? Or the pull boy in. Yeah, Pope Rossi and the Nazi right. And the other thing I was going to pull in I think the pressure. She has got to be the most lonely drugged up miserable bitch on earth. I mean, you know, you look at him. He should get that plastic step for a life face all the time. Right. Just abused. Hidden use of a prop. He killed. What would be great if she came out and did a tell all. He's going to happen. Just like he pushes S wife and I spoke to the hero under Pentele of death. Oh, what a I just, you know, these guys. And the only good. Why did the end of the tunnel is a sternith around in the beautiful. Yeah, it is great. It's all the chickens are coming home to roast. Oh, man. I'm going to go again. Say out of the kernel. As the war interact those on. Barbara star. That's a guy. You know, I said, just finally figured it out. You know, the Pentagon correspondent on CNN. Are you watching CNN? Yes, I am. That's a guy. Life, news conference. Defend second. Here's a voice. I mean, I know there are women with some like the voices, but that's definitely a guy. Really? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You could check and find out. Tom 5, 6. Maybe she's from Brazil. That might be. Yeah. I'm going to go there. W2QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Please tell what Josh I'm on a child main. He's going to go second. W2QAM. Hello. Ringing, ringing, ringing, high nail. It's verified when I Josh did something. Yes, sir. What can we do for your beside mental health? What do you got? A couple of colors ago said that he thought that your program is over on one. He thought your program would be better if you had a traffic on day. Yeah. I think he should have like a life. I think he could have a life. So that we can know where it's raining and where it's not. There, there, there, there. We're not. We're called. I think he's a great service. You found. W2QAM. Hello. Hey, New Yorker. Yes, sir. Hey, talking about China. Put the queen. That was a file. Are you doing a voice phone? You're doing a phone? Put your phone. What is it? The queen and put his child. Put them on the pole. Y'all. Good ones. Yes. The British Rural Family. We don't have to put an alley individuals. The British Rural Family. Actually, because you can't because there's, well, what's his name? The husband. I can't think of what his name is. The husband of what? The queen's husband. I don't know. Prince Philip. Okay. I mean, the whole thing, the Gantzimish Fahamander. They're all very humorless and uptight and very, very early. Oh, he's a little prince. Prince Charles is a laugh riot. Yeah. He's a panic. Sir, he's an all of his speech as he always throws huge jokes out there. Well, because he's got those big ears. He looks like he's going to take off in a flight in a second. Is that what's so funny about him? No. Or is it the kills? Is it the kills in the law? Oh, that's pretty much. Is that what it is? You know, sir, so that just kills me. That whole thing, man, the Scottish... I tell the story on the ear. I know I told you about that time a year or two ago. I was with a friend of mine and Amsterdam. Yeah. We got on the... And instead, I don't know why the hell I did it. It was... It was kind of entertaining. Instead of taking the train from central station, the airport out upon leaving, we took the... The bus, the... It's the KLM bus that goes from hotel to hotel. It picks you up and takes you to the airport. And it was entertaining because there was a bunch of scotsmen on there. And they weren't speaking English, not even scourging English, but they were speaking... What is the language? Yeah. Is it... Is it Gailic? I'm just guessing that. That's what I... I think it's Gailic. Like, huh? The traditional Irish language is Gailic. Well, I don't know what the alley were, but they were speaking some other... And they were the soulliest bunch of... It was just unbelievable, just bizarre. So that whole thing with the British Isles, man, the British Isles give me piles. Trust me. Which is really a hootsin' mountain. Well, we like Ray Hudson. He's an Australian, isn't he? No, man. Where is he from? He's from Newcastle, which is right on the border between... How do you know that? How do you know that? Because it's spoken to him. I know that you know that type. There are... He's the one who doesn't like to cross over. He's a little talk of soccer. Technically, the ringland, but they sound Scottish because they're right on the border there. And... All of you do. They like to go. Well, we like Ray Hudson. There's a couple of good brits. Believe me, I have no one or two. Have you? Oh, yes. In the family way. Fair enough. Any floor? How about you, friend? Sit, how's it going? Fair enough. 84 who's the most tumorous Thai to ask other than George. 621 39. Well, how are we? Divided 53. Barbara, boistery, 3. And, quoted 26. Very bonds. 24. Christopher Hitchens. You've got to know who he is. You'll see him. 19. Louis, Fierre, cone 17. Osama, Yamama, is got 16. Condolees, a 12. She is a lacrye. Man, she's a panic. She's almost as funny as cats are lampor. John Pan 11. Bill Fist is got nine. Don, I'm a 7-Gim can to re-for Larry King for now you play it. Pat Robertson, too. Bill Filtbenitz got a pair. And I have a thing they're going to get sliced off pretty soon. Good. Martha Virtue. Bono's got a pair. Chuck Heston, too. The British Royal Family and the Pope, just both of them are there. That's the Carl Almazis. This is Neil Roderick. This is 5. 16. 16. 8. Neil, God! Chuck, about your death-long president's. Oh, you ain't kidding. Good mind, George, you gotta go to Neil Mile. You gotta go home, push that stuff, man, all the bio. But you sure flew quick when it came to sick, Jerry Shavon. Son of a bush is a fool, you're too astatic to buy your own. That's not your just while people drown you play the round of relax and golf over. He was on vacation, RIR, a tease, and not your purple teeth. That's the happened down boots. And no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario. You and the one busy have inferred and rational. He'll investigate, at a later date, that's real bullshit. So, I think it's a way to once that the truth can't lock up, so we don't continue. But no one will get blamed like with Agent Flay, No, his will will. Of course, and as the vis-a-vis slap on the wrist and no charge is filed, what a surprise. And you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new nestle. Nobody, a new getthole a swift in the pole, that's no problem. You fix it, you're spin the she'll deal with new world leaves, because that's their job, as per usual. Son of a bush is a foot in your touch, you're an owl. We just don't understand, you got blood on your hands, but what no brain will have a problem. You made it off the years that these can both deal with, you have no shame. Oh, shame, what's that? And what's with that swear, you stupid jerk, like people have died old. Son of a b-susher, be it, be it, be it, stand ween mean, from tell us all the favor and get them. Now, you're here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, I got the, Emily, I'm gonna kick the speaker close to my TV. Okay, I'm gonna sound like it's feeding back, don't know. I don't know. Does it? Well wait a minute. Let me give it a shot. See, you can bring it. Because you could play it too. That's right, you're a young son. No, it seems my new relative, even though he calls the actions wrong, and the more the five years since the boy went back to Cuba, that's all. I'll do it, and you'll know it in your own most of the time. I think everyone has some far and most notably his trying very hard to keep his life as normal as possible, because everybody knows what he is. Everybody knows his name, everybody knows his face. Obviously, he's changed the lot since we had seen him last, which is five years ago. That's a place that's still the same. You know what I'm saying? He's more grown up, but still the same kid who came ashore on Thanksgiving, 1999. It's been five months in Miami, but for being seen as my friend, all agents in the little hotel, the day before Easter. The life that these soldiers came to get me, you're very scared of it. So, I know it's all, I know I was creepy, and then I woke up. And suddenly I jumped to something strange. And they hit me in the closet. He's out of the closet, he's sent this holding image with being around the world. And when I went to see his apartment, I thought it was a frame, because I thought everybody was going to go to a museum to meet. And he was whispered by a special agent in his wheelchair. I thought he was a little shy, but I thought he was a little shy. I thought he was a little shy, but I thought he was a little shy. He was so good as a very confusing time, and he says it's not a very happy time. So, the image says, he really wanted to be in school, with his mates, with his friends. And he didn't write being cooped up in the house. He became something of a prisoner for all sorts of reasons. I think there was so many people around the house all the time. Then he was cooped up in the house. He just wanted to be out in the woman being in school, with his friends. He looked like that, even when I was happy. He was like, okay, he's well fed. He's got jealous here. How have you seen it? Yeah, that's all that piece they showed it on the news the other day. You know what? We just did a great few of the service there by playing. Oh, great. So I don't forget 60 minutes, Ali, I need to know this Sunday. There's going to be a lot of those green two people all up. I said like roll, saw, saw, roll, saw, saw, saw, saw, saw, or Sanchez, and you're right, you're feeding back, or that's a weird sound coming out of that. Wow, but if you can see what I was doing there, I'm holding the speaker like, halfway across the room and say, my coordinates are to be untied. We would like to. We'll get you a what can. So we can see what you're doing. No, you won't. 426 holds on to pull by the way. See, we're making a little comeback now after the first bad pull. A Josh came up with, well, you know, he's always got to get the guys on there. You know, before me, you were out taking a, you're doing a doose and I said, and Josh, he came in this morning. I said, I said, I said, your check is in the mail and I, like that. Well, he didn't want it. He was actually jumping. That was the noise that I made, but if you saw the fist pump over here, yeah, this fist pump thing. I didn't tell him how much it was or where the decimal was. I can always change it. And he just, I don't know what his story is, Matt. I think we're spoiling him a little bit. I think he needs a little bit of the rough treatment, okay? Stick him out of the overpass this weekend with Beiner Boy. Oh, yeah. And hit him over the nagging a couple of times. Maybe we can get him to hit him to floor two and he's lost this show. I wouldn't stick him with Beiner Boy for the rough treatment. Now, I'm trying to remember, I've tried to erase that from my memory. We're always, I was, I, I, were you doing the show when that happened? Yeah, you were on vacation. Oh, I was on vacation. Well, thank God for that. I should know how to pick a baby. Yeah. Yeah. And then I had to come here and do a show, right? Poor Beiner Boy, like, collapsed right there on the floor. I can't imagine what that could have been. Anyway, and as I was just saying, the only moments to go and ad campaign by gun control advocates is warning Floridians about the new law that allows victims to shoot first and self defense, okay? And that's all it says about that. I'm sure there must be something else that's in a Harold. That's not the only law that hits the book tomorrow. Another 33 rules and regulations going to effect. Here is one to remember, it says, your friends at the Harold. Finds for running red lights will increase from 60 to 125 bucks. The initial money will go to medical centers that treat trauma victims. So in other words, when you run a light and you like run somebody's life, and turn them in like Swiss cheese, the extra money will go to like keep them alive. Other new laws that take effect in Florida tomorrow, prohibit intentionally harming dogs or horses used by police, firefighters or search and rescue teams, offenders must pay for the medical treatment or a new animal, if I can no longer perform its duties. Recreate that drunk drivers, which suspended a repo license, is we knew their vehicle registration every six months, rather than every year, once they can drive again. A lot of prosecutors and charges in the same with merving an unborn quick child in some cases when a pregnant woman is killed, an unborn quick child. What does that mean? I suppose to a slow child. Oh, previously, a person who feels afraid of woman could only be charged with manslaughter for the death of her fetus. The law doesn't define quick child, but of course, it's said it's when a mother can feel the fetus moving. I say, got it? Got it. Recreate cigarette importers and manufacturers to get a permit and pay an annual fee of $100 in an effort to curtail on lawful traffic of untax stagots. A reason reports a legal cigarettes were the top seized products in the USA, and increased the penalty for drag racing from a second degree for first to remister meaner offenders could spend time up to one year in jail for the first time they could cut. I'd lose their cars a second time. Most laws passed earlier this year took a facial life first, but these take effect tomorrow. Including the new law that allows victims to shoot first and self defense. If you see some of it looks dangerous, low as crap away. You don't ask any questions. It's not really gives you like the evil eye. It's something crazy like muscle in front of you in the line at the supermarket. If you're like in the drug store, it looks like they're going to take your drugs. That's it. Hey, you're a person's angst. Did you not get a copy of the flyer that the Brady Bill people are turning up? No, you did not. All right. How would I get that? I just figured it was part of that story. It's all over my Yahoo. I'll fix it right to you. Well, facts. It's to me. How am I going to be getting that? I'm so out of touch. No. That's what I'm going to get. That's why a friend Tom Jekis is about a touch. Hey, Tom. Touch this ball. He used silly keeps right in those boilerplate articles about this TV show and that TV show. I'll tell you one thing. Those Hollywood people should get their money's worth from winding and dining that geek. Somebody buy a Tom or radio, okay? Somebody who I am, hello. Who I am, hello. I'm Tom. Someone who I am, hello. Somebody who I am, hello. It's raining in East Ialia, 10 inches, 93, and the traffic is light. Okay. Thanks, Mr. Patrick. Thanks, Mr. Patrick. You're calling you with the traffic and weather report. Traffic and weather together. Well, I'm telling you if there's one thing I can't stand. It's stations that use a traffic and weather together. What would it send me? Well, it would get in my ass. Oh, I hate that. Someone who I am, hello. Hey, Nia. Yes, sir. I got one for the pan. You guys think you're barking up the wrong tree, man, yeah? What kind of a dog is that? It's a... Oh, my, I like those. Okay, go ahead. I was going to make a joke. Okay, well, we don't want to hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, but I'd tell you one thing. This is an incoherent Friday. Make no mistake about it. No wonder. See these people are getting ready for tomorrow, okay? In fact, a lot of these people are called today. If you see them over the weekend, that's it. Yeah, we have our permission. And your friend asked Governor Hill get your off the hook for all time sake. No problem. WDQAM, hello. Neil is the O-China original guardler. WDQAM, hello. Oh, thank you. What did you get in the house himself? I like him a lot better. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I have a remark and one for the poll. Yes. First of all, I'll use a hand on your crosshold. Yes. I'd like to try and talk. And the trouble with these young punks is they've never heard of Damon running it. Yeah. You know, when you ought to take their alcohol. Or call Gunner. I don't want to make call Gunner. I think we don't know a bunning if they get one under big toe. Okay, what's for the poll? Prince Albert of Monaco. Oh, yeah, but I do like his tobacco. This is Neil Roger. This is 560. 880. We got this guy down. The one I'm up in Boca, Tika, slapping all the women with pink hair lifts around the poll. I listen to the Neil Roger's one to two of them. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the Neil Roger's hair and balance one to two hours. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, right. When Bill or I, Lee's dialin' sure he isn't fair and fast, he'll tell you if you like your job. Then you'll give him a laugh dance. And if you tell the old Riley, you're not looking to be kiss. He'll do the pan-thrite of you, and call you an extortionist, all the factors fair and balance. For God when he calls at night, he's looking for a lassie, who likes it a little too, who's a rite, but when Bill or I, Lee's 40, sure he ain't gonna know his face on, so when Bill or I, Lee's dialin' you best not take up your phone. I'm dialin' over here. Nobody says I'm dialin' over here. One, one and five, six, you swing away with his face from Al. First of all, I don't know why it says question only, not for broadcast. Why, why would we, is this a secret or something? First of all, no. Maybe he's a little, there's no such thing. There's no such website as that one's got on here. We don't have any auxiliary or, that's a pop-up that happened to him. Right, a pop-up from MS. He'd be using, if you'd use, as a fire fox, instead of internet explorer, you wouldn't begin all those pop-ups, okay? Because when you use a explorer, you get all pop-ups, all of them play. So, no, there is no such a website affiliated with us. Thanks a lot, Al, for carrying so much, carrying out this in you very best. We don't charge people to read the material on our website, or like to look at it, or squeeze it, or whatever, you know? Right, that whole concept. It's just like these, I'm not gonna go into it. Why even bother? New Orleans Police Phase Looting Probe, four New Orleans Police Officers have been suspended and one has been reassigned over allegations of looting, and the chaos of post-terracaine Katrina according to Police Superintendent Warren Riley. They sent these police departments investigating reports that at least 12 police officers may have gone on a looting spray, and then they said after the storm hit, I wonder what Bill Bennett would have to say about that? There is zero tolerance for misconduct, after unprofessionalism by any member of this department said Riley, probably one of these can-to-requirely. Promising Swift that the Sys of Action Against Violators, the officers are always too taken, but you know how I got rid of that ring on the phone on the thriller? Yeah. I'll take it once again. I'm pretty eft. Again, I'll pet myself on the other side of the back. Pretty good at this stuff now. Put them together, the whole studio. I mean, you know, fat, who'll be okay, my fear, and removed, I gotta say that. And they put this whole thing together. After our good friends from the station here, put it all in, put together. But now it's pretty much like I'm, like, do it yourself for a radio station. What do I mean? Come down here and get this filed a credit. No. Now you could have put a period after the come down there, and let's see, what is this? Say, uh, oh, wow. What a nice guy. What a nice message. Thanks a lot Steve. I'm sure not listening, but thank you so much. See there are some nice people in Florida. Where? I'm not telling you. At any rate, that's some good news. I just got on the fax machine. And you're not gonna find out. I'll tell you a Monday morning. It's just something important. It is to me. It is not to you. Just a little piece of good news. Anyway, the officers are led to taking on essential items like TVs or jewelry, or if not, or it's not a fact of it against looting. The more than 2,000 men in women at this agency standing, they didn't not letting a very small segment of members tarnish the great reputation of this department. Where I was said, he ended. They should be commended for 30 days. Not 30 days. Not 30 days. And then his challenges. Also yesterday, Riley called the reports in some 250 officers didn't report for. Simply not true. He said, list of those officers was being examined. Why identified his orders along with that somewhere on the job for the off the jumper legitimate reasons. When we lost telephone service and radio communication, some officers were stranded on their rooftop for four or five days. Stranded areas around the water due to rising water or this place. See, this is the problem. Everybody wanted to jump to rush to judge me. You know, rush to judgment. Oh, they didn't show up. They must be, you know, screwing off. They must have abandoned the, well, all of these things. What they don't realize is that cops and like a lot of other were people are human beings too. And they got the same problems. They have needs. Okay. They have to go to the floor for a moth and they're starting to get they have needs just like everybody else. I sure hope they're using body wash. I wouldn't have been nice thing to bring in there. They were probably, uh, loot and some of it. Now, seriously, when you think that would be a nice thing for some of these big companies, palm olive and all these other to sit in a bunch of body wash, you don't want to use soap and that environment. I could have a night or truck of it delivered. Take a tank or truck and send a whole bunch of and just stick along to you. It would like smeared all over everybody. Somebody wash. It could look people like run under it. It's like we let Bill Bennett run under a, a Mack truck would be good. 462 boats and I pulled the biggest, uh, the most tumorous tight ass and we got some very good names under it. A lot of tight asses around. Doug Thompson of the capital hillbilly, you're very favorite columnist. I think I think he's moving into your top five anyway. All the time. He's good. A sick dying elephant he writes today and he happens to be as usual. That's the lootly correct. That giant stuff and the other thing about his car, He sesame safe to move, heck, he highly hurt Or it's cool. He owns her to wash in, ah, he is lying about nose and feet anyway. Graciasbyaaah, I recall that o it taking me a couple days and uh, I see, he's actually still involved and shut up into the African capital. He usually always if heauso touches him and just grab a little blame goodness. He's a little fool. Notice, hm, what a nice thing to do while in a m time. Not only have a guy sitting near a sock and she comes to six g here and pick to cuddle. The mountains all to other The inflation is an natural occurrence when bloated egos in Oregon's good out of control. The GOP's bubble had to burst and indictment of the party's chief crook the bribe-taking vote-selling host majority leader Tom Delay provided a pin-pric that said all that Republicans hot air cascading through the halls of power. The delays indictment is far more than just an alien of another corrupt politician. It's a signal that GOP dominance in the capital may be an endangered species, a sign that 11 years of running roughshot over the constitution, allowing the extremist elements to run the party and arrogantly thinking they're above the laws of the nation and decency are over. Oh wouldn't that be great? Just a few months ago, Republican arrogance wrote high in Washington, Bush won the election not much where what he did write for four John Kerry did wrong, and Republicans in the House and Senate pledge to ram Bush's accumulation of political capital down America's throat. No more, Bush's political agenda looks like the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Katrina. His losing Iraq war leads a growing list of liabilities that has other Republicans scrambling for political cover. The president's blank cheques spending policies and forced the deficit to record levels, and the Republican run Congress's done its part passing a poor-colladen transportation bill that will keep America drowning and writing and bacon fat for generations. Red, Inc. and Bacon fat. What a breakfast, Inc. and Bacon. Bush's law social security reform plan is DOA, which is no great laws. His plan unworkable from both practical and political viewpoints never addressed a real professional, a problem-spacing the program. America remains locked in its most senseless losing worsens Vietnam, and Hurricane Katrina debacle provided a proved the government stacked with political hacks cannot function in times of crisis. Pulse show Bush's job in approval ratings had record lowest most Americans want the country out of Iraq, and do you have any confidence in either the president or the Republican controlled Congress? To the few remaining supporters of the GOP's failed policy, the Tom Delay indictment for critical conspiracy feels like piling on, kicking a sick dying elephant when it's down on his knees. To bed, the world has earned indictment of a known political crook is not the end of the GOP's problems. Senate leader, a Republican leader, Bill Frist, faces investigation for unloading his hospital corporation's stock in an insider trading field, the same kind of fact had action-intended Martha Stewart in the slimer. The grand jury investigation of the White House outing of covert CI operative Valerie Plain, who just happened to be the wife of an administration critic, may end with indictments of at least two senior administration officials. Can you say Scooter-Lubby? Erickens has a way of bringing payback in Washington. The Democrats got there as in 1994 when 40 years of arrogant leadership of Congress brought out enough voter anger to hand both the House and Senate over to the GOP. Republicans yet a study history learned from the Democrats' mistakes, but they too fell under the spell of Washington's madness of power abandoning all the promises from the so-called contract with America and proving that the elephant can be just as big a jackass as a donkey. Republicans may fight away out of the morass, but I doubt it. The failed or extremist policies of the GOP and the rabid right wing that controls the party have plunged American doing ever-expanding sinkhole. When the president of the U.S. calls a bribe-taking corrupt politician like Tom Delay, a good friend and effectively to renconvers, you know the Republican party is its currently organized as beyond hope or redemption and deserves every vial thing that can and should happen to it. Oh, I like this price so much. They deserve it, baby. They got it coming. Stick it to him. I want to see you just facts me just think about the shoot first law. Thinking about a Florida vacation has got a picture of the state of Florida there. We should be turned sideways and it looks like two things one of which we can't say the other should have been done. We don't have to turn sideways. It's a nice grip right there. Oh, I see there he goes again. Nice grip right there. We just stop. Man, but I need to have a conference with you in Joyce. Oh, I love that. Thinking about a Florida vacation question mark, please ensure your family is safe. A new law in the sunshine state authorizes nervous or frightened residents. I thought that said red next for a minute. Red, well, residents to use deadly force. In Florida avoid this field. It's the price. Special caution in arguing with motorists on Florida roads. Police and prosecutors are concerned about the potential for unnecessary vialings. This is the Brady campaign. Travellers being, and that's not Tom Brady. Travellers being very aware of Florida's shoot first law. Shoot first law.org is the website. And you know, the Brady campaign there, which is kind of like a piece of the American flag. That does look like the Patriots logo. I mean, you're out of the uniform. Right? I'm not a huge on Josh. You show it to him. Speaking of Florida panders. Yeah. I got my my credential for some reason. Yeah. He can go really dark on now. Hang out at the games. So, I was going to go and eat my tickets. You can go in there and you can hang out with your ones. Oh, you know, it doesn't matter when to a seat though. Oh, it doesn't? No. What about in our first we had we have that box up there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I don't want to be looking at some tickets. Just realize to see. You didn't check this morning. That wasn't good enough. Right away. Okay. And now, you know, he's got it. See, spoiling man, all the free food, all the stuff. I guarantee that tomorrow is don't take care of no way we do. He's got a pay for his food up and that's they can press by to watch him lose the love and the water be day. And I write you got to pay for the food up there. Seven bones and the best part of it is that the food sucks. That's the worst part. While we don't like getting that we don't like getting suspended like the Humper. You can't complain about the food in the stadium. We don't get pissed off. Well, guess what? We don't really care because we don't own the panthers. We don't own the who he can. We don't own anything that we got on our radio station. No more last time I checked. Does he don't own the marlins? So screw in. Screw you Wayne. You jackass. You simple then. You fair. What I was for his kid. So tired of him. Oh, Neil Rogers will never be on WQA because he criticizes Wayne Hartzinga and Wayne will never put up with that right. And they'll lose the dolphins. You don't want to be some lost dolphins because Greg we decided not to pay for when I have many dollars a year to the flaky down in total and they put the hours during show on. Which and that was about the only blessing of that whole deal. You know it. Plus the fact we got the work like two and a half three hours every day. Yeah, miss those days. Oh, you know what round Donner said you don't know what you got until you lose it. Man, we'll see right. Any other summer I think he's dead. Let's play that song. Let's see which version of that one's better for today. He'd take yesterday or I thought that was fun. Marvin Gaye and Ben whatever his name is. Hart, I thought that was fun. Park. They hit anything that's just you know it's not their music and it's you know it's not a music show. We don't like that. We don't like that song anyway. We hate it. We don't like that mode town. I wonder if Bill Bennell is more town. You know we have to I see a lot of some are between him and Mo. Yeah. In fact you know what I say it changed the name of he used to be Miami and Allison somebody came to tell me. It's called Motown. But wait I don't want to hear that again. When you stop please please. For a man no wonder your wife hates your life boys in the 479 votes. What is the most who is the most humorless guy that I stick to any 168. Moh Howard David in 72. He's the guy that invented Motown. Barbara more 36 and 432 Barry Barnes 31 Chris of Richens 21. Kind of Lee is moving up a little bit. 19. Osama Yamama 18. She moved ahead of Osama Louis Ferrican 18 17. Sean 10 13. Bill Fist 12. Don I'm as a Larry King a the British royal family without the R the finish royal family six Pat Robertson for Jim can't do it for the Pope Scott 3. I thought he only had a pair. Borrow's got three Chuck Heston 3 Bill Bennell Scott a pair and Martha Burst Scott a pair even but they still all had a play. Oh, I got you a spot. You said get so whipped up with us. The nice of the color of the law isn't are we to the first house. I grabbed the right to remain stream. That was a beautiful. Okay. Marlins could use me there. So if some Marlins in the Braves the last three games of regular season for your Florida Marlins and then you know a lot of pitching and owning and complaining. I thought they had a pretty good year. I mean it wasn't what they expected down troll had that jet what even 22 23. Yeah 23. And so what's not to like and he'll be pitching one game this weekend right? Yes. He has a shot to win the sion. So yeah. No, no question about he's going to win the sion. He's going to say no question about it. Go for 24 baby. Why who else is going to win it Chris Carpenter? Get out and he had Chris Carpenter. If I were a Carpenter man by what given the sandwich. 1114 speaking of food the Emerald Coastist Florida's number one aging gourmet buffet has rated by yours truly and buys you get restaurant review. You asked for it now every Friday through Sunday night like this weekend. Lumps to a fest is back by popular demand of the Emerald Coast featuring main lobster served thermodore style. And of course you can still enjoy crab fest every night with the last skin snow crab legs dungeon is crab, Jonas Stone crab. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different items. About 30, maybe when in Terry Bradshaw there are Greg Reed but I hope not. In addition the Emerald Coast has got hand-pired prime rib and from their flaming grilled juicy succulent New York state's cooked just the way you like them. They just a sea of food when you walk in the Emerald Coast and then after this big pick out top off dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate found where you can hand-pired your own strawberries, marshmallows all kinds of dick and things just stick them right in there. Don't forget the Emerald Coast promotes only healthy living with cook all air fine cuisine with cholesterol freaking over. Although MSC and no cornstarchs, no crab. You're just walking out of there with a big smile on your face and a big fat pupic too. Look your reservations for this weekend. Anytime soon at one Emerald Coast relocations you'll find them in tempered pine, Sunning House Beach and of course in sunrise for the Emerald Coast 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. This is a meal rusher. This is 5-16-2-8. Five. Oh, what in it last? I can get a little piece of place. Wow, I'm so hungry. What are you doing here? I don't know. When I went to the here I thought I'd open and dressed up like honey, demon, but that's for you. What's in me in it? Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. So a 1995, so if that's a... a lot of the all-ty Time, it just sort of took my ears in mystem. Fierce Luxembourg? Margaret Carlsen right now, you know who Margaret Carlsen is probably not, no, because you know Maatsowemosho's on Sunday, like the one on, what's that? Let's see, and that she's always on a panel with Bob Novaq. By the way, how come Bob Novaq's not in Azeriq her yet? And H  slices on, It's silly gobble to Glasses. Anyway, she's always on her good level. Galima, I'm Margaret Carlson. She's great. We like her a lot. Was she's liberal, you know? She's a communist and deputy Washington bureau chief for time magazine and now is a communist for Bloomberg News. She writes Bush's presidency is exposed in crumbling, crumbling. First, there was a grumbling and other crumbling. Back in the days when President George W. Bush preferred his endless summer at the ranch to storm chasing, few mistakes stuck to him. He was like the guy who drove through the car wash with his top down but never got wet. No weapons and master's trust in the country were stuck in. You must understand he really thought they were there. At this year's White House course, Fundance Association's dinner, Bush showed a video of himself pretending to look for the weapons under his desk. Oh, what a difference a hurricane makes. Katrina exposed something we couldn't know before. Bush's plan made it would keep us safer than that. Wish you was your senator from squishing Massachusetts's false. Not only are we not safer than we were before Bush took off as we're worse off. FEMA as its Katrina response made tragically clear is a mess. The Department of Homeland Security, which Bush built from scratch, is mainly known for a color chart, wasteful spending, and mixed back of airports creators and a new chief who didn't know the New Orleans Superdome was filled with starving homeless hurricane victims. Here in Washington, there's no feasible evacuation plan if terrorist struck the President and Vice President would helicopter out. The rest of us, and that includes many members of Congress, would be stuck. I picture myself with duct tape and saran wrap, huffling in the basement or in a VW with a leaking sunroof idling for hours on the 14th street bridge. The White House press, which laughed at Bush's video has been rightly chastised for turning out full reports on what the President is wearing eating or chopping. Now they're pounding away at his multiple fuel squad wearing trips to hurricanes for can regions where he can repair little but himself. A full report on September 26th today, Bush discovered energy conservation suggested we all forego non-essential driving. VTL, the gas sucking trippy took that evening at dinner, five blocks away from the White House, common during five sport utility vehicles, four of hands and two limousines that kept their motors running for the entire duration of the meal. Until recently, Bush has added two toward governing. It's easy, don't sweat the small stuff, do it on the tip, was tolerated if not admired. Why not tick Michael Brown, a guy who knows a guy, even, to run a life in death agency like FEMA? Why not after he screws up big tank, praise him? Why not after you find an easy mile, keep him, keep paying him as a consultant? 147,000 a year, by the way. Yeah. At the Kabuki Haringes two days ago, that pretended to get to the bottom of the FES, go Republicans who had been given the word by Carl Rob de Constantin for it on skick-going, and swift-goating Louisiana's Denver Credit Governor Kathleen Blanco, were shocked by Brown's arrogance. He said faith-based institutions, not FEMA were supposed to help low-income people, and he warned the folks higher up in the food chain that FEMA was amaciated. In one Rodney King, Momeny said everything would have been fine if only Louisiana officials had all gotten along. It didn't work. When Republican Christopher Shaze off-road script said he was glad that Brown was gone, Brown lied, I guess you want me to be this superhero that's going to step into instantly take everybody out of New Orleans. The unmasking of Brown may force Bush to withdraw the nomination of another pal of a pal to head off a crucial agency immigration naturalization. We here at King Julie Myers, General Richard Myers-Neece, and the wife of Chief of Staff of Homeland Security and Michael Shirtoff, would have sailed through. It wouldn't have mattered before, but now her non-relative experience working on Bill Clinton's impeachment, and her lack of relevant experience working on immigration may hold her up. In the realm of when it rains at poor, as other pillars of Bush's carefully constructed world are crumbling. The latest is Tom Delay, the majority leader who yesterday was embedded for campaign contributions, that helped give Bush former Republicans in the House of Representatives. In Bush's hand-picked cinematority leader Bill Fist wouldn't be taking quite such a public if his sale of stock in his family found an HCA ink and happened during Bush's glory days, both the Justice Department and the Security and his change commission are now investigating. First, who always contended he didn't even know if his blind trust held HCA stock had an imminent need to sell what he didn't know he owned just before his price to almost 10% of summer. He may not be Martha Stewart, but his new fund is thereafter two terms and office to avoid a conflict of interest when he considers healthcare legislation no longer gets a pass. In your mojo fades take little things mean a lot. Two days ago White House press spokesman Scott McCulland said the president is so gone home on saving energy this after a previous spokesman said Bush's answer to the prospect of energy conference conservation was a big an old. He's personally reminded staff to turn off the lights and printers and copiers and computers when they leave the office. Someone should remind the president of an earlier chief executive who declined was hastened when he made a point of turning down the thermostat and dining a cardigan. When you elevate the trivial to policy because the meaningful stuff has gotten away from you, someone will soon be turning lights out for you. It's Kathy soon. I'll do it again with that left wing spin high. I went over that. Yeah, flatten it again. Okay, I'm like those very journalists, so spare and balance here and was like, I think that rush and the bill are Rally. Bill, oh, scuder Libby. Bill, that as soon as I received a personal. There's a Jewish woman from the source that I was able to talk to him and talk to the source about my testimony. It was only then. The source. And as a result of the special prosecutors, a grimmant to narrow the focus of the inquiry to focus on the way on that source that I was able to turn to. I testified as soon as I could and I will ask you to please address the questions to which I was not a party to my life. Which you have a conversation you were starting to do on this level of this for help. And you and that face concerns of the court surgeon. You said out here, when that was out there, but you answered with the print. You said no way that was your subject. No, I said I had not received a personal explicit voluntary waiver from my source. What I considered that was my position. And I said it many times. I said it before I went to jail. I said it when I was in jail. You know what I said? What are I going to do? What happened to the next? And but you have a good time in there, huh? You're fair. I will let people through other own conclusions. I know what my conscience would allow. And I was I stood fast to defend. The other one is the first of all. What is really all about? Why would you ask for money so important to Mr. Fitzgerald? I you'll have to ask Mr. Fitzgerald why I said go ahead. Okay. I think we're going to go. Okay. I think we're done. Yeah. Get a little bit too close to me. No matter where I stood or let me. Okay. Well, I want to be something where all these people lined up like behind bars. The whole bunch of them. Hey, don't tease. The whole year's stuff. 127 at 560 speed to be behind bars. The girl in my shoes is going to be filling in for the moment. It's absolutely absolutely. That should be real tweet. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 Q. My junior, honey. Oh, yeah. What come from power for Texas? We're going to talk on my name. All they died in the way is he had a high race pass for the G.O.B. Old cuts. They not don't put no blame on me. But they come from my vacation for a photo of her tuna team. Swing your partner round and round. Now, do a little swim into the war with scouts. Come to the left to the back and we go. Swing a little mud top, though, so go. Old cuts. They not like in those people's feet. The person will be easy and updated. It depends on your life. Hey everybody, I'm Brown and Brown. A countable for everybody, Brown and Brown. As a human being, I'm a big disappointment. But I got a brown nose and I know that if I hit, there was no rules to get them saved. They don't broke the public in any way. I did everything. I possibly can. The showmaster for all the club's plan. All one of the job I had as a vector of free for the 49's. Which for them will be so the steamer and the clueless son of a pig. Here, his his sticks round, nose and the bridge. It's his big round nose and the bridge. New Orleans is wiped out in calm. With double use and I did one heck of a job and a short pays off. To be a brownie and another white-based, Christian, funny, the national guard is down and down. With orders just to get the press out of town. Everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything near is paid paid over hurricane. They must stop ABC for the old console. And so sure, it should be a real public and free. It's paid paid. Jesus will be our lord and team. Praise Jesus for the power lord and team. Battleboarding, compassion, what we have that. It turns the right to have this black's. And you descend to say it's a national disgrace. They shouldn't have a black in the first place. This is no time to blame the brain game. Since we know that every piece is caused by a disease. Who are not the right by a homo? Light straddy with clearly then carol's gold. All where a TV player of America is right winged dream. You pay to everybody. Life like me. And there's no mention of a thing. A saluted tape job. Brown nose and the bridge. Poor how I was standing by your grave in horses. My father's you that watch floating or this homo negligent. Burn over now. And I'll keep going down to keep my nose round. I'll take legit. Burn over now. But I'll keep going down to keep my nose round. Nice morning. I have a job, Maggie. It's a 133 Browning. But every day is hound. 534 h. That's not too bad considering one. Does it about the eighth one we did today? Right? 534 h. The most humorless tight ass. Well, we do this cover is that that cross over with anything like it. It's okay. Good. They're not peeled about it. Just that George is a little circle of friends. No speaking in glazing. They don't get it. That's right. Probably anti-Somantic too. All of these things. So who was it in the building that told you that he did that cross over What's it all about? Why not? Just give me one name. Huh? I don't know. Come on. I don't know. I don't know anybody in the building who listens to the show. The thing that I'm here originally is this is what I'm hearing. You're the one that you've got to know. You're hearing that where you sit inside the building. That's not what I said. But that's part of what you said. That's the only part where you sit. Right. Okay. So in other words, you just why not take the fifth and so you just make it a story. You don't know. You're the one that kept throwing that one in the building thing. No matter how many times they try to correct you. Right. So in other words, it's just your friends who don't like the end. And you're friends who listen to the show. And again. Yeah, are you following this? Not like you're right. Is there a stereo here? People are running to people who know who I am. People who know. Wow. Like, like, who give me a sound like. So UPS driver. Oh, who cares about the UPS driver? This is a real hell of a guy. It was in my friend. It's a trust me. If there were show listeners, they wouldn't be my friends. What does that mean? That means they were show listeners. They wouldn't be your friend. You know how that goes. God. You know how that goes. And I've tried that out. Do you want to go with these Josh? You have any idea what he's talking about? What? I think he means like the chronic that listen to the show doesn't necessarily. Well, the chronic, right? This is a car. Is that they're always easy? He's still having separated the cars. You've just took too many of those appearances, Mr. You've just had too many of those, uh, brown bag loses with a guy with a fan. Yeah, there you go. And a guy with the eyes. They're much about that. Well, there you go. It's a good thing you're taking a rest from those right now. Yeah. Thanks to fat boys running out of the bus. Anyway, who's the most tumorous tie-to-ass we asked 500 and some on board. 541. Dick Kenny 182. Boy, oh boy, he is off on a class of his own. He's probably having some more than energy meetings. Now, by the way, new high gas prices average 281 a gallon for regular. Thank you again, Mr. President. You were gas. More Howard David at 77. Barbara Bush 40 and quarter 38. See, I really don't care about it. It's just that you get so defensive about it. Great. But I get defensive about it. That you make up things all the time. Right. Well, just like what you said about Josh before he came in this morning. I'll make a statement and you'll see the opposite of whatever I said on the area. You'll make stuff right. Throw it in this. Because it's reasonable if you can also kind of commend our shape. But what's wrong with that? Plus talking behind my back. That's mentioned that. And quarter 30, very balanced 32. Kind of leaves it aside with Christopher Hitchens. Oh, maybe we can hit the two of them. Although I'm T.C. once that. 22. I'm serious. You've got to see Christopher Hitchens. Just once in your life. He's got that I'd love to. I want to see that debate that we get away. Well, maybe we can find a line somewhere. Do a little Google on George Gallo. Or you right in time. Just try over to Gallo. I wrote Google in there. Lewis Ferrican and Osama, you mama, 19 to peace. Tyras, humorless. Sean Penn 15. Bill's this 15. Especially now. The finished real family. Don't I miss eight Larry King eight. Probably had a good meal together. The British real family. They all had that British constipated look. You know, like they're like their stuff don't stink. And well, maybe if they never let it out of my. Pat Robertson seven, the Pope five, Charlotton, Heston five. Well, what a good pair they would make. They could go out like shooting target practice. Jim Canterrey for Bill Benetree. Bono three and Martha Burke two. Martha Burke grams with your. Now she's one of my two under five in a boys. That's all a trend with that. I guess they didn't look all like a movie. She didn't look all like good thing. And playing with the boys. A judge in the arc has ruled that pictures of a wrecky inmates abused by US troops should be released. This was the other day. But I didn't have one. Actually, this is today from the BBC. I was at the end of the show yesterday. I remember I couldn't get this to print out. You remember that? Yeah. Well, here it is. The judge made the order after request by the A.S. You asked us to 87 unseen images. This to a judge, Alvin Howardstein rejected government arguments that this could fuel anti-U.S. Feelings pictures of a wrecky inmates being abused at the Abu Ghara. Rab jail and Baghdad last year caused an outcry around the world. 70 West soldiers have been jailed, including the latest. Linda England, Georgia's girlfriend. And it's got a it's got a picture of there where she's doing the old. She's got a picture of her. Yeah, you're not going to be like, oh no, you're the old. The ruling represents a huge potential embarrassment for the US administration says the BBC's year may cook in New York. The government has 20 days to consider an appeal. In a first reaction to the head of the US central command general John Abizade said Publication of war pictures could disturb reality. When we continued to pick into the wounded, show the pictures over and over again. It just creates the image which is a false image that this is the sort of stuff that's happening in New and it's not general Abizade be saying. However, the US commander in charge of the Abu Ghara at the time of the scandal. So concerns that the images could trigger an upsurge in violence should not be overplayed. Certainly, I'd be concerned about it be equally concerned that the pictures had not been released and you will love him to any opposition to say, but there is more. Guess who said that? Oh, you won't believe in she's been out of our minds for so long. And out of our hearts, you'll ever guess. Jan is over a pinch. He told the BBC today a program. I think it liked that. And there's COVID-19. World War Man. Not all wrongly come to the nation. I'm here with you. We're in the case of the part-time. And we'll change our whole brand. With some better one too, we said. We're sure it's there. We're in the right, we cost we eight times. All something that we know they've been up to. And we'll shift our lives back and back. And out of the air all through. And there's COVID-19. Let's bring a brain and power up your five-mark lines to that thing. And go take it in, mate. Black women, a pile. There's a COVID-19 safe region, pile. Over three of all that crazy far-sair. And this way, go to the wrong of the game's more strong. And close your soul. Like some far-sweep, only far-off quarters. You'll quickly see a line of a hand. It's a bit steep. You'll look that whole night. And I'm still hurt like rubber on a Saturday night. You're fair. Certainly, I'd be concerned that the pictures have not been released. You love them any opposition to say, but there is more. Janis Carpindski told the BBC today for a Grammy. Carpindski was reduced and ran from general to Colonel and found guilty of their election of duty. She says she's been made a scapegoat. Amen. You go, go, boy girl. The BBC alluded to the release of the 87 photos and 4 video tapes as part of a lawsuit launched in 2003 on the treatment of the Tainese and U.S. custody. And the transfer of prisoners to countries known to use torture. They say prison abuse is systemic. The U.S. government argued that pictures of the evucients they didn't avoid helping the insurgents. But in a 50 page ruling that Judge said, my task is not to be further our worst fears, but to interpret and apply the law. In this case, the Freedom of Information Act, which advances values in important to our society, transparency and accountability and government transparency. What's that? Our struggle to prevail must be without sacrificing the transparency and accountability of government and military officials, he added. Judge Halerson, said America does not surrender to blackmail and fear of blackmail, is not a legally sufficient argument to prevent us from performing a statutory command. And D.D. said, the freedom is that we champion our important to our success in American Afghanistan, and it's the guns and missiles we're so caught on with. I like that you go, Judge. This is a real Rogerace. This is by 1628. Well, it's good. Well, hey, what to do with on two AMs? What's that bag of fat called against? I won't once they have them before. These are my kind of guys. You first. You're telling them to do it anyway. You're the man we sound and died, really, James. I want more, Chris Ward. I'm gonna fight for you, man. But I just didn't do this for it. I'm not gonna fight for it. But we're really getting this step to this, George. Let's quickly hide, boys, we'll give them a gun or action. But I need to listen to it and we're not too way out. We're gonna get back to that gun again. I'm going to miss here and straight in with boys this time. Now, I'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I'm gonna press all the material for it. Let's check out Chris Ward at night to build the plane on the side. Yeah, there ain't no one at the time. The material's for it, guys. And boys, it's not the practice they would play with. Well, here you go. I'm gonna have to let that. Yes, man, a real close to the radio. That's the sound. If they're voicing us up there, really, it's my fault. Oh, stay close here. And that's the whole man. He's smarter than my bread Brothers. Just the opposite. I've been all with that. 14, built to a 560 WMG on Gelday coming up. Mr. Hawking. Can't wait for that first. Pants and broadcast wins tonight. Who the Pants and Stain at land, I believe. And Josh got his Pants or credentials. That's right. I wonder how you got those. Well, what is the reason for that? I don't know. I don't know. Hopefully, you know, they got maybe like a bar around and the working. Is that because you associated with the show or because of the work you do with the Marlins? Is that because of the kind of high level of the background? I love my hockey. Or is that because Gelday put in a good word for it, which I doubt. But I guess because I think it's because you associated with the show. And of course, I being Mr. Hawking and so forth, even, you know. And of course, doing the show from Toronto, they hotbed of Hawking. I will at least are going to suck this here. I hate to break news to you. We don't want to talk about that. But you don't love it. Once you get into what man, you really enjoy it. He's going to be our quarter. I like going to the game. And the good part of it is this year, they're going to have an exciting entertaining team. It's supposed to last few years when, oh, it's been really bad. Senators with oversight of the FDA, Espera Inspector General's inquiry, if the yesterday, and the circumstances around these sudden resignation of the chief of the FDA, in particular, the lawmakers won information about whether a lesser Crawford, I wonder if he's getting to Keith Crawford, whether a lesser Crawford, follower ethics laws that require him report his financial assets and income to the government. Oh, here we go again. Senators Michael B. Nz, we're public and a Wyoming and Ted Kennedy, and we're kind of as a Tuesday. What a thorough review of the reason surrounding Dr. Crawford's resignation. The letter was said to Daniel R. Levinson, Inspector General, for HHS. Crawford gave no reason for his departure in his resignation letter last Friday. But his tenure was marked by increasing criticism of the agency of the FDA by those who considered to become more interested in politics or benefiting drug companies than its mission to predict and soars absolutely freaking correct. So, yeah. If you want to give me news every night between 6.30 and 7, and then even later on when they do the local inserts on the wheel of the torture and whatever in jeopardy, you'll notice every commercial everyone is either for a prescription drug or some over-the-counter kind of poison that they're trying to pedal to you. You notice that? Yes, I do. There we kind of drugged that's ever been invented, so they haven't even thought up yet. And lately they're getting like big names stars to advertise and they're like, I'm going to say, I got some garfoic saying they're talking about billbennis. Ideas as to why you might espouse abortion that he didn't agree with. He was hypothetically saying, suppose we took something. Here's a cell with a list. So I was loading. You know, that could be our report lower the crime rate. He meant to type epithetically. He would never espouse such a thing. He's owed no apology whatsoever. And frankly, the fact that around this country today, a lot of African Americans are pretending not to understand what he meant makes it look like we're incapable of dealing with close reasoning. And it worries me. The man did absolutely nothing wrong. Are you both mentioned hypothetically? Let me ask you guys, Roland John, just one more time. Let him speak. You talked about the hypothetically. That's a real journey. He was talking about the hypothetically. He needs to be taken out then too. So what she says as this boy, Grace Arne, just list of the first sentence. Grace, Nancy. More time. I do know that it's true that if you wanted to reduce crime, you could, if that were your sole purpose. You could abort every black baby in this country in your crime rate. That would be an impossible, ridiculous and morally reprehensible thing to do. But your crime rate would go down. He talks about how ridiculous it is. He talks about the hypothetically. He talks about the hypothetically. He talks about the hypothetically. But I do know that it's true that if you wanted to reduce crime, blah, blah, blah, blah. So he's saying, but I do know. So I said this and sound like I had the medical to me. Well, of course, John, I'm trying to explain. John, I'm trying to explain. I'm trying to explain. So watch it break this down for us. Because it is like I do know if you want to please John, well, it seems like we're talking about two different things. When he's talking about black people and crime, what he's referring to is the unfortunate. See, in every group, there's a bunch of cell outs. His black cell outs, there's juiced cell outs, plenty of those. His bag cell outs tons of those, man. It's like taking us back to the Hitler era again. He got your, uh, an colder and misfudged. And we had David Brock there before he finally saw the light. And, uh, just a whole bunch of edicts, and we found Lisa, we have no doubts about her. Fair, right? No doubt. You know, keep hearing about, uh, choose life in the sanctity of life and all of the crap from these fetus squeezes. And yet codified out that most of these people aren't married. They never got to get married. Most of these people are a day in a closet and the Philip Grant. It's just like, it's like, what's his name? It's like, uh, gay and your who we're all over again. And Joe McCarthy. Hey, Joe. You're fair. Anyway, it's, uh, why get all with the fuck up? Okay, Bill, man, we know he's a fool. And we know he's a hypocrite. And positive gambling problem. Maybe I'll see him tomorrow morning at woodbind. This, is a meal right now. This is fair. This is five, sixteen, two, eight. So, yeah. Smack it. It'll be back. Wait, it'll come back. This has become normal now. This is unacceptable. It is absolutely unacceptable. Oh, here we go. I just want to be a clean, power. Just 75 to go. Because he's a police. And he always means you call I need. Boom. Better put that fat in the street down. And it went for a clean, and for a sign here. Because he has a baby. When am I getting my dessert? Bill and jellycrank, because you'll be around. I like you can see my self, pleasure in the world. But, uh, you're still pretty. You're made by a star. Hey, how's your style? Stretching in your trip or legs? Big open, hurts. You actually got a hoop spirit. It's from pain. St. St. St. You're the next. I'll see what's to do it. Let's see what we show. You're all, just here you go. Thank you. Better stop getting all that rock cookie dough. Oh, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. This is making giant things you'll love through the stone. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. You're fucking girl, we're real, we're real, we don't care how much you roll. Go, go, go, go. Okay, let's go, baby, get the shit down. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go look at the great, go, every chance,, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, all bear, go komme, all go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, you're carving funny because guess what you ain't funny. Sorry I came up with that idea. Who's celebrity love child? What are you most likely to see? I guess I don't know what one. It makes no difference anyway. And then we switched to that. We did the interim pool. We saw you talking about that stuff about Hank that I said. Yeah, I know. Too bad. Too late. About the crossover with Hank in the overwhelming majority today. They're love it or it's okay and they can handle it and life goes on. Yeah, et cetera. And a few people said they hated it. And there were a few who said a little bit too long. It's a little too long. You know, I thought, yeah, sure. And now we're doing around it in between. We covered a lot of dirt. My jaw is a pair from all this today. You know, a little slight jaw. We're talking. Yeah. And in fact, we'd better cut it back. Starting Monday at Sing Batuna, halfway. Who's the most humorless tight-ass we asked today? 581, 600, 533. So if you put all our votes together today and the three pulls we did over 900, not too bad considering we're like all over the place, right? And as first I said, since we had a really bad first one, all we're so sorry. We'll never do that again. The most humorless tight-ass is unquestionably dipcheney. 190 votes. Nobody's even close to dick. More Howard David, although the longest he certainly was in League of his own, 80. Nobody close to the mole-mysterisers. So those two are like, uh, you know, on a different planet. The rest of us are on Earth and they're on Uranus. And quarter 46, Barbara Bush 41, very bond 35, John, your buddy. Say something to my spokesman, reply to that? No. Kind of leaves at 25. Why does that just let that little pregnant pause? They're just listen, just because you were very athlete and then sure that's still right on your ass. Doesn't mean, you know, that's when they have to be like a, uh, a mister happy. You know, Congolese and Louie Furcon, 25 of peace. Christopher Hitchens, 23, you'll see why. Osala 20, Sean Pens 17, Bill Smith 14, the British were our family 10. They're so constipated and so up at it and so much better than all the rest of us peasants. Pat Robertson nine. I'm his nine. The Larry Kingmeister, Scott nine, but he has snappy suspenders, the Pope seven, oh, he's a real comedian this folk, BDI's that look of death. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he, uh, he probably hung a wildward Dracula did, you know, by the castle. We had going to the castle with a Pope. Can you imagine? Oh, that would be nice. Charlton has been six Jim Canturrey for Bill Benetree, Bono three and Martha Burf still down our last place. We're just a small pair. Now, that whole thing about some, some hummus. It reminds me, I don't know what made me think about this. I remember I 20 years ago, a fact which and I went to the dollar, we used to go to all the dolphin games. Well, they're all tickets bite away. We spent the money. And a listener came by and said, oh, what, you know, my wife and it's always, that was always very friendly. Hi. How are you doing? I shook his hand, hi to her, and they spent a few seconds. And then he called on the air, remember this and I brought my wife and then all you did was sit there. Like a lump right, no dancing, no dancing. No son of a dance. No, that that that that, that that no, no, I'm not a blue animal. So, after all this time, I certainly want to profusely apologize. We got a guilty for the mobile mice, you know. Bye, bye, bye!