What I would count on is Neorodius who's up in hockey land in Toronto. I think Neorod gets his hockey fixes from watching some minor league hockey occasionally. He's going to be with you for the next four hours. And after that it's anybody's guess. I missed twice yesterday Neorodius was in the building. Yeah, I guess he resolved exactly what we thought he'd resolved. I think they're going to resolve today at that Trevor Linden meeting. How can you have a meeting without the principal? Without the principal, I'm out parties there and I'm trying to say, Well, you know, this is a dog and pony show. So the players can say, well, at least we made one last gas but temp. And we try to do something. Then they're going to go home. Trevor is only impression goal to you organized that meeting. Try to sell the, try to sell the, try to sell the little bit of work. Okay, you know something he might be in there when he came right down. I got two things I need to ask you about. Yes. I'm going to ask you about, but like Chris Myers, he was sunny's understudy. KT when I came to town. I see a lot of things. That's right. And I saw him on one of the games over the weekend and I'm going to tell you what happened to Chris. It looked like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his neck and blew his head up. I guess that's old age. Yeah, Chris is all about 40 now. Yeah, it looks about 80 on there. It looks like Puffy, you know, not puppy comes but like puppy in the face. And also Joe buck. Now, what's your take on Joe buck? You have a great word that you use on PL. Onccess. Really? That fits Joe buck to a team. I'm reading this, you know, Dr. Z. And sports illustrator who writes the various announcing teams. Yeah. So yeah, he writes it the fifth string guys over the first string guys. Yeah, he's all over the place, but he did rip Joe buck and Anne, which I thought was pretty guy. I did too. I thought his, you know, he is so, he's become so staggy morning. So staggy morning is self-important self-righteous and anxious. Right. And has no interest in detail or describing what's really happening in a game. And see, guys, kids like Josh Cortes think that Joe buck is great because there's such a lack in the last 20 years of any new blood in the sports cast. And there just aren't any great news sports castes. I talked about that yesterday who's charming. Well, what the, he has the opportunity. It would be great if he was like, oh, the Harold is reporting that he's going to get the opportunity on TV. Yeah. So that's maybe the heard me yesterday. So I suggested. So Josh Cortes should be next in line into radio. He certainly could do a better job for the Marlins than you know. Oh, well, but you know what, what he ever said in the abat buck on that whole Randy Moss thing. And I know Randy Moss is a jerk and all that, but. Yeah, but he's a funny, funny, funny, funny. But, wait a minute. Randy Moss is a jerk, but they have the cameras on him, the entire game. And it continues showing everything he does. And then they, oh, gee, it's too bad you had to see it. Well, if they weren't showing everything he did, we wouldn't have had to see it. Well, they didn't show it again. And what bothers me about is they misreported what he did. You know, if you turned off that talk, as you thought he dropped his pants because that's the and the post game showed him doing it correctly. I thought that he dropped his trowel and took a dump right there in the end. So a man who didn't deal a made about it. He didn't do a squat. Yeah. In fact, when Tony Jen done the explained the commissioner in Green Bay, Yeah, about the, about the Green Bay fans moving the opposition players all the time. That told us what that was all about. That was the history of that. Well, and for some reason, Chris Collins, where it didn't say anything on a broadcast, but on his HBO show during a week, he talked about how before the game, they were yelling, Rachel, Rachel Rinsal said, I'm calling him. I talk to him. And he's supposed to, you know, just let that all go. I thought the fine was out of line. And I thought the bucks reporting was just way over the topic. But at least he's consistent. I'm just, I like that. That's your word. I love that word. It's Joe Buck. Yeah. All right. Heidi overrated, maybe, Joker, and his daddy's turning over in his grave, believe you. I've got news for Joe Buck couldn't, he couldn't look daddy's butt. I can't believe what I just saw. Yeah. He, well, at least he was, you know, last couple years he was seen all, but he, he had that gruff voice. He was a pretty good man. He was memorable man. Twenty years from now, he's going to remember Joe Buck. How about Joe Buck and Hank Strahm on Monday night football? Yeah, he's the great. Yeah, he used to do the radio. Yeah, I'm going to. Jack, Mark, I'm sorry. Don't get on to his own. I won't do that. It's just, just the early morning for me. Yeah, how you handling it now. I'm okay. Everything seems to be going great. Yeah. And I'm not going to be distracting you. I have to know. No, I, because I just won't do that. First of all, I'm not going to go stream, though. But we know that they put men's rooms in there, not door-to-list. And, uh, I'll allow anybody under 70 to go in. Yeah. So, you know, I go home. I, I get on a treadmill for a little while. And then I'm lost. I have no idea what to do with the rest of the day. Yeah, I'm taking that ticked cat map for about three to five. And then you'll be all said to go, somebody told me yesterday that, that a power map, like a half hour nap is better than a cat nap because that's true. You know what I do? I take, like, 430 nap noon. I got a great couch here. Put my head down on the pillow and automatically fall asleep for exactly one hour. I don't know why, but I just almost every day. I take an afternoon. And I wake up and I'm ready to do what tick-ass. All right. Usually my own. Well, kick some ass this morning. We'll be leaving. We'll try not to be too anxious. Yes. Love that word, Neil. Bye-bye. Don't lose too much, see ya. Ha ha ha. How do you like it so far? It's great. That's what he does. Look, crap, you can unwrap. All this slime all the time. Hi, I'm old. Oh, you're it. What do you know? What do you say? Wow, I don't like it in the around here. The time nobody can meet me. I was going to go back to my house. I'm going to get you some. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Be sure to show me what you're doing. It's not a matter of time. You're going to get me. Why if I wasn't my car? I think I would know what's round now. Wow. Come on, but me, time ain't got to show me. Got no job. I'm going to go to the garage. You're going to buy so fast, pal. I'll be blowing out your hair. It's not a shickle. You got, not a me. It's just a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit. I looked at that to count my day. And this Hayırman Keite Buzso I just want the Blue Thick. Oh yeah you're just got sore when you know my cares don't come easy And that's why I can't allow me to possess control. No, not that you've been his back. I ain't no chisting at me. But I'm gonna call her the king and let's back. Oh wow! I hate calling her to be my son of a smith. You just take my dad out. Dad, dad, we're all smart, dad. And I can't be with you. Dad, we're smart. And I can't stand you. The door is door is door. I can't stand you. Don't act like that! Stop it! Move it at counter times. They're Cadillac, the barber boxer. Senator Barber boxer, California, and the Anciest Condolese, the Rice. The aluminum tube, she took. First is going out right now. Barberset, if you'd like to take an aluminum tube and shove it up, condolese is something. And that was what she just said. Exactly what she said. Anyway, maybe she oughta get her a little bit of time. And although I think it can't be leases, case it to not read an essay story. At the mood point. Anyway, that was really, I'm just ecstatic. I'm like emotional. Not quite as emotional as when I saw a jewelry leader when I moved the last night. Pointed. It wasn't a good move. No, it was a good scene. There were some good scenes, right? Last of the high kings Irish movie. Some very pasty looking Irish people in there, but the lovely Jared Lito's in there. He is my Carmella Dissezer. He's generally like that. I wind up watching it. I watch all the Irish movies. Actually, I take that back. He's a little scrawny, but nevertheless, he just something about him. He would do just fine. Anyway, we asked yesterday who's the hottest baby who has been on the baby curtain on the Roger's.com. Now, I could read the whole list, which would take you to about 145. That would not be a good idea. That would be a cop out. We could do that, or take some really good calls. QAM, hello. Hey, how are you doing? I think that's good. The question was struck on the website. Which is the name of that skit that he runs his kiss in the next good morning? Yeah. Hahaha. Hahaha. That was good. Like I said, a wait a minute. Maybe this is the one he was thinking about. Maybe that was it. Maybe. We'll check that out. Okay, who was the hottest baby who's been on the baby curtain? Carmella Dissezer or did Cesati, which I like saying at that Cesati, but at that, at a 140 votes. He just killed the competition man. She kicked big fat ass. Angelina Jolie, I'll just read a few of the double. Did you want to say okay? Okay. Well, no, if I read all the other ones, we'll be on here tonight. Angelina Jolie 81, and a corner hole you 54, Carmella Dissezer 48, Alyssa Malaro 48, Hallie Berry 45, Charlize Saron 39, ABN Barvo 24, Jennifer Convey, Elmer 1st and 21 of piece, Tusha Mengehel, Mengehel, Mengehel, Careful. Tusha, Tusha. Tusha. Tusha and Mengehel, Tusha. Tusha and Mengehel, Tusha. Tusha and Mengehel, Tusha. Tusha is, she's taken a big plot down the ladder man. First stock is got faster and enron. All her antics. Yeah, all her antics, all her sleason, her mouth would have him slimy, yahu's. Jenna Jamison 19, Sofia Lorenne 18, Joan Bondel had 17, that ought to make that guy happy. Tony Harding 16, that I do not understand. Sofia Vergara 15, Jessica Beal 15, Howard Beald didn't get any. Denise Richards 15, Tiffany Amber Thieson had 14, Todd with Monica Balucci 14, John Balucci didn't have any. Jamie Presley 14, the king didn't have any. I'll just one character, this one Irish kid in a movie with Durrillito, his whole thing is about the king, about Elvis. And then when Elvis dies, this supposedly takes place in 1977. And when Elvis dies, they hold a candlelight vigil on the beach. But anyway, pretty sad. Rachel Hunter and Jamie Presley and Alia each have 12. How's Alia doing? Vanessa Williams, Sarah Michelle Geller and Jennifer Aniston and Ashley Judi, Chetten and last but not least in double digits, Lindsay Lowham had ten. And that's it for double digits. We have 4,000 other names on there and things that will slow up. The other cause was good as the first one. Maybe I'll just read those all day. What do you say? Sure. That was really great for the first time that Joe Buck is anxious. How do you like that, Josh? Okay. Well, let's say you could be stubborn. I mean, you're in telly or opinion even if it's wrong. I mean, you didn't think Joe Buck's a great broadcaster. I'm telling you right now, 40 years from now, no, buddy, remember Joe Buck. You'll say, hey, what do you think of Joe Buck? And I'll say, who? Right. What's that? Just tell you, I mean, I can believe me or not. Trust me when I said it. This is one thing I know about. There aren't too many things in life I know about. The one thing I know is my sportscasters, Mr. And I'm telling you right now, Joe Buck ain't one of them. One of those great classic memorable legendary sportscasters. He ain't one of them. Kurt Gaudy, which again, I'd want to be a fan of his. But he was one of them because he was a, he was legendary. He was there for his engineers. Whether was the old AFL games. Remember those before you were born? No. No, but heard about that. You heard about that. Yeah. You heard about that. You heard about the first time I've ever seen John for St. The Dune NFL films with that. Yeah. And the great games between Kansas City and the, the, the, Raiders, all of the, all those phenomenal games. There were a lot of quarterbacking Oakland Man, Torjo George Blanda. Never 95 year old field, well, kicker George Blanda. Yeah, I've seen him on the classic. Right. There was with a days man when this course used to be like 75 to 48 things like that. Those were exciting games. But nevertheless, let's not live in a path. fast let's move on upward and forward in the inward right right get with it being in curtain we got another and even nicer well they all each one you know no bad the pictures are Carmella the Caesar so we have a new one today and we have one every day this week and then the top five from that poll so we better save that poll right right so Carmella I think we take the one from my Friday and put that on again next Monday for anybody who or unless you got that many we can put a different one on Monday they would be neat I do do yeah yeah that naked picture of Gerr leader from that movie I saw I said no sorry oh you got to find that you're well I'm looking for it Angelina Jolie and a corner hole yet Carmella for an illistim Alano those are the top five so there'd be the ones that'll be on their each day next week and then we'll see how that were so not that there's like a competition there but there was an employee yesterday and then it really wasn't any competition it was as they say on the west coast it was a cream job as they would say in the corn factory not the jolly green giant said no seriously she just demolished the competition yeah I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal his two by little somewhere in hell in the day oh it's all my goals you shut up stupid I don't know what the woods that young Mister credded okay oh yeah sure there was a park chairman Oh did you want to go to the Yeah, so I was paradise, but we're doing it still on 560 WKW. And who can believe it? You know it after everything has gone down. He's still with us, just like Luca Brazzi or whatever his name was. Don't call him on. They hit him with five shots and he still lives. Sing with Mom and we tried everything we knew to give it to his aunts and he's still back there. Don't do it. Four to seven is afternoon by been spite of popular demand. So I guess Joyce didn't get everything ironed out yesterday, huh? Well, we don't know what she was here for really. Anyway, here's the whole question today. Who are what is the most disappointing flash in the pan? Thanks to Sean for having sure he must have had these like you said. Right. Back waiting, you know. He was already fat so that when you said that. That was your psycho. That's what I'm saying. He must have already had this list just waiting for me to a big, you know. That's okay. I need to proud to beg. Good poll question. Who are what is the most disappointing flash in the pan? We've already gotten, let's see. You added a couple more to the ones I had on there. And he had. What do we got so far? We got Scott Farrell's got six. Flash in a pan. Well, he was on for about four months on this station. And he kind of like rack himself out off the radio. How are Dean for vanilla ice three, Quentin Tarantino one, Kurt Warner one, Millivineli and Twin Peaks so far. Oh, I got 15 votes on there. So far none. I'm sure we got many other flashes in a pan. They'll be coming in on a phone. Maybe one or two. 5 6705 50 by the way. Again, I hate to burst your bubble. Josh, let's get all the best of all the way on one day. And then we'll just, you know, get out of the way. See you's getting married. I didn't. Mike Piazza. Oh, yeah, you said that. You don't believe it. Oh, I believe it. Are you going to start that Jeff Garcia stuff again? Oh, I watched that thing. We got whole all my gut. Oh, they moly. Much Piazza. I mean, yes. Sister, please, that Jeff Garcia is just, give me a break. Yeah. Maybe it's just, uh, uh, expectation. You think? Sure. I think she's still serious. Creamer. My God. Although for Jeff Garcia, we never would have found, uh, Carmelah. I think Carmelah kept on it. Don't you understand what I'm saying? Oh, right. Oh, exactly. Who would ever found her? So, uh, thank you, Jeff, our sealer. I said, I already had a picture, but it was, uh, not a very good picture, uh, you know, it didn't send off any alarms. Yeah. Well, this one did. It was alarming. Mike Piazza is getting hits to a lot of people that's alarming too, because he's another one that was always rumored to be. Yeah, just because he squatted down all the time. The meds catcher is walking out the aisle with his longtime girlfriend. They watched baby and former playmate, Alisha Richter and Miami. During last weekend in January, in other words, very, very soon. So, I was just saying yesterday, I guess I got to find her picture. Do you know who that is? Alisha Richter? Well, you've never heard of her playmate? Well, that means she's out there. Former bewatch, I told you, you don't like that show, because it's, uh, Pamela and Elizabeth on. And it ended up. And of course, so what's his name, Babel's, they've attached a lot. How do you spell Richter in her case? Her name is RICKTER. Alisha Richter, RICKTER, says, video you're postcutted. So, Mike Piazza is getting married. Thank God for that. Oh, God. We don't want the sports world over taking with all these mitochondrial naysman. Span. All right. How you doing? Pretty good, pal. I got one for your list. Excellent. Don Kerry. Don Kerry. Don Kerry. Oh, John Kerry. Okay. There are, there's our president. There's no signal. Yeah. I am sick and tired. You know, these five asses in the stands. I want to go to their game. Yeah, right, amen. And right. I don't want to see the people on the sidelines. I don't want to see the, if I ask clowns in the stands. I'll run it around naked in 20 below whether, and nobody wants to see those people. Get a game. You idiots at CBS and Fox, N-A-B-C. We want to see the game. There's so little game anyway because it's 90% commercials and promos now. So let me give us a little bit of the game. Okay. My name is Brady's Touchdown, and that game last week that was absolutely unacceptable as what it was. Somebody should have been horsewip for that, don't you think? Yes. We're not going to see a Tom Brady stick his way into that pile as way drive through that pile. Just barely got in there too, by the way. WQA and Hello. WQA and hello. QAM. They know. They don't fit. They're a cumero. 567. Maybe they're not going to respond to this poll today. They'll be fine. Maybe it's the middle of the week we hit a dead end. That could be it. The most disappointing. Who are what is the biggest flash in the pan? You think there'd be Zillions of those kind of people, right? Here today, go on tomorrow. Wouldn't you? You think? Yeah. But they're aren't. WQA and hello. QAM. Neo. Yes sir. I thought Mark the Bird's vidrich. Yeah that was on it and this isn't Sean is it? No no, it's first time calling you. Because he had that on his list and nobody knows who the hell I did. But I'll put him on here because it's two people saying it's all put in mind. I remember him. He was very popular. Good job. I'm a tiger fan. That's why I know. I'm so sorry. I apologize. Good luck at value needed. Thanks Neo. Okay. Well the poor tiger is Detroit. How the mighty have fallen. Wow. That's right. Mark the bird fidrich. Got it? That's spelled. FIDR YCH. Mark the bird fidrich. You know who that is? I don't. You don't? No. He was a very charismatic pitcher for the tigers for about for a short period of time. And he's like, you know he's a wild man in the mountains. He's do all these things. I don't remember the whole deal about him. But and then that was it. He was there and then he was gone. He was no dany McClain. But then I understand Mark the bird fidrich is probably on the outside. And five six to the 0.560 pound five 60 and a Verizon ticket of Rottisline. Line nine. WQA low. Good one. QAM. Hello. Hey Neo. How about the I got you down. I'm a flash in the pan. There are someersers. Hey. I got some mouth. So excited. Hey. You're in someers, Josh. Yeah. Hey. Mohour. Yes. Oh. Yeah. That you shouldn't be that you should stick them basically. What you're good with. And you shouldn't be talking about sports. Who said that? That's what Mohour was saying yesterday. You know what I mean? What do I give a crap about it? In other words, I need him to tell me what I should talk about. He was saying back in the day. You were good at what you call him based on or something like that. Yeah. How does he know he didn't hear it? He said, but that was back in the day. Yeah. He said, that's not now. And you shouldn't be talking about sports. Probably more about programming his own three hours. But he didn't know he wants on a year. Have a great day, pal. I could like to Aaron Summers. Yeah. I'm going to call him crappy three hours there with your butt lickin' interviews with all of his people. Nobody wants to hear. Okay. With Dick Stockton. Oh my god. If I have to hear any more of these old hacks on there with Mohour. One old hack is enough. But I have an apparel on there. See, well, he resents his. The fact that we're talking stuff on here. He doesn't dare to rip an ass to most of these other guys because they're his colleagues and the business. So he's going to kiss up to him. You know, I was a static. The hand-canned balls to a college joe buck. I'm just. That was good. That means a Josh probably didn't speak at a hand-canned anymore for a while. A couple of weeks. But that's okay. You get over it. Here's some good news finally. Broward Commission said smarts eighth special lesson on slots. I'd be like that. I think the sky is going to fall because we may have real slot machines employed. I don't think we'll ever be the same again. Well, while this was going on, where's that story? I have about your fan asked governor. What a jackass man. What a piece of crap. But you people implore to seem to love a man. You'll ever got it really a stick to two. Did I actually put that story out or not? I hope he brought it with it. No, about how he's like giving tax cuts to the rich against the fairer and no money for education in the new budget and this ridiculous spending money on it. That's what a fan asked governor runs in the family man. I don't think I've been printed out with two depressing. Anyway, Broward County Commissionaries on Tuesday said a special lesson for March 8th for voters to decide whether to roll on slot machines at the US-3 race tracks in one highlight front time. Commissioners said the special referendum after working out and dealing with a gaming industry to cover the cost of extra law enforcement and government services that will be needed. Opponents have avert charge that the vote has been rushed by how powered by high powered gambling lobbyists and try to challenge its legality and court soon. Yeah, keep trying losers by an eight to one vote. County Commissioners agreed yesterday went to refer into that day scheduled local elections. If voters approved, they lawmakers will have to July 1st 2006 to craft legislation detailing how the machines will be licensed to regulate it in Howard County. Last November, we know about that. Vote taxes on a slot machine revenues with supplement public education funding statewide. Advocacy, it could pump as much as 400 million year in the state coffers. If voters passed the measure, lawmakers would have to decide how many machines have been installed in each location, how many hours they could be open each day. They'd commissioners will discuss the issue of the regular meeting tomorrow. No vote regarding whether to rely on song machines that call the race course, money, high li or the flagred dark track has given schedule to you. You can bet your bottom doubt that they will be doing that tomorrow. Got it. Besides ghosting, the other priority facilities eligible to receive slot machines include Hollywood Greyhound track, pay in your high light, and pop in O Park, harness. So there you go. Start to make some progress, take a little teeny tiny baby steps in the rest of South Florida. Even though we know that the world will, the discovery will come tumbling down with God's wrath, it will wax on. When he starts hearing the sound of those slot machines, you know, when he hears, well, oh, Carter, when he hears that, then you know that the world's coming to an end. The way we knew it, right? Right. And of course in South Florida, that would be the best news if it never were the same as it used to be again. Twenty seven past ten and five, sixty WQA. I guess this poll today had not really going to cut it, you know? And so, I think it is a good one. But they're a little slow starting today, you know, who knows what they want. Maybe they want us to spoon feed them a grubber baby food or something because after hearing some of them, I think they're going to be right after alley Sally. We'll go, we'll go already. How? We'll go, we'll get in the way. All in need of the children's faith. How to get. Who is that bad? Who is that bad? Who is that bad? No one could get all Yeah, and now it's time to end this song Let's hear the air that's gone along We can sing our badminton with ease like that I love your hear, my whittest people hear I love your voice, all right that's great You're right that's it Ooh, that's all right That's it Excellent choice to force somebody facts that in Ross Faro for Flash and a pan You can say that again, there's only one reason that he ever rose to popularity You know who that was who is responsible for that? Uh-huh Longest of course That's it Our good friend Larry who can't put in a monitor to hoard the air waves And do a kind of public with that camp How we got to his raw fire slaves and do do do do do Look at the engine that's not been all studies and do do do do And how is do doing every time I saw him on there And many of the people voted very much goes to show you how billably public really is 567560 here's a good one He did a lot of votes Ross P. Row, right? Oh yeah Who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan? So far Howard Dean and Scott Farrell Todd same person 17 a piece WQM hello Hey, no, yes sir Hey man, I got the ultimate Miami Dolphin flash in the pan Steve definitive answer okay Thanks for call oh, yes, Cecil I'm gonna have to play that Yeah, thank you. Thank you very much. Cecil's a little bit of the lemme forget, okay? All right, as I said, you just trying to get a look Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I decided to take a peek I was Cecil you won't see him no more WQM hello They knew how to know Good, all right, all right, how about Dennis Rommin was a flash in the pan? Yeah One time what the pond's on me was everywhere and it's like Okay, put him on there. I don't know if they're well, that's two-edent play we played this Robin and Huh, so I thought I thought we had a full question, but this is just a different comedy They say people you don't like in comedy this that you do right? Well, that's okay. That's fine. Yeah, whatever time that's what we're here for help you kill some boredom time Man in South Florida. Let's take a look at that schedule for today We got mad dog Jim managed to to 400 protests. He's playing the game under protest 4 to 7 and we got more Howard David in by the way Let me say it again mode. Do you know what worry about your three hours? There okay you were about the who's asked you're gonna kiss between those three hours and let me take care of these hours Just I have no problem here. We're doing this fine. We're kicking big fat juicy ass. Okay, so my dual-bomis Then seven o'clock we got the beast at the convocation center. What's that all about? What's it when she can voking? What's he convocating? Well, they played Duke tonight Oh some of the words we got like a hour and a half pig in probably wow because we got hurricanes warm up at eight and then eight 30 got hurricanes in the dupe blue devils But where is that it says at the dupe is it at Duke? No, it's at the convocation center here The mod is it's like this. He this current who supposedly is a hurricane Maven? You know he's part of that whole sick establishment over there. He doesn't know how to make out of schedule when you put a Of listing of a ballgame you always put the visiting team first in my right? Yeah, it's got hurricanes versus Duke. So the way it looks on here is like it's in a way game But it's not so I'm getting a messy convocation center And then of course, Eddie K follows the basketball game such as it is any interest. Oh, that's so they're kicking ass man They're really big. What's that coach? What's his name? Faith Frank hates faith. Hey, I got to have hate faith W to Q amp hello Yeah, for urban drone slash in a pan right W Q amp hello W Q amp hello, and yeah, yes, sir. I'm wondering anyone call it a spider-in-foot on most show that yesterday about what? We started saying things about how I don't want to ask you to fire, but it was a good hand Then get out of match get out of big light or man Well, you're saying a starting a conflict ratio. It was a comment about about you and How you don't know anything about Commentating on sports or whatnot and that that your old school You couldn't do it doubted. I believe you do a real good job. You really have to find your it What is it so in other words if if you couldn't be the president you can't have an opinion on a president A pretty enough seat. You see the effect that I broadcast sports in a past That's got nothing to do with my having an opinion on guys with a good batter and different because I got two ears Okay, and I've heard all the great sports guys. There's a lot of mediocre ones and I'm also heard him and believe me Huh, he ain't no Mr. Weaver. See that that's what bugs him is because he's the expert because he doesn't believe you Me, I mean when you take the opinion polls you couldn't kiss Rick weaver's ass. How do you like that? Ma, okay, you couldn't come up to his puppet in terms of stature who you couldn't but never less See, this is good. Let's get started once again Because he can't restrain himself. He's only been on there a few days and right off about he's starting because and Vision which is pretty obvious get a life. Okay. You silly old-coat get yourself a life What's he doing again the same old-tired crap? I'm listening God anybody anybody at work on this station I mean I can understand like Hank now's in a car on the way home. He's listening maybe or whatever And by I'm when you get home you forget about it, right? You take most advice forget about it But oh no, I'm listening all he does ever since the day he darkened our door and believe me it was a dark day for For Gotham City the day he darkened our door with that ugly nasty muskett on the said and every time you keep telling me Oh, his reform is you know all you got to do is like look at him cross-eyed and his true colors come out like that They started raining and raving about the beast if that beast and somebody gonna make a put him I'm a grow up already get a life get a life that's your main biggest problem. Oh, you have no life God go listen to a very comal records do something that's more you know, a soothing for you in your old age in your daughter-in- How did you come in your QAM hello? Oh, that's a new one for him QAM hello Pretty good and your dice play. Yeah, good one He was very big for about five minutes at the right and Then again to the coming up see Okay, too Andrew dice play he was big just big enough to do that for us, no, that was the end of that. Well, he didn't do it that other guy The guy was a boring impression Yeah, who refused to do certain things because it was against his religious beliefs somebody drop in But of course we couldn't play those not anyways. It'd probably just as well because they were filthy and pornographic and Joyce would have very negative feelings about that She would view them with an anxious I the anxious I what a good name that would be for a show Poor network. W QAM hello They all yes sir. Hey, you know what's the phone for the I just turned you What would mean you're calling in the I want to what's the pull get out of here like he's gonna have an answer to the pull What's the pull I just turned you on? The pull is my foot it were the moon don't try and okay, so bend down and drop your pants to a real moon, okay? clown who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan? That's the pull today, okay flash in the pan like the last call he was on for about four seconds Howard Dean 24 Scott for real 19 stretch great promise. We thought why didn't think Fact nobody thought except your buddy Greg see one thing that's always a good idea in this business I don't want to stir on mo again Do it though, oh, and you hire somebody's been canned everywhere. They've ever been where everybody hated them like poison There's a cleat at so much problem. It'd been canned at about 700 different jobs That's probably not like a real good reference starting point, right? Am I right? Yeah, yeah Check references. That's always a pretty good idea. Check some references. Right, but no All right, I'm gonna get him on there. We're gonna I just can't believe that many talk about old school. I can't believe that many people remember him and additional which by the way speaking to old school. I hate to break the news to you, but this doctor is Z On sports illustrated, which I did finally is somebody fastest to me who fast did did you do it? Yeah somebody said it to me the TV commentator awards As far as he rates him on from like zero to five stars the NFL broadcasters for the third year in a row Nobody's got five stars. That's how many do you occur they are and if you I mean I'm not gonna waste a time ago through this whole thing because we wasted enough time on it yesterday But I rest my case man and I challenge I challenge more Howard David It did to name me anybody and of course the boot now He's gonna have the chance to have a great. He's a outstanding broadcaster Maybe he'll make his own niche and he'll be legendary someday, but he's a punk right now I challenge him or anybody else to tell me in the last 20 years and he made me one sportscaster Who's gonna be remember 20 34 years in the firm now is legendary not a question of old school? It's a question of broadcasting is going down the toilet Tommy Kramer said once too many drunk in the business is nobody said Submit that too many drug use too many drunks too many info here at lunatics call in the shot. That's the problem Let's start a big battle with him. I just love to do. I'm just itching to do it I'm gonna be on the air start to dittle with us again, okay? I just knew you didn't have it in your mo Just mind your own business. You take care of four to seven. We're doing just fine. 10 to two 16 Oh It's two of the bits that I played both of them already that both of us we got can't understand it We're just in and there, but the both great. Yeah, there's their his his using 1043 of fine 60 WQA. I'm joined George Miguel and Boca Brian five of seven this afternoon for happy hour Treasure Island it must be Wednesday if it's Wednesday. It's treasure island. You know like Tim Russers Is if it's Sunday. It's me to press. I don't like him at all. You don't like anybody. Well, at least I'm consistent Happy hour treasure island off the pulmetter just north of the 122nd Street as it's stuff out of wind prices And enjoy Dan specials all night long and maybe even Boca Brian like been over in Shoot a few ping pong balls near direction and then look for the QM van tonight eight to ten of the brew room The brew room located at a 5466 West Sanford road in Marguer stop by for a little bit of a little hockey the bad blue hockey Not a really experienced player in the National hockey dollar and a half types of blue until the long out is over That's a true love over I'm a good friend. That's a bruise room George you have a copy of this you must cause you thanks to Tonya maybe it's not on the sheet But I understand don't know if it's offensive just because your buck is anxious What does it say they're George? I'm looking brew room See this is Miguel. This is your close personal partner in crime. You're been in about to Meet your boat mate your rack mate Bruse room. Okay. Excuse me. Sorry about that all the folks at Bruse room But Miguel is like what the fuck that since you don't have to rain chasing around a billion anymore He just can't you ain't up to snuff. Oh, yeah Speak of that. This is a good segue Spain Catholics in condom you turn Well, it's about time to pop probably pretty porked off about this and a substantial shift from traditional Policy the Catholic Church in Spain has said it supports the use of condoms to prevent the spread of AIDS Condoms have a place in the global prevention raids one Antonio Martinez Camino spokesman for the Spanish briss of conference so one Antonio Martinez Camino shorts Total reporters after meeting yesterday with health minister Elena Salgado to discuss ways of fighting the disease The Catholic Church has repeatedly rebuffed campaigns for to endorse the use of condoms in the fight against AIDS The Vatican states that condoms being a form of artificial birth control cannot be used to help prevent the spread of HIV And virus that causes AIDS Martinez Camino shorts had a church as stance was backed by the scientific world He said at a recent study all of our scientific world in the church. I'm sorry, but they just don't They just have a little conflict there. He said at a recent study by experts in the medical magazine Alancid which supported the so-called ABC approach to abstinence Being faithful to partners and using condoms. I don't know these condoms any B.C Hockey's underway again, by the way, but you know that hockey's underway not in South Florida though The church is very word and interested by this problem. He said Martinez Camino shorts schooled steam The shift was welcomed by the Spanish Federation of Lesbian's gaze gay trans sexuals and bisexuals I think it was absolutely inevitable if the truth would change its stance to Federation president Beatriz Haminol So I'd take it what most really done out of shape about that is the team he's broadcasting the dolphins since he came to town They really started going downhill straight downhill since he came is that correct? That is absolutely correct I mean, they just they're gone in the tank. It was proud great franchise since he darkened our door Don't go going into toilet, man While certain other teams had a lot of mention the defending world champion New England Patriots are just kicking ass Okay, that's where we need much bug his fat wolves. There we is George Lucas is excellent. I was trying to think of that the other day. You know George Lucas. I know I was trying to think of him specifically, but some of the ah you could remember his name No, I don't mean that. Yeah, I think I'm saying rate Perry. Wait for here They look a lot of life George Lucas. 1977 and then I'll trap right very good right here's another one actually bankroth Who's sick on CNN with oh yeah actually bankroth. Remember she was like a 911 They had her featured on there with a glass is those black frame glasses. Oh, oh, oh, oh We're turning from huh ground zero and she was all over She was on CNN MS and BC and all of a sudden she disappeared The chicken CNN with a black glasses. It was on every event every Minute around the world then all of a sudden just disappeared good one Okay, what else we got some taxes this poll will take off. It will slow today. Oh Disappointed now. Let's see now, but he wasn't a flash in a pan. I see this is that an understanding that it was in first Huh, it will stay the question. It says by this appointment. I mean this appointees gone well That's fine. I'm glad they am sure a lot of other people like a mad dog are really disappointed that he's gone too bills in front But the fact that the matter is he was hardly a flash in a pain did it often games with mad dog for like the seven years or nine years or something like that And we did a pretty good job, too by the way. I didn't make a lot of trouble. I certainly know the people we know Don't try to order everybody fired And got screwed big time on somebody came to town. I'm just a little bit about that Well, I'm gonna tell you if you just mind your peason cues most maybe you'd have a chance most But Just can't control you just can't hold yourself back just always try to stir it up and stir it up and start taking it With two would-e shots and instead of just trying to do a good show yourself in there Which by the way, I'm not listening to I heard five minutes at one day about three minutes I'm kissing the stock and says and I made a comment about it. Okay now I know that he's sitting there listening right now every minute of every day glued to that radio Oh, do you hear what he's saying? He's talking about me about what? Oh, you hear what? Yeah, right get a life get a life you silly old goat This guy's very good to I can't think of what his name is he's the answer for the inner high mighty ducks He's excellent. I don't know what his name is though And I'm actually he's gonna be legendary, but he is excellent, but I will give him that see we didn't do hockey now She's because that would be like talking in a thimble the whole audience would bail out nobody knows from hockey Now it's Josh Curtis when I'm a hockey now. So if they stuck their foot up his ass and so although you do know who Joe Bolin is though I do right that's only because I keep playing those promos Anybody else you know Jeff rumor yeah, he probably trying to get you by him lunch couple times before left town But that's probably that would probably be it as far as hockey now. So this is concerned right right And I couldn't point those guys out by any I'm about feeling foster he wouldn't throw out or wouldn't remember them the voices Well, you heard me play the cards. Yeah, I've heard him. Yeah, so in other words You at least have an idea who they are sure. Why don't you see when you're making progress man when hockey gets going again By the time they start to get in two years you're gonna be right up to snuff all right And they're actually saying that it's not only this year, but it's a very good chance to next year to is what they're saying right now I don't believe that because I think a lot of these the medium and lore paid the salary guys They're not gonna be able to hold out that long. I mean the guys making a big big bucks You know the guys like Matt Sundeen and Force bird guys like that. Well, I can a difference to them guys making eight nine ten million year, right yummy yager I know that's not his name That's what darn cherry calls on me. I'm yager. Oh, do you who would you said he didn't know his sports? He called it be yummy Yeah, I don't know my hockey. I mean I sure wish I knew hockey like mo Jerry raffordy of Baker Street flashing a pan Okay, okay. What? You know what I mean Jerry raffordy had that hit yeah Secure it would be more like it Well, I listen that's what they're saying it. It's what we started that fight. I boy you're really a hard ass today Just because you get over a trash rattle on on the talent fee Far where you I wouldn't be charging 600 bucks is spot me, but then rather get back in her good gracious You know that's fat boy. Yeah listen. I hope fat boy somebody get him a message. Okay get a message to remember that thing about message to Garcia Get a message to Jeff Garcia Seriously fast boy you better quit playing fast and lose with George's income. Okay, because we've really tired I have to write out these big fat checks to keep him and his family alive because you're screwing with his talent fees Okay fat boy and you lie like crazy a lie like a champion All the extra what's the other county got you know finally try to make up for that. Oh, um, mind me. Highlight, but that's that I cut their spots every now and then yeah And you could pay for that. Oh, yeah, that's six thousand spot sure What you have to do you're gonna have to make up for that money if it is cost and you're fat boy fat stuff there And he's only before he's only pork off about that treasure island thing because he's not getting those free Jobs doing more like he used to oh, they're not free. Oh, well, okay. So I can't say he probably still is in fact He's probably using the money the you're supposed to begin for the talent fee to get more of those Speaking of The panic that's gripping American TV. Oh, haha. I love that the panic that is gripping American TV Boss is facing a pure tenical backlash or Exorbitant government fine has today extended to a cartoon series to BBC drama. We had the cartoons story Oh yesterday, but now more than that Fosh TV is decided to fix late a beard every year in a cartoon series the family guy Which was originally broadcast five years ago with absolutely zero complaints and American public television network PBS is Sensoring BBC drama documentary dirty war Where you have attracting a public backlash and finds from the federal watchdog PBS the American public television never said it would tough scenes featuring a naked woman being the contaminated and a shower In the film that centers on the aftermath of a dirty vomit tech in London Fox TV's already been hit by a fines from the FCC with a network of affiliate station each fine seven grain on October for Erring Murray by America reality series in which a female consistency was seen looking cream from a male screepers chest With the civilian stations already wrapped FCC now considering a record 1.2 million other fine for the fox network for the same offense We have to be checking in second guessing ourselves all the time now Yellow Burman had a fox entertainment tool variety yesterday and it just goes on man censorship is rampant and you can't say squat You can't do anything anymore and The public just is back don't care do whatever you want to us, okay? Like that song bend me shape me rape me with me beat me dump on me whatever you want We like it we're a bunch of collective massacres don't you think that's an American psyche now that 50% of the public that supports Bush There are a bunch of massacres they like being abused during the pain In fact, we'll not be a great name for the stadium instead of dolphin stating which is kind of like predictable and bland how about the house of pain by Wayne Right sure and they'll play unless it wins at least tomorrow ons anyway Well, that's really a shot at the marlins tune in a dolphin stating I realize Yankee Stadium You know the giant's play football there, but the Yankee Stadium has been that since 1923 since the baby root bill it But the name in a dolphin stating when a marlins are still playing it. It's like a real shot That's the kind of guy he is man. It's a kind of hard-hearted nasty miserable Wayne everybody hates you like poison wish you get some kind of like nasty disease WQAM Hello 2 am For your poll yes, sir Brand Bosworth the football players Brian Bosworth he was real popular about two minutes Yeah, he made that really good biker movie too And yeah, maybe that haircut popular from about 30 seconds absolutely Thanks for that See alright good choice Brian Bosworth that's a good choice in it But you've enjoyed those who that is it's a movie's didn't yeah really bad ones too. Yeah, he was very popular for about half a second That's a good way in hello. Yes, sir. All past helium Aland Gonzalez. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, alienito alien Gonzalez. I'm gonna have to play some of that stuff too now Oh, Jesus, that's Cecil and Denise Rodman that he's pop fan all of the losers for alienito Man, he's not getting his happy meal and of course with all these CEOs McDonald's croaking at a very religious It's probably the best thing it ever happened to alienito is that he came and rescued him from McDonald's from all those big max and fries Those greasy fried foods man. I'm gonna tell you right now. Okay. I want to sit here and let you be in the fat slot that I am Having eaten ice cream yesterday. I all had two of those roll-o things. You're full. Yeah, too But you can't eat only one Are you crazy? One of those is gonna satisfy my sweet tooth. Are you nuts? I wonder if you're gonna see his got a sweet tooth But anyway, fried foods will kill you. I'm not just do whatever you want it's free country I mean to a poet you can't say what you want but you can pretty much eat what you want In fact, that's interesting words are gonna kill you. Where's our harmful but all the crappy food out there But all those Additives and all those preservatives and That are killing everybody that's okay. That's your government. Didn't make any sense Then I mentioned at the Joe Biden and the Barbara boxer we just Rillam Condolese again this morning which is good entertainment. It's amusing and it makes some of us very happy to see that finally But it's a little bit late now You know, and it's just a dog and pony show because they're gonna vote. They're gonna confirm her and she's gonna be in here And all this fashes crap is gonna go down and then we'll go into her ran and then we'll go into Syria And then we'll go into North Korea and then we'll go into like 11 on and then we'll go into like somewhere else and Thousands and thousands and thousands of people are gonna die and All those big multinational corporations are gonna make billions of dollars sure listen to This is your Oh And the All week But I did not Rip no But that it doesn't do if you play full the fish I can't spot girlfriend forgot to tell me Here is something come on up here Just look something else It'll throw woman right Come and answer My 창 bargains Defending Oh yeah, that's right. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. Just a little. I could have caught it. It was good. It's not a little. I know that was good. It was good. That was good. Cecil Collins flashed in a pan. And we're getting the facts with people that I had to own. And you're right. It's actually ban field, not ban crawfits and ban crawfits. But actually ban field. What if she's kind of Gerald ban field? The old harness driver from Jackson Raceway. See how mold school-mo? Ashley Banfield. Can we correct that? Or we like stuck with Vancrop. No, it doesn't. You're fizzing it? I thought that's what Cecil was doing. And then it says, who are these people? Jolton Joe Sharbono and Kevin Moss? Who is that? Are there sports people? Josh? Yes, can we? Say that again? Jolton Joe Sharbono and Kevin Moss. I remember Dup Moss, pitched for the Yankees way back in. Because I'm old school, 100 years ago. I don't have no idea who those people were. Kevin Moss sounds familiar. Was he a baseball player? No. Not a Marlon? Oh yeah. No. Kevin Moss? Come on. That would be embarrassing, but you're not. He played for the Marlon's Union. Oh, that. Wow. Dave and Boyd would never speak to you again. Can only pray. Elmer, who's just all over the place, says it's Ashley Banfield. Not Ashley Bancrop. Please correct that. And then, okay, Elmer. Just to ease off. Okay, a little bit. Also, my suggestion with the polis. Good one. Feel Henry. Okay. Good one. TS Mike Lang is God. Absolutely. You know, that's what Moe would say. Moe wouldn't know Mike Lang from Katie Lang. Here's one that says Barbara Boxer reminds me of Harry Truman's statement. I don't give the Republicans hell. I just tell the truth and they think it's hell. Well, that's great. The only problem is the toilet. The dog and polis show. And can do no good. The election's over. I hate to break the news, Barbara. But to call you Democrats, would it like spoken up and riled you a spear. And the way you would do it would be four. Well, maybe something could happen. Okay, but it didn't, including scary John Kerry. 5670560 pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Marlon's lines. Who or what is the most disappointing flash in a pan? John Kerry 36 Howard Dean 36 Scott for Rale 28 pretty good three way Battle there vanilla ice 10 Quentin Tarantino 9 Ross P. Rowe 8 Mark the bird Fidraj 8 and everybody's play has got six. Kurt Warner 6 Cecil Collins for Millie Vanille for George Lucas only three. He'll do better than that when you think. Yeah, well, alienitos got a pair. Ashley Bankroff has got two. But we didn't take long on that. There are some or two twin peaks. It's got two odd figures. It's what they call twin peaks. Brian Bosworth, jury rafferty, Denise Rodman has got one. And Phil Henry just went on there. 100 69 votes got it. Got it. As the list continues growing, man, lots of flashes in the pan. So a little time. And we can also put things on there like, you know, we don't have to put these on. Just using as an example, like a hula hoop or a slinky, you know, fads. Okay, fads, right? All right. Anybody got a good hula hoop? That's a cool hula hoop would be good. Don't you even know it's, I mean, if we put Mark the bird figure John there, Tennessee court allows church suit to proceed. The state's Supreme Court in Nashville, Tennessee says a 68 million. That will also led you that the Roman Catholic Dicis of Nashville, covered up child sex and used by a former priest can go forward. How do you like that? All right. The unanimous ruling issued the yesterday overturns lower courts, which answered the Dicis could not be responsible for the emotional distress alleged by the plaintiffs. The high court and its ruling said a defendant can be found. You'll even look the emotional distress. Even if it's misconduct was not directed at a specific person, the court said it's the decision broke new legal ground in such cases. Good. Put them all in jail. Okay. So I have a wonderful time in there. Just like father gay gums. How's he doing? He's still dead? Oh, yeah. Oh, you start when he's damn abused. So I'm going to have to get to the one I got on my, uh, look at your way. Don't have to come out, you know. Huh? All right. Only he though. A former altar boy who claimed he was molested by a priest reached a financial settlement of his lawsuit against the enrollment Catholic Dicis of Bridgeport, Capor Connecticut is attorney's and church official, say yesterday the plaintiff known in the court document is John Doe. City was molested the age 14 by the Reverend John Castalbo in the early 90s when Castalbo was priest at the St. Theresa Church in Trumball. His name and the tournament now released at his request. The settlement means New York, Cardinal Edward Egan will not have to testify next week. The attorneys be saying. And then abuse trial of notoriety, fraud priest begins. Massachusetts prosecutors formally dropped and accused her from the criminal case against the fraud priest Paul Shanley leaving just one alleged victim to testify in the trial that began yesterday. Two of the most notorious, one of the most anxious figures in the clergy sex and be a scandal. Yeah, anxious. That is a good word. Thank you. Right about that. Anxious. Prosecutors already had dropped to other accuses from the case and removed the third because they've been unable to find them since they're hearing an October when he had difficulty remaining composed to testify. The move to drop from the case was widely expected. I'm getting there. There. It's okay. I'm going to do the developments. And we exist to serve the American people. We serve the American people by helping the President execute his foreign policy. And we have much to work back on with satisfaction. Well, Paul Bitzler, well, by my colonel, the witnesses removed the leave family 73 facing three charges of raping a child in two charges of a decent assault in battery on a child. The victim in sentence would be life in prison. About any prospective jurors were questioned to day for the trial that is expected last about two weeks. Four jurors, three men and one woman were seen to be forepresent and intended for the day. Chandley's lawyer, Frank Mondano, has made a clear hear. He'll argue that the lower menu accuser made up his story of abuse to win a monetary award in the civil lawsuit. The trial is one of a handful of criminal cases that prosecutors have been able to bring against priests accused of a molestium very unpersonous decades ago. And it goes on and on and on. If we go to case about that anymore, we hit that was another thing. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said that. I should have said younger. No. I should have said that. Barney kavirtiroviss. I should some women sleep until the night time. A resort to exercise. Three women to exercise. Three men. What do we expect? But they are challenges, just like one month. that one start is true but the other side is since you know from the beginning of time they are all religious priests that earth is the center of the universe all things we are if they go with the intelligence design it leaves them a little bit of wiggle room now for if and I should say yes when likes is discovered on other planets well i should be going to get them out i don't give you an out exactly keep talking about check make sure my heat is off can i'm starting to gag here anyway but that there is a i had read that elsewhere and i put two together also but now for years they've been screaming you know there's no such thing there's a lot of screeners in there no question yeah my kids saw thank god that artificial heat man it'll kill you all that schmutz from the building gets in your throat and i feel that your best of CD still will no it will be re-offered when you put up a new one oh we might do one someday if we didn't have so many lazy people around the building okay i'll be keeping anything so i'm going to see these is that everybody rips them off we make one and all of a sudden within the first day that it's released everybody stealing and burning and moving i don't know that i'm on it you know i'm saying i know well you might go and watch that i said i don't and then everybody else is boot like it i mean i can't raise any money there okay i never think to do that we might just have to auction off most hairpieces if i want to be with i don't think so now here is see this is what i thought might be going on because we got some schmutzers there and we can't lay old battles with us and mo which is okay i have no problem with that because anything i say about him would be an understand it is is all mo is doing was comparing the old generation of broadcasts to the cookie cutter crap we have today when i case he's right cookie cutter crap is that what i was talking about just the other day Josh and i say that cookie cutter yeah don't let the schmutzers do but tell you different that's what rick said i'm sure that mo will straighten that on not really care but don't be starting about your crap okay between us and our good buddy mo now that we finally ended our fences i'll see how much it takes to get me oh yeah believe me i could sit here ripp him now from this moment for the next four years in my contract and still not even come close to making up for what he's done all of us to each and every one let me not charge court as soon as you try to get you fired yet yeah yeah yeah certainly but just about everybody else man you're gonna get fired and i'm gonna go to the great week and my mom will get my attorney every single person man we're just an old cravy alloy keep telling me that is old and cravy is used to be he's getting younger he flipped the ladies looking better now he's walking around with that flat top head i'm not gonna have a flat top haircut like Brian buzz cut so i think they have like a flat top head and act in like almost human toward you right lately right for sure i could be seeing much because he's doing four to seven which is exactly where our company does not want him to be and i think that's poetic justice i'm delighted to see in there from four to seven mo i'm glad to see that and even though i don't want my dog to have to go through all the angst please already gone through it so this is a good job for this company they punish you they don't reward you they punish you well that's correct that's true they make you go through hoops who the who they break you over the coals don't ask me why because they're much as say this i don't know i do with the problem is they just don't know how to reward people i'm not just talking about money that's part of the contract also i remember that mad dog was screaming about all kinds of expense money and gotten from the dolphin games everything they treat you like crap and then they oh well can't you'll be a little nicer to Greg yeah well when you start being nice to us and stop lying to us then maybe we'll be nice to you how's that it's called bit for tat i can't see another word no more bit for tat you idiots anyway so mad dog is on a two and that's a very uncomfortable situation can't you feel the discomfort in the air but feel something yeah so maybe that's what i'm gagging and choking on right now i said i don't want me to turn that on again don't do that if it gets too cold i'm just going to have to take those days off just turn on the oven like popo folks do yeah open the oven to turn it up you think i am Prince Harry from a chapter 11 and five six days together i like this thick his ass and you have an okay that right now and his brother and a whole family too i have a big oven and stick all those batten birds in there just heat him up a little bit okay just give a little watch for okay well as your next resolution can i do this body you're going to keep rambling on a popo popo is okay ease off a little bit calm down what was your new years resolution was it to lose weight well if you're sitting in your desk right now when your car maybe if you're like i'm buckling your belt because your perfectly shelving through undoing that top button i'm your skirt maybe you've already had to do that to little air out balance for life will deliver you five meals per day every day right to your door right your home at your work where we're hanging out all based on the popular zone diet that's right five servings five meals per day and you still lose weight and the best part about balance for life is that's the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices to want to check it out for yourself go to balance for life dot com and then indulge yourself with great things like delivery pancakes drill free cheese cake your will fin tunaburger grill fillet with parsley potatoes they even have a chicken and veggie pizza lay low on the bobbogginnus okay just kind of like cut that to a minimum all your snowbirds and stuff order right now should take this out to because they can tailor the meals to your pacific needs don't think you're overweight just take this simple be a my tested balance for life dot com go to the bottom of the page click on body mass index if your score is over 25 believe me you need balance for life so what you waiting for pull over to side the road put down at ten and get that phone just pick it up right now in the phone to call balance for life right now and start losing that way that you resolve the do we never get off call 1 8 6 6 2 2 5 45 43 that's 1 8 6 2 5 4 5 4 3 run away like I said it's balance for life dot com you listen to me you will need a rush as exclusively on five six two 8 5 now a little slower but neal I apologize it's way let home you are the true right now maybe it's talking I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a dragon, I'm a And you look retarded, retarded, tors endless and dóbed Please retarded, retarded, retarded, tors endless and tors endless, retarded, retarded, retarded, tors endless and dóbed and destructor, I'm a dragon, I can't remember any, I remember the truth, GOD BI7, and Fire, and Fire, so powerful, yeah. And it's time to make you look a little more I'm gonna cheat on this and try to keep it that way And I'm gonna get you out of the way And I'm gonna get you out of the way And I'm gonna get you out of the way And I'm gonna get you out of the way And I'm gonna get you out of the way And you gotta get me out of the way And you're the free target We gotta get you out of the way And I'm gonna get you out of the way And I'm gonna get you out of the way And I'm gonna get you out of the way It's time to run away There's a free way of everything that's small for me a point in flash and a pen that's somebody who obviously is either an idiot or doesn't understand the question says Bobby Kennedy first of all Bobby Kennedy was the attorney general under jfk and he was like a prominent political figure until he got assassinated in 68 so I hardly think that you call somebody which is a testimony flash and a pen we don't nevertheless don't put them on there you probably will put them on it why don't you have to keep a band of identity blue room Hey listen we're just all over the place. I mean this is the one sure where we admitted to you wait we don't care about getting it right We don't care about disposser we don't care about the audience We're just there to get the money. Okay, grab the money give us the effin money and I said get it over with already Like I said when you go to certain not a one-on-mentioned like any, you know But this shouldn't be certain gambling establishments They just ought to have a guy with a gun there when you're walking to the entrance and say you know put your hands up in the air Just pick up you've a saw your money and I'll go home and have a nice day That's it you know just hand it over in a brown paper sack maybe could borrow one from very jackass He's got a brown sack How many QA and hello Yeah, yeah, sure Yeah, well when you talk about the Catholic free things and I don't disagree with you It drives me nuts and gets my blood boil it Yeah, it's that most With the book sink any a sorry. Well, let me ask you this question How is it that people keep subsidizing such a corrupt organization? Why is that? I? I can't tell you but I can't tell you that I personally have stopped subsidizing it because I remember and I want to Abuse but there were my my What will go into records and I look back and read the article about it? My guidance counselor in the Catholic high school that I went to is gonna rest in the front and he's in jail right now Because he abused people when I was there and probably some of my friends were I mean I know kids that have committed suicide from my friend and it just Mixed my blood boil it's like We also had a thing and I know you talked about it yourself one time when we had swimming squares I don't know why yes from move You think you're thinking of the hurt yeah, but you didn't question it because they were hard They're all kids naked Right you did you didn't question it Actually when you went off your parents with that you said well, I got that what happened to be done right But it is this decision I would like that just like run them over in my car and it just right Hit me frustrated. I like to line him up on 595 right there by hiatus road and just when my core bed just I'll be out of the team man the day shouldn't they shouldn't have me? I mean the stomach is the one thing and money can do something But it really can't bring back your respect and the problem that you've gone through I mean in these people they should be putting jail to left and right and die right amen Okay, I mean or they should be put in jail like father gig and would be a worse the heart and criminal so to speak Oh It seems like a 10% or any of these other people everybody gets up and arms over I'm a new man. Okay. I appreciate it and I think how it being with the biggest support But you like what what though on everybody need a fight the real fuck Well, I'm gonna put my point. Okay. We're 18 now I'll pray for that Okay, 560. 560. 560. 560. Hail Mary and Holy Mother of God. Blessed are our family's woman and best is the fruit of the eye of thing and the other We can't see womb you forgot to say full of grace. Oh I know we can't see Nancy grace good. I can make my blood boils when I think of Nancy grace too Great, yeah, she is disgusting people would All and Phil Sims gets ripped and asked in here and this thing by the way We should all be proud of that that doctor's E thing Sports illustrated. There's just one line. It is so good We're gonna listen he rips the ASPN big you they get no stars Mike Patrick Tyson and Paul McGuire. They get no stars from this guy. Who am I looking for? Africa all Phil Sims it says This is the year the never never number one team prime against other jail literally terrible She thought they were gonna be good, but there are no they're out of two stars. They dropped He says Sims wrote a book in which he laid some heavy lumber on fellow members of his profession Physician healed by self. I have a half a page of howlers, but I'll give you only a few He says Pittsburgh Dallas week six you need a featured running back if you want to have success running the football Patriots, jets week seven if you want to really be good stopping the run You need to you need run stoppers inside Patriots dealer is weak eight. We're slightly football might have touched the top of the ground You mean it hadn't ended the cave yet. Oh brother Phil Sims Just hit him in ahead with a club before the game starts please listen paper. Oh never mind's man I guarantee he's gonna be doing that game with the Nance this week won't he probably oh god the AFC freaking championship game with Jim Nance and fill the motor mouth Sims Oh Shut up a sock in it baby. I'm turning the sound down. I'm just gonna watch the video turn the sound down WQA Yeah Can't okay No, guys make this look. Thank you, but See I'm speaking of Chris Myers. Let me remind Hank tomorrow morning cake making note I alright the one thing I really respect and Chris was a good guy. He was kind of a silly kid acute at KT But he interviewed OJ several years ago and really ripped him in ass He's one of the few sports nerd people that put him on his spot and really just do you remember that Josh I don't think so no he really ripped him good so I just gone Chris even though your face is blown up like a balloon WQA and hello Yes, sir. Oh, it's not that's exactly what I was thinking. He's a flash in a pan and opinion the ass WQA and hello Who do you know blowfish Okay, good one Yeah, I just want it. He has two excellent ones on it Well, why did you do that? Why couldn't you just read him when you haven't this finish about wasting my fast paper? Yeah, I'd rather waste a wax paper than fast paper because you don't have to chop any trees down to make wax paper People really use wax paper anywhere else did that once before yeah, they do well especially like butcher shops and everything for wrapping meat and everything Really and what now? I was kind of like you use aluminum for other wrap my meat. He was everything they use a lots of things Wax papers like kind of to lose waxing Yeah, little He's like tell them me to doesn't keep things fresh if you use it just by itself So what's the point then you wrap a package into take it home? You send me a facts boys from I must be kind of by way of like to the buffalo mudslides WQA and hello Now just stop off and cheat to longer. Yes, sir. Me or how about butter Douglas? Fustured Douglas. Yeah, okay? All right, my daughter remember mustard Douglas. No, I do Yeah, yeah, and New Joshua and he that's a good one five six seven oh five 60 pound five six 60 how about the Kent Douglas play for the Toronto Maple Leafs to about five minutes now. This to joke don't start with those hockey things now The blazers wants for three so they have one goal on the forward here at the shoot off Well, this guy's really saying what is that? If I see at the boss and garden means anything or not, but the oilers have won only two games here in the last nine years That's out of a total of 15 games To order the course say it means the 88 Stanley Cup now this could be with their friend Qsik on air boy talk about great Wow, he was sensational Five six and see Boston has got the guys. I'm not thinking about Boston sportscasters. Why are you back on that again? Because I feel like it they've all either been great or horrendous There were great guys like Johnny most in Kim Coleman and the Fred Qsik and then really terminal boring guys Like Ned Martin with a red sauce you have your red and my Ned Martin? No, oh Well, you have certainly you've heard the ball to the guy what that guy that does the red sauce games now He's on CBS little bald guy. It'll come to me I have a rainfar with his name. I can everything was named he is so boring just off I think it says the thing the villains are happy to be back home This past was cut and let's keep made the past one of problems and his partners were don't as the back We missed a great caller by somebody. I have no idea Why you didn't all the sportscasters because I feel like it because Josh made some ass and I come idea Today about how Joe buck was God and about how That davant boring guys the best baseball broadcast here ever in history of the Marlins and the history of national league And I had to take exception of that that's what I said Use you said davant boring is the absolute best and he's got the best hair piece even better than mows And he's got a hot wife and that what you said? Okay, moving in that he smells good and he smells great He's a good call Oh, what was that that was pathetic? It's 28 past 11 and five 60 WMH if you look at the mirror and you wonder where they're here all went and went down the drain on the flow It's gone Charles off a year. He can help you out of to because for over 25 over 30 years now this kind this shows in this copies five years old George All right, it says here. No seriously this copy is over five years old Troy so instead of coming in the morning and kiss in my ass like you were this morning Troy I'd rather have you like do something about some copy come in and tell me how many black quarterbacks You're gonna be playing in the year for in the last two games this weekend. I mean who gives a crab? Huh? Everything is a racial thing with him anyway for over 30 years Charles has been helping a famous and not so famous look They're best with his fantastic the most natural her system in the universe because the most critical area of any her system is the hairline And Charlie's new skin like her system is a hundred percent all we're fine Un detectable the hair looks like his sooner or not your scalp Charlie's work is guaranteed to me. I'm not gonna lose but you're ugly bald spot because you tried Charlie's system for 30 days About a month and after a month if you know look Fantastic if you're not ecstatic if you're not in all the action in the world just return it for a full refund Make the call today and get your hair back. Tell Charlie you heard about here on the meteorologist show and get your special QAM Toon it out of this cut off the regular $800 price of the best in the universe natural hairline system call 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 don't forget the secret to a really great hair system is make sure nobody knows it's not the real thing And Charlie's new skin like her system is his natural as it gets call him today and give rid of that bald spot look better and younger than the ever thought you could again 1 800 321 2413 around line. It's Charles alphiore.com You're listening to Neil Roger It's gloom's his body How many better than Neil Roger Here's another good one for the list by the way Yeah Oh, I got it. John Rockery got it. I bet you do. We got it. Some of we just these to you. Okay. William Henry Harrison. Yeah. He was a flash at a fan. He was a president for about five minutes. He went to the organ. Two hour inauguration speech out of the rain and the cold. Got pneumonia and croaked. Harold Martin. Who was, how big a part? Harold Martin. Harold. I have no idea what that is. Maybe that's sports guy. The heat player. The old heat player. Oh yeah. Minor. That's right. I remember how be always talking about minor. Minor this, minor that. I remember I built from all the talk about minors too. But that's another story. Coral. What are she doing in there? Miss come on. Gay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Let's get somebody's stories in here. Okay. Before we go. Because for you know it will be like one 30 and then I realize we missed all like good stuff including ripping most of more. One year ago. Groundhog Sunday. Only on the NHL network. I ride. See we always got hockey on my cable. Too bad. I know at least four of you care. But. You might say the Janet Jackson moment of President Bush's inaugural festivities came yesterday at a youth concert with hundreds of preteen Hillary Duffins in the audience. Or she'll be on that list pretty soon. Oh, how about for the list. Backstreet boys. All right. Right. Sure. 90. degrees. For some of those other. I think that's a good one. In stink. The biggest one. Right. Oh, tower. Well, that weren't even. They weren't. I've been on the planet. Flash. No. Anyway, get back to this moment of the inaugural festivities. No, no, no, no, no, no. It was involved with the viznial stop profanity. Probably didn't win a rock band fuel any fans at the FCC. No from the parents at the concert. Now the Pennsylvania band is just hoping the concert America's future rocks today wasn't there alive. Barling award for motley cruise. Plenty of season Did you قال? Welcome to the greatest ethno country in the world. Brett Sc Также we listen for music album, wait for the studio and here comes Now That's ведonист到底 number one michael ro bus ellas. TV everyone. Hot Wedding FC Who's most glad to plagiarize I'm heading for a ride by a ride to a car. It won't be nothing until I get home with my losing my winnings. The SEC's investigating he was wish to ban me Tommy Lee for a happy F.A. New Year, which he had live on NBC on New Year's Eve. The outbursts is one of the most interesting moments of two of these concerts hosted by Bush Twins, Jen and Barbara who were in the audience, but did not come on stage. I like that. They heard that nasty word. I've mentioned it never heard before. I grew and forward hitting their sticks up, but really hammering them. Duff was the headliner at the half of the, that's not Duff Lundsey. It's Hillary Duff. At the half-old, DC Armory Concert, which paid tribute to youth home, tourism and community service, Duff who performed in a Black Sequentop role of teens and sneakers. So, we've ever seen our Duff in a Black Sequentop role of teens and sneakers just yesterday. Warm-up to profit a present and first lady Laura Bush. Oh, and how you like that. My call to you is all is that as you enjoy the great freedom of Americanity, enjoy yourself at this inauguration. I hope you take away the lesson of helping somebody in need said Bush will ride for the end of concert after scations of mark. And when you do it, it'll all make our country better. They'll always have a lift up your own spirit. Other performers included 2003 American Idol winner Rubin Stoddard, Stuttdard. How come he's not on there? I don't know. Is that big enough yet? Top singer JoJo and the band, T. Doris Down. Also a famous performer football player Jason C. Horn, Ekhrosti and Baldwin, who wrote a skateboard on the stage. And next, excess Hollywood's Nancy O'Dell, who cohosted the entertainment show with Billy Bush, who spoke to Jonathan as the brother of former president Joe Herbert Walker Nazi Bush. A crowd favorite besides the Duffles singer songwriter Ryan Cabrera, a Dallas native who whipped up the audience with his jams on the guitar in the drums. Cabrera, a 20-cylice for Washington was in the seventh grade on a field trip. I lost my contact lens in the capital, he told the audience, urging them to keep an eye out for it. And I keep an eye out for it. Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a Verizon and singular writer's lines. Mad Dogga, too, the mole of my Stuart Four, my group post personal friend, Momaine. A great broadcaster in his own ride. Isn't he? No, come on. Somebody QM, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Your round yourself. Sounds just like me, yeah. How you doing, Neil? Good. How about Ricky Martin? Ricky Martin is sensational. I've heard from her in quite a while. Thank God. Nice to have that, Palau. Good one. Ricky Martin put her on, you're okay. You're okay. Mad Rikon. Put a flamer. Not quite as much as Jeff Garcia though. I still can't get over that video. That was something. That was a real fly opener. WQAM, hello. How about God or some of it, Mad Dogga? Okay. WQAM, hello. QAM. Good, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, how are you? I'm great. How are you doing? Good. I have something for the poll. Okay. Remember those segways that were everyone in the world was supposed to be riding by now? No, it's okay. It was going to be nice the world. And when you live with your wife, right? Segway. Fight for the world then. I haven't seen one, have you? No. No. Come and see one. Don't know. No, don't know. I'm the don't anybody that knows anybody. I don't know where you could get one. I read the motorsports. One of our first sponsors. Sure. I'll read them. I'll tell you where dealer. But I just, I just don't see them being that big thing they were supposed to be. And not for the one. You're not going to have to take the winners guys carry it on like that. Oh, this is really top secret. It's going to revolutionize. I thought it was going to be like, do you remember years ago they were predicting everybody had talked their little individual flying machine, you know? Oh, sure. Yeah, it was going to be like get a ride hard. You can fly a few miles. Yeah. Not too many of those. So I thought that was interesting. And one other point I wanted to make when you were talking about that Republican. You, you know. Not to you, yeah. That was exactly what I was going to say. It's just every time I hear a Republican youth all I think is not to you. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, absolutely. My friends, Harry, he could be a little leader of the band. I think he might have been there. Yeah. Anyway, that was my vote for the dead way. Thanks, leader. Have a great day. Good to be. Segway, you got an SIG. Yeah. We're going to be expected to reduce fines sponsor. There are sponsored. What station on the station on the show? What are the four times? We hope they sell a lot of them, but the fact that it matters is it just hasn't, it hasn't taken off. So it has been. No, it doesn't fly at all. No. But they have predicted that. And I was sure that that's what it was going to be. Your own little flight. Like a little. It's like a hot air balloon. Right. But motorized. But kind of like that thing like we're one or two people. You know, like a basket. You know, I had a little flying basket. You get in there and you could like go over to a public. So if you blocks or a couple of miles to work. And of course, seeing the way people drive cars in the South Florida. I can just imagine. Can you wait. Oh, look. I've had a scar. It's not Superman. It's a bunch of crazy old people tell me to other. Can you even begin to imagine it? Oh, God. Yeah, exactly. 21 till noon at five. 60 W.C. The South Florida start the New Year off right in trim down with the adkins South Featureg Mustards or any low carb sugar free diet. And here's a story that is a must on your shopping list. He likes a West Boca. Even TV's biggest losers are following a low carb diet. And the weight loss is positively amazing. For years, Delights is helped. Thousands of low carb diet is achieved. They're weight loss schools. The L.S. West Boca is positively or low carb one stop shopping place for the right supplements in the best L.S. and the best tasting low carb foods too. That's the important thing. You can be able to low carb diet. And that even likes to week or even three days because it gets pretty boring. And we're not in this. But if you want some things with taste that'll keep you on it, here's the place to find. The lights stop at and save any of their over 1,200 low carb products like their brand new. Chocolate dip cheese cake on a stick and their famous carbohydrates soft to our ice cream. They got a knowledgeable staff who know inside and out the secrets of low carb dieting. And they're open to read 8.10. And don't forget to give her a tea lowest price policy on all atkins carbolated and pure to light products to what the lights. The lights are West Boca will not be under sold. But your rate per is life on it. You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441. Red X to Boston Market. A column full free 1 877 low carb that's L.O.W. C.A.R.B. Iran Web low carb dot com. L.O.W. C.A.R.B. The lights West Boca, your official atkins retail centers. Sure this means that we'll Roger this. Exclusive. No light support the lights in the bed in Kyrie. She could win a new body hat. No, it's every time that you wish Kyrie blowing on the show fire. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You're not too tired. You've got 98 points. New co-qualified for your full absolute. Yeah, I would say. I would say about two minutes till everybody says, You're like sewer water. Also about Ashley Simpson. Give it another week until her show gets canceled. Everybody forgets about her. JW says, guess who had this facts here. It's just about going to do the other one for us. That makes me sick to my stomach. I'm so sick and tired of it. Some people have no shame. I'm so sick. You're a doctor. Yeah, that would be a pleasure to pan and floor to anyway. He was around at UM for a while and had some success. Except in this. He had a little embarrassment over there and tempered with a gangster crowd. Remember that the Josh? Yeah, and then with the cowboys. He was with the cowboys. He had some success there. Thanks to that one big tree. He came down. His wife says, it says after Jimmy and Wayne Chines up until that point up until the one set era. He quit on the fence long before Ricky Williams ever came to town. And a further stick into what he leaves us with his Coney Dave one set. It'll take at least three to five years for the first to recover from those two jackasses. And maybe get a new broadcast for my change things around two. I'm saying, you know. Somebody to work with a mad dog. Of course we have no other mad dog. Now listen, here's an interesting point. I'll watch you the stuff and think about this. I'll stop. Man, this is contract with us. Go through December of this year. Okay. Now the dolphin season. Obviously the pregame season starts in August. Right? Right. So the next dolphin season. All the pending awards are going to be. You're your father want to say it? No. No. In other words, if he still brought you to see, I say, his PN gets the dolphin games. And he's under contract to us until December 2005 this year. How is he going to be able to be over there if they don't want him to do them both? Double-dip in two different stations. I just I just drove that out there. I'm not saying that I had the definitive answer. I was going to play out, but it's certainly something to think about. It's another one of those dilemmas that they've created. It's up to my hand. My handling this whole situation so in Italy. So embarrassingly so humiliatingly and degradingly positively. Unbelievable. Anyway, did W says. And this is what really porked me off. Guess who has a beaded curtain now. Fat boy and old Ron. Oh God. No shame. No originality. No nothing. Shameless. I was talking to old Paul at the beaten set of yesterday. What was he? He was beaten. Yesterday they had an accord to hold on. And today they got cursed and dumped in the awaves. If I wanted to see them again, I'd go to my pictures on my computer. We voted out the poll. Rips you. I know he's listening right now. Oh yeah, you suck, Paul. Okay, you're pathetic. You're tragic. You're an embarrassment. Paul turned off the radio and had an original thought. You fat, uh, Ephesus here. God, I'm his Howard. Oh, they're his Howard. Oh, I'm not that Howard. For the full how about the Florida Panthers. I was good for the Panthers. That one big season, nobody cared. That's the good one. The Florida Panthers. Right, Galby. Hey, Galby hasn't made one mistake on his broadcast work with the Panthers this season. Right? Right. He and the team had that in common. Perfect. Perfect record. No defeats. He's a really doing a good. Galby, nice to hear old squeaky. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. You're the only speaking. Oh, hey, no. I thought, uh, Rick and Seth. Uh, what would you say, uh, what? It says he has a difference between flash and the 10 people who've read careers for years. It just ended at some point. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what everybody's talking about. Because I've got a clear. Okay. All the pets have not got anything. He thinks does it. He doesn't think. I mean, he put up a book. I mean, he put up a book. I mean, he put up a book. All those years. So obviously, he's got a tick skin. He can handle it. I don't think they deserve it. Beyond it, they were on for a long time. Veterans. They do all that well at I and Z to say the very. That's what put you guys on top. It's a soup kitchen line. WQA and hello. It's between flash and the. Oh, hey, no, no, no, no. How do you go? Get on that path. You know? I'm right here. You're on the past, man. Um, sorry. I heard you talking about the mad dog and, uh, you know, okay. They let you go and let him off the top of the broadcast. So it's just the stupid thing I've ever heard. Right. All the way around. Even if he stays on QA and which I doubt, but even if he stayed with us, if the dolphins in the other place are that petty that they would let him off. They're going to realize that he's he's the selling point on no matter who's doing a play by play. Mad dog is the drawing point on those dolphins broadcasts. Yeah, right. There was, there was another couple of I don't know who showed me called in on my heard of talking and they were saying, you know, QA and the smart. What they were doing on the smart. QA was smart. Oh, God. What a sense of you. What kind of is he's your one? What they should have done is, uh, you know, the TV delay and the radio delay. They should simultaneously have to make it the same so you could listen to the math dog. Why are you walking the game? Yeah. I mean, I was never forget the first time the dolphins were playing the patriots. We wanted to, and it would be on the list and the math dog. We're walking the game and the delay, the difference in the delay was still bad. Yeah. Yeah. It used to be, you know, simultaneously, it was no delay on our sporting events, but now because they're in such a panic and a cold sweat over the FZZ grant. We got about a 75 minute delay. So you're watching a game on television and then like an hour later, you know, they call it actually the call as it had a TV. We were watching Brady under center. And I'm sorry, uh, the dolphins, it was under center before the play was even shown on TV. We heard the, it was an incomplete path. So it was like, it was a particular thing. I mean, this, this season. Yeah, this season. The first time the dolphins played the patriots. Oh, I, that was before I guess they put in the 48 minute delay. Yeah, but, uh, yeah, that is the radio, uh, what the head of the TV actually. So, but I mean, can't do KQA, um, so I'm going to have to put the TV to make it the same. We sure could. We sure could. And where does the world is away, but not, uh, you said if QM were smart. Okay, that's all we need to say. All right, thank no. Good luck to us, pal. If QM were smart, if we were really on top of things, if we really knew what we were doing, right? If QM were smart, if the line was sanctuary. Yeah, my son was exactly. When you agree, eight track tapes. So eight track tapes is an excellent choice. That's perfect. That's exactly what we're thinking of for this poll today. Perfect. Um, how about, my name is how we would say, and beta format on V8 on the video tape, beta tapes, beta tapes. They know what that means. Yeah, they know what it means, beta tapes. I mean, even the existence is very soon will be in the, uh, Hello, uh, V8. VHS has been here for a long time. That's been a side by it. It's going to go away. Now that they got the, uh, no, I understand it. But what you call it, what you wouldn't call it a flash in a tank. It's been around for a long time. No, no, no, no, no. But beta tapes, I mean, did anybody ever even on a beta video record? No, not me. No way. 64 for Howard Dean. We got a pretty good poll today. If I say so myself, the article says a little slow catch it on, I think, or maybe they were busy checking out VFo's new schedule. Go for get D4 on the ESPNS starts Monday, 7 to 10 PM next Monday. Let's give a big send off. What do you say, huh? Sorry. Hey, listen, we like to plug the competition. We got some pretty stiff competition. That's why we like to plug them because we don't know. We've been listening to them anyway. Who or what is the most disappointing, uh, flash in a pan is our poll question today. Howard Dean 64, John, can't hang out. Hey, I got another flash in a pan for you. Okay. Speaking of radio, how about Greg? Oh, Greg. Greg, oh, what was that like five minutes? Was he on the turn for about two and a half minutes? You could have played blueberry hill once and he was gone. He was going to set the world on fire down here. Yeah. John carry 52, scrap for Ralph 35, Ross for O17, Vinyl I 17, Quentin Tarantino 13, Mark the bird Pidridge 12, Cecil Collins 11, a Kurt Warner 11, everybody else including Alien, uh, nine single digits. How about Howard Stern on QAM? Okay. You don't think so, don't think that qualifies? Well, with the criteria we're using the stage. Sure. Yeah, I think it qualifies. He was on for like four months. And by bye, bye-bye, Howard. We just, uh, uh, don't keep me started. It's just such a mess, such a nightmare, G. Nobody could believe it. Anybody from like another planet would just do not believe this. Anybody from like a real radio market would hear the story say. Oh, you got to be smitten me, man. It's fiction. So, how many QAM? Hello. QAM? No. What about Drew Michaels and, uh, what was in the name, Karen K? Drew Michaels, Karen K and the Sheek. There's three for you right there. Got it? Yeah. There's Karen. And what about, uh, the Sheek of Erbie? There we go. There's a Sheek. And who is the first one? Drew Michaels. And another break already? Yeah, that queen. That's screenwork. Okay. There's three more for your list. Wow. How many QAM? Hi. Yes, sir. I'm Parking Hill. Oh, hi. No. Okay. The first one is Ricky Martin with somebody said he's the Latin, uh, vanilla ice. Right. And one who your Felix? Who your Felix, I remember him in right field. Exactly. You're the honey who you remember those days. Yeah, the money. And the last one. For a junior. Oh, yeah. Woo. Oh, oh, yeah. Woo. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Chris B. Cream, house sheep executive, a federal investigation. They're investigating your crispy cream. Chris B. Cream donuts the scandal hit fast food chain borrowed bow to pressure yesterday and parted company was his, it's in battle. Chief executive Scott Livingwood. He'll be replaced by Stephen Cooper a turn around specialist. Oh, I thought that was, uh, what's his name? Bill Kamal was a turn around specialist. Easy. Or was just a Garcia who has restructured and run and lead law. The parent company for Greyhound buses. You know, something. I want to say it again. And I'm probably the only person in America who's thinking about this. That great-hound bus business. You know, I'm going with this. We never heard one more word about that. Oh, but those, uh, incidences. Yeah, because there was nothing to them. Obviously, it was just a bunch of a couple of wackos in the media. How do you know that? I don't. But it was right. It was right after 9 11 and all of a sudden. The way on buses were getting a hijacked and we're like slicing the drivers, strokes and driving a bus is off or a tip of them over on a road and a high community. Have you bought across country on a great-hound bus or any other kind of no. Do you know, actually not a great-hound bus. Wack over the standard pair. Get out of here. Come on. So another cover up. All right. The management shake up height and fears about the defeat of these facing Krispy cream. It's being investigated by the SECC of our lives. Mr. President Tations in the, it's in accounting methods. And it's also the subject of sureholder lawsuits. It shares once the darling of Wall Street lost. We coordinate their value last year. See, there's another example of why you take your money. This crap with social security. Want to gamble away your retirement money. What it looks like a sure thing. Then Krispy cream, right? Right. I mean, this thing was taken off faster than Halava in Miami Beach back in the day. And now they wouldn't give you a niggin'. Not only all these scandal stuff, but of course the fact thing in the low carb are all that and they used to be lined up there and now they're running from there. Anybody who walks by, they like to start running in the other direction. The management shake up height and fears about the difficulty is facing Krispy cream. Krispy cream said Mr. Living. Good who rose from being a personal personnel trainee in 1977. Because Krispy cream CEO since 98 would retire immediately. It's not sooner. He'd been under fire from Wall Street, which believes he expanded the company too quickly. Without the business, no homestayers are ready to guide the rapid growth. Mr. Living good has also been accused along with other company's ex. In sureholder lawsuits are filing false financial statements and trying to mass demand for the West second largest donor chain by shipping excess product to stores. Point that great. There's nothing like a good sale Krispy cream donut. I'm not knocking a product. Don't give yourself. There's no way in the world. I'd be a real liar if I told you I don't like to product. I can't even only two. Three is my and I've told you that before and people would laugh. That's true. What's the funny about that? They're very light. You can eat four easy. Three is my. That's my average number. Now score ice cream. I could eat half a gallon. You don't believe that. I don't believe that. Of course I believe it. Michael. Michael. I have 68 seconds. Get it to a nice. Not too mushy because it gets mushy then it's lost and you can't be free. It's like ice. You know, it gets bad. We just get all this little soft. I know. Those are the day would get three people and we eat all four hours all throughout the show. Right. You were special. Right. Back in those factories. But I'm like it's data. Well, I've told you about eight thirty. We've already eaten two meals every day. The homestayers. I don't know. I've been asked to me at about the weight thing. It was a far bit for me to start picking on people like Hank for being fat. You know, I mean, look at my self and a mirror. Fat tub. But I just don't want to see him because when you get up early in the morning, like I told me before you have more hours to eat. And when he tells me, well, I hasn't figured out what to do the rest of the day. I can just think of. On your mind, your man. You know, have a few extra meals or two or three or four. Two minutes till noon at five sixty WM domain man Anthony Kelly and over to second the American scavalor. I didn't want to say this. He's just about everybody's main man. I put a number to my list because after seeing him, we would zero at Lido, naked last night. Zero at Lido is my main man. But everybody else's main man Anthony Kelly and though at acceptance scavalor Morgan says it's time for New Year's resolutions. Like most Americans pay off your credit cards. Lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash when and doubtful it out. And investing in real estate at the top of your list. South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US. So why keeps so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates? No need. The main man's New Year's resolution is to give back to the community this year. And so this year they partnered with Kids in Distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000 abuse and neglected children each year. Acceptance, capitalist, donating the apportion of all commissions on every closed loan of this great cause. With six kids of his own, the main man knows how important being a parent is. So forget about calling anybody else called the main man Anthony Kelly and though toll free. One triplet for a three loan or go online at the main man dot com and you can have a lot of that application right online. Call him today 1 8 8 8 8 4 8 3 L O A N You want to see me? You'll run your ass. On 5 60. And. This is the candy. I like to relax. I have a very magnalling massage. My balls. I listen to the new Rogers 12 to 1 hour. Okay. Oh, that. Oh, that. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm just a part of the world. You guys might be with me. You street free. Oh, I wouldn't write with no way. I said I do it as easy as you can. So I'm just sitting on a face and go ready. Waiting for the lovely place you take me away. Or just to find a picture of the way with my friend. I'm just a part of the world. You try to change. But the boys can't always stay the same. All that good of you would give a toast to me to do. The kind that I leave, she must be in pain. Just give me a gift and rest in my home. When they wipe my wife or leave me alone. We filter over and I never win. I just wind up stepping through the morning again. Oh, you so I ship. I have been to the ring. Waiting for the lovely place you took me away. I want to go back. I want to go back. I'm just standing there. You're not on the way. I don't want to go back. Probably three or five 60. I thought we had to dig out somebody oldie moldies. We don't play those often enough. Not often enough. Probably there are people out there who listen. There's a lot of oldie moldies. Including the ones we can still play from last several years. Not turned in man. We can still play. They don't say. Or have some gay. I'm dead in it. Join George McGill and Voka Brian. Five to seven for happy art. Treasure Island. The staff knew it. I've got to tell you. I'm not going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm not going to play. That's a little bit of garbage. I bought him. Got a fair price. What do you think I've done? I told him with mineral water. That's my red bucket. I have 5 260-6, what's that? Brood Africa's ever. You totally don't say that, it's really small. Isn't good. I want to do those. Over there. This is my bike. I just like to attach it. an acceptable movies and serity and that's something that's something pretty good anyway that movie I saw one of anybody else has ever seen that movie the last of the high kings would yearly to have a term the only person is crowd has ever seen that not a good movie until like the last third when they have that screw in scene and the everybody's start making and then it comes kind of interesting you know all right this seriously and then everybody gets plastered in five things speaking of uh... plastered johnny Russo can't refuse i might need to probably been drinking please again take the call it is a godfather co-star and pombies visitor listed his face this is what what papers this from is it all the pombies post i mean we use a he was the car costar the movie what i know he's one of the least of the characters least is right post of the most is he was a not much he played car low i don't get a lot take a look at you what we call goodbye come out of the one where not call over car low he was a tani's uh... has been it was his journey rusey ruso is probably best known as the godfather's color is all done call only three z seven law who beats up cony and dyes courtesy of a giraffes after crossing the family every turn around all high uh... commenza but now what was his first name commenza i'd be ready to see because i think what he turned about he's coming back to the color by his first and remember i'm a person's like really nitpicky and very minute but a skyfather retribute people we've got a no-like exact dialogue what was commenza's first name i mean tesio sal sal tesio right salatur do we even know come across the room what is it across the room looking for the book okay just relax okay do we have plenty of time here anyway car over so downcroll on so please settle a bit of cony and dyes courtesy of uh... uh... come into garrison never crossed the korea on his sister's but single actor ruso has been busy and last ever decades of her in several movies like after the sunset uh... tv shows including a few upcoming episodes of a and he's growing up got a uh... uh... no he's got to be a gweed on now on growing up gotty and on cd mm stage there are all these new things in my life he says i'm in my sixties and i've had such a great life i'm great physically and well fed i love life and singing i love that more than acting in portrait so who appears today at the poodle lounge for a lot of the house remada plaza beach resort hotel and a collection of cruner classics called an evening you can't refuse i like that and evening can't refuse and if you do but i'm uh... he lists five things he can't refuse one palm beach in the winter and getting out of the cold two obviously a great glass of wine three gorgeous women that's why i'm always in trouble is his i have eleven kids for a beautiful yacht and five a golf game i've just started but i've been told i'm an actual golfer i was also going to leave us last one there golf don't ever take sides with anyone against the family ever ever ever ever i think i'm just going to play the godfather seen the rest of the show give it's so comforting you know okay so schmalsy the theme with drops over it yeah or you're with us in part sounds five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty unneverized in singular wireless line w q a and h q a n yeah thank you for your speaker it's coming some people now when he turned i don't think he did say peat he wouldn't call him peat no i can't believe it say oh high fashow i want to say you do that anymore the thing with the Garrett with the rope you know they put the rope around the neck not high enough i'll go ask somebody hey go ask uh... salatu about that we're on it and it also also right virtual what is the captain's first name captain the clusking um... cheese i haven't got any idea i know we're still in hidden was the actor but he asked me that i have no idea mark mark mark mark mark we never we never would have known that no anybody else i'm looking no i think you got a move how about bazoonio cunio you've never done a cunio never done a he has it a five families there was Bruno's Italian there was um... what was the other to tallyer Bruno was the bald head in one with a little a whiskey nasty musta anyway so till you before i have to turn the page and what about bazini he was a tip Luigi barzini i mean i'm just gonna go to the sun so Luigi barzini might be it come on now what was that act was named the fight barzini don't tell me great actor oh you got it there that's right loading here we go give me a hand giving the first name i don't have it yet boys is a long list real tattawi right worth partzini yeah he's up on the steps uh... wants to him no more no Richard connie by the way thanks oh why didn't you say that i said this given a first name you saw a little bit did i just say Josh just give me the first name yeah but for the instead of so we don't it sure who said it hey oh thanks that what's hard still doing air is here but still doing their good or work yeah it's noon and he's still there he ought to be at the track right now he can me's gonna miss the first race by the way hank b's sure and say hi to our good friend Phil sols from when you see me i mentioned the fill a couple of times on the other fact he was retiring after a long and the last day of the career good guy he is retired and i guess he's not a ghost from you well you blame him no oh and now i'm so glad you're there i want to ask you one thing who's who's thick stove or god naked pictures of oh boy the worst you can you believe he's doing he didn't know what gets me about him he tells you what the horse is thinking during the race does he really it takes of uh part of a horse is an adamied and know that yeah which part of that i can't say a joys was here oh you can't say a s would joys around that's how i want to ask you about it so but he's just i'm wrong with the deal is because he's so many of you are crazy time dork and want to be you know he tries to do the dork and stile you know and he doesn't do it well but how's he doing the race is out of california he you know he does uh how he would park right so he he not only he's working for a stronic track and a Churchill downstract yeah he's amazing to me and then he also works northern california he's got to have some naked pictures somewhere he's there and i've had you who i've really grown to like which i didn't use to like him because i haven't i'm offended by that whole british accent thing is Trevor deadman he's pretty good he's good reaching down finding more that's his favorite expression yeah no he is very good and i never heard him make him a stake ever i've never because i have the racing channel you know by the way full of you park post time for uh the first race come out very soon i gotta get out of here i don't lose too much oh no wait a minute don't go yet what was it gonna ask about Chris Meyer oh i was just gonna say one thing about Chris because we mentioned this morning as faceless blown up the greatest respect i ever had for Chris Meyer is several years ago he didn't interview on ESPN of oj and he sliced him up almost as bad as oj sliced up Nicole and Ron i mean he really ripped him an ice i thought you go all boy it was great do you ever see that no i don't remember it was great you had been very proud if i would have remembered you had i seen it i i seen it yeah okay all this to much but i waited you a see about oj's daughter what about her uh it jones flashman had a note in her old today about how she got in a fight at a high school basketball game she was in a stand since she smacked a couple of girls who were there and they were fine and she was firing f-bombs at the police and that's right alright yeah excellent right yeah you know when i was talking about this morning because drone flashman there's such a constant reporter it's like she took this course it says you gotta get a refact and the last line and the item says raps in one again forty thirty seven beauty get all the details i think drone flashman's been around longer than ukola cast in time have a great day hang you're doing it probates past new to five six boys here's nice to have a the hump around i haven't seen him in about two years i don't think you're in half and now we're like uh i'm the same page and of course we got what's his name do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do now he's all right mother those people are just trying to stir up the crap okay they're miscoding him they're trying to stir up a can try to feud which is okay bring it on like wish would say bring it on right there's a word we can do and i want to eat now can't was just in there sure hope he's not eaten well uh oh it's totally they see you yeah and and it was a meal you by my side immediately one partini immediately so we never heard that during the movie and we didn't know immediately by the nothing of the body of the body of the all the so thanks to Tony's over there on four forty one and whatever no the nine four forty one there are four forty one one ninety third a like i said that on four forty one one and third thanks Tony's you guys are great whatever happened to your brother buddy pony tail he don't like us anymore sure does yeah twelve thirteen and five sixty wqm Armstrong Ford vice president general manager David Ritchew loves us like crazy called last week to tell us he's overstocked with mustangs wait till you're these prices you're gonna flip he said Armstrong Ford will blow out these new 2005 six solder mustangs for his little as seventeen thousand nine hundred bucks that's a savings of over 3,500 plus i got a couple of two thousand four miles left and get this the let them go for just twelve thousand four ninety nine original MSRP was eighteen sixty which means you save over fifty six hundred bucks it's unbelievable great deals plus is always Armstrong Ford includes tires and batteries for life with every vehicle purchase great prices added value friendly unbeatable service that's the difference that Armstrong Ford homes did so when you're ready for a new vehicle come to the dealer that treats you just like family Armstrong Ford home to its south west 307 three new s one exit at the Campbell drive exit out the turnpipe prices include all factory rebates in discounts with a fruit credit plus tax tag and fees tell them that old fat boy either one sent you by the Armstrong Ford of homestay five six three all two calls ever hurt my little rod you're all yeah uh Jennifer starting here about you and Brad I need help we're going to like me to do you know I want to man oh well how about this inflatable run Jeremy Tom what's pretty cool huh it's his vibrating man tool oh my gosh have you ever seen anything like this before this is the first time in my life so what do you think you should never be a last class of explosive action it's even got a spring loaded concrete rich with turbo broken action there was an obnoxious that umchist pedal brine with a mustache seen a surprise action now you know who that is yeah no he's yeah that guy yeah excellent those exports flunkies anyway for the pool John Wayne Babin oh yeah we can't talk about that too much she could have his right John Wayne Bob it's good one there's another one I think somebody already said this I'm sure they did I don't know if we put it on or not because I'm not paying attention Harold baby Jordan minor and he was really great he was kind of a minor factor also it's his how many votes did Sanbrite O'Connor receive yesterday not turning man don't forget to take all of these two clean court justices naked as a jibber not maybe not for real but close to it right so what was Pauli last name Pauli sure oh close goto goto yeah never would have done right can't Pauli the cat here's what we now mama Corleoni oh Pauli mostly him no no yeah what was her first name is uh more gana king oh that's who played her I know that we don't know these things because they were watching in the movies she didn't write that she didn't have a first name it was just mama Corleoni mama Corleoni mama Corleoni this Corleoni sure is right last one bonnet yeah well one thing about mama Corleoni she was beautiful oh yeah what was his name we know I mean the movie was Jack Jake Walls Jack Walls Jack Walls but what was uh the actress name he just died John Marley John Marley he's a guy I told our son and some other movie and was all oh horrible movie about uh he was a husband and this family that had all these unbelievable problems and he was like always what the hell was that movie and the son oh that was that movie when the son went out to war and he came back what the hell was that bizarre weirdo movie was like on the uh screen channel there were much of screeners and they got some came back he got killed in action and then he comes back from war but it's not really him as the ghost of the son oh yeah bizarre and John Marley was the father he was some more to watch him so what was bonus hours first name this is cute that they named him that because he kind of says his own name and his first line he says his own first name and his first line sort of he says I believe in america right his name is america oh america america was named yeah well I'll be here it's up when I should listen yeah I know but come on yeah now I was just gonna get there yeah oh two bad marlin brando kick so i'll pick up this black gully right you haven't got to do something with them you still hockey season going on yeah once we get started with a godfather we apologize we just can't get off that thing it's just uh infectious you know infectious uh here's a really good one for the full the WMD's in a rack yeah don't you think that's an excellent choice that even who what is the most disappointing flash in the pan those WMDs in Iraq and that's this is about for sure they're over here have a good on that if I play that one or he's looking for the WMDs uh... yeah i'm pretty i don't think uh... George a rift at yours for this continued to search for WMDs those weapons and has to start to get a somewhat George you promised you'd find them i will not rest no weapons over there George what are you doing no weapons over there on mr. bush i switch the medication for you George chill no weapons over there we go deal time out company luncher jackford agree with me that the promo for handcovers call in that return for the touch on the eagle rans game that was that call was pathetic yet it'll be a pretty good side who was that was that the TV call might have been dexterity uh... mind i couldn't make it out because it's like a little muffled call for a horror or a horror or a horror or a horror or like that and packed quite frankly i would imagine who ever did that call and why have it disguised just no was sent it was kind of like a uh... uh... day van boring call up up that way and that was a great song by the fifth dimension but it's not a very good home on call especially when you sit and kind of like a monotonous up up that way it's a grand slam on your just terminal he's been i'm gonna rip him in his all year long or you can't do that choice of it upset so that's good news out i can't wait to have a story about the books here maybe going to do the TV thing that would be great we love to google on let's see exactly how many i'm uh... that's not one okay it's very that guy who's mentioned that the fact that we're in a UK soldiers abused the raki dt in detainees for a tool abugar right the program to be used to what to bring it the photographs of the lives of the use of a raki dt in these by three british soldiers reflected shocking and appalling incidents the prosecution told the court martial in germany on two days see every time you mention the brits you got the germans in their somewhere too because of the same people the batten birds prince harry i'm so glad you brought them with a whole family the got some or shpaka out of that Nazi closet according to the charge sheet obtained by the financial times three men age between twenty five and thirty three are accused of simulating violence against unidentified detainees of driving a bound man around in a forklift truck and forcing naked male detainees to simulate the performance of sexual acts see that factory always gets in there always always the three soldiers face a total of nine charges between them relating to offenses led to taking place in an eight camp near bazaar and southern rack in me two thousand three the cases the first of its kind involving british forces quite a little they saw still by how not get on the night i get on the fun odd bad news from a rack again but the news delamerica gunman shot and kills recanded they'd running in a rax anywhere thirty a solution but we're gonna run official city yesterday is a suicide bombing killed two people outside the offices of a leading she i political party but that's only the beginning as shkaga would say only the beginning in ninety minutes today forced to decide car bombings cover these twenty five rackings in and around Baghdad the was meant to resist the terrorist network led by abum was subholzer kaui who obviously hasn't been captured was ties to alcataclambra's responsibility for the bombings and posting is on several i love Islamist websites i don't know just my city's in passing because everything is going pretty well great enough to let you all wear fly everything is going really well okay a few dead bodies over here the electric is only on a couple hours a day and phone service ain't working too well for most people but other than that uh... things in this gone hunky dory and the water is all polluted and they're lined up for hours and hours to get gas because of the fact that even oats the uh... rich or country that it is most of the oil pipelines getting like blown up and uh... set on fire so as a result and you see the thing where this online for like hours just to get a thing yes sure but you're forgetting the most important thing and way i know everything is a good job of the horse i know freedom is on a march forgot about that even a obu gar right five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and a variety of in singing a rava slime w q a m hello oh yeah yes sir i want to go okay the base of the role as their popular about two minutes get on the well to all three and bad is first ever was sensational second one was horrendous this was okay two out of three even talk about that sixty seven w q a m hello a n l s up how you doing pali you have some split by his one year doing that cross over hang yeah told you the uh... hit the treadmobile for now every day after all before right and i don't think he gets treadmobile for anything except for four well we will work with his fist alright fine five six seven five sixty why is he doubt that okay i mean i have no idea i mean you know a lot of us fed people i have a treadmill and the next is by George gave me the exercise by can my house down here and if i were there i'd be using it would not no i was there for that week and i used it during our week but oh no i was under a lot of stress man that was that that choice and uh... curlin beathly stress oh god i need to have a lot of me so they can remove any memory i have of just that week from my brain it was just it was just beyond belief starting a course with a call from norma akin to the water not see oh you're gonna have from joys uh... don't tell me about this it's too embarrassing rigs to embarrassed just when i thought you didn't have any embarrassment factor and come to find out even for him it was too embarrassing because when you tell tall tales there's a word for that isn't there when you tell tall tales uh... an exaggerator uh... pervericator perver that's what the p re pervericator i think there's a shorter word as much of the most people know i think that might be the one yeah hey if you're less than fifty grand last year if you're answer is yes to that question it's time for career change pick up that phone and call the good folks at fast rain because they want to change your life they want to help you get some real cash that we can do that is have training for real career if you have some skills man you can get some cash fast-trank and i've been training ready for a brand new high-paying career in his last four short months kind of uno dos tray uno dos tray see i can't pretend to be a ten in the start counting rodo a tray quattro do a do a do a do a remember time a see do a through a near no nineteen forty four and of course in forty eight do a be true man fast-ray offers high-divine high-pay career training if you like computers ever thought of becoming a computer network professional call fast-trained tool for e one eight six six fast-trained the demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high and fast-trank can have you trained already for new career and is the less uno dos tray squad for months ms fast-tray's got locations in candle my mepemper finds in for a lot of daily off-year job placement even financial aid from people who qualify so what you wait and for day evening and weekend classes are forming right now as i speak get out of your dead end job say goodbye to your buck plug boss and get yourself some real cash with the job thanks to the training you can get at fast-trained call them today there's no obligation no get you off your dead end call one eight six six fast-trained you rush crucibly five six the every highway hassle without pouring old horn honk now you can get everyone's attention with the auto-mine next time the light tone screen turn on the auto-mine can say I'm full on get off the cell phone and start moment the auto-mine helps you deal with laying cutters hey what I'm glad you failed gaited this might help life the weezo even pedestrian hey you kids if you don't want to become a hot ordinance get out of the way with the auto-mine you can handle any driving situation hey you chiever i think you want to feel like a serial killer we can see you picking your nose your kitchen windows keep auto-mine up and avoid auto-plot source and carry out the deal is everywhere you'll never believe this when i was double net bit in the vcs okay that we're just my guess that point which is we can see you picking you know it's guess what i was doing picking your nose yeah well you think i was like hot too real quick that was care what 1231 and five sixteen wqm who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan of all time howardine 77 john carry 61 scat for ralt 36 he's kind of like dropped out of the running for real i think you're right out of sight out of mind we've thought he was going to do well in that freaky voice so we're just think to voice you know they not that i'm not going to say you know the short memory in this time is that what you're saying unless you do something wrong let's you cry and then they remember for life or number bill come on in my right mole absolutely uh scat for all 36 Ross per o 19 vanilla ice 18 put in trentino 16 marked the bird fed rich 14 i can't believe that many people remember him remember the bird who the bird howard stern on qm is already got 13 i do we just put that on there right and zooming up the list c'sl column 13 curr Warner 12 and rodice clay 11 can't like church molestation cases 10 brine vaso or 10 alien Gonzalez for the little alienito hey good i need a black nine Harold minor eight still hungry's got eight are you sure millievenly seven asslee banfield six George Lucas six to me Johnson five the Florida panthers we love that panther yeah right well out your ass panthers who do you need blow fish Aaron summers four the wmd's in a rack of got three the segue busted up with some three new coke wicking martin to these robman twin pigs each have two one for care and case spelled wrong one actually some I told you we don't put actually Simpson on it which is also spelled wrong why she on there is a putter on there no i said in about a week she's not done yet she's got a TV show there's no talking about her man they all got things they booter that doesn't make her a flash and a pen they booter because she sucks yeah boy the last week boys one kato kailin one jury raffady one and none yet zero four jury raffady the base of the street rollers john bobbit drew michael's eight tracks in stink ninety eight degrees or john rocker don't have any I don't understand that can you figure that way torn well when you know it's when you think that uh... john rocker and more votes in market bird fidgetry i mean fidgetry the i was like twenty some years ago i think in history even i heard it john rocker right even you know he's off his rocker would all in um... patience and a this people of the world's nest looking about on a subway john rocker crazy person we still play that one the other psychiatrist interview yeah why not what's wrong with that that i can take up you already oh and we also got john related bobba found a word playing out one why he says you can't off my basis the word which is a better we got this one a little mr rocker i don't know that we're going to see me first up said we will do the roe shack test which they love when you're really a tongue like that all your boy friends uh uh she didn't guy i got a good uh roe shack test is uh in class as they say in English and i will show you the thing class and you tell me the first thing that happens to your mind yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah some of the what do you think this is almost out and this let's both okay and this one infected Haitian alright how about this body downtime riding the baloney pony impresdened what let's move it on shall we let's try some word association i see a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head no mr rock we haven't started yet hi here we go dog heinous cat like a wave the color blue where you don't john why are we trying waiting among the four you respond jerk mr rocker i only wish to be a friend why you got me on this couch dog you mo what your five point john i'm a man sure you know what your wife's name chock no action it's glad yeah your glad is sitting out that you're a five point come out of here why are you running stop running john john are you a wild thing you made my heart sing i do agree with john rocker i want to know as soon as the cat and microwave i like that association that's what i think of don't you you know he'll be on it four don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't 24 till one a qm now here's that's so i couldn't find me for but i found it just as the couple of paragraphs it's two the pressing of a no fan ask of it or you have bush yesterday i'm failed a proposed 61 point six billion dollar state spending plan that would cut taxes pay by florida's wealthiest let me say it again that would cut taxes pay by florida's wealthiest while hitting students with higher tuition cutting medical services to the states neediest and providing little money for public schools nice going that has jab all right surprise you know runs in a family man they're all hard they're compassionate conservatives void by a robust economy and a boost in post-tribert can tax customs from rebuilding efforts the governor's proposal is four billion dollars higher than the state budget approved by the legislature last spring and continues to add the bushes tax cutting legacy with the call for two hundred and eighty five million dollars in tax relief mostly for the wealthy wealthy buddies for shunt buck buddies for the fine as governor same graphic is brother man at least the families consistent just like uh... his wife and other governor's uh... smuggling wife plumb up right just like his son caught a kid that's doing we leave is in a parking lot to the other kid has been in his girlfriend in the uh... in the uh... shopping mall parking lot and the two clock and they have to know and don't forget cracks but and of course the cracks smoking uh... uh... what's your name no well no well that's right the last no well w q a m hello you guys last year family including meal bush yesterday i got uh... burning care and i got off and shall be awesome to lobby two good ones and i got picked by top for the broadcaster and i got uh... martman wire for the sports bag yeah and uh... i got uh... barber boxer for the next uh... media of the uh... president of the bank okay great thanks no she's a bit less present i live over barber boxer maybe kicks a mess with our she's got a pair for she had kind of leaves a disc or my name like all red and the face you can tell you're easy but she take my work for she's getting all red and the first and the actor play jack vaults was the father of the in the move that oh yeah right the father of the movie loves to rate how's your drink time good right into tell me work for call the only time jack vaults right g they already let me just had it you just told it to me he was a little bit of kid that when i'm the ghost came home from the uh... darn mary john marley right his brother was probably jake of barley member scoosh and marley no bobberg the uh... that's right bob marley that was his name where did you take a marley bob marley from uh... christmas uh... carol right okay and louis carol and else rentele wonderland cia all in all this like one's big hard pod man all i could jumpals in the together you know like a big hard pod w q m hello q m got you sir i'd like to register a complaint go ahead i've been even donates for about thirty five years in a real donate has like a a chinky like substance to write but a bit of sugar cement on it those uh... christie cream those are perversion and their nasty and i don't know why everyone likes them i i think they're fabulous oh that's just uh two sugary two gross and under the law okay don't any i got a good solution for your problem what that don't need them saving for the rest of us okay who got the taste because anybody who eats like pumpkin donates all i can say like the chinese have a word for that ff f e h f take dough that's a dry and quick and kick dough and that's his not real donates kick dough and so i kick their their their kick their shaped like donuts but real donuts are donut shaped like that donates like christie cream and by the way christie cream's been around forever that christie cream on a hundred and sixty to sixty through a nerf army beach that's been there since uh... for about thirty years at least that's got to be the first one in south Florida doesn't it oh i don't know you know what i'm talking about i do the nir forever and there's also a uh... diner right next door that that's been there for about eight million years but that christie cream to law me for anybody even heard a christie cream that one was there and i was stopping her being out and you have to have peaches records to write up the street there hundred sixty-three street shopping center remember when you used to be like how many how many white people are looking that they were not but plus is kind of change a little bit but uh... back in the name and it christie cream was legendary and peaches like kitty corner right uh... and also you know what used to be in that store in peaches before was peaches wolfies okay i've actually a humble remember all of these things and used to be the place called hot dog uh... not hot dog heaven that's not used to be on them of sunrise right i think it's not no but there's a hot dog joint that used to be there filthy filthy who's got hope it's not solder twelve will be for long of it is oh no it's honey island don't you remember that no get out of here was coney island man i live in brown back in the day i live in uh... it is a right hundred sixty-three is like right to county line i live in the retorts it homestead the uh... that area is a story of here nineteen to one and five sixty-one to come the air mode coast wants to do uh... we have a great new year and they're proud we're not so you can still enjoy lobster festory fried into sunday at the air mode coast their florida's number one asian gourmet buffet that's not just my opinion that's as read by the get restaurant review who knows their craft and in this neighborhood coast all you can eat buffet now can enjoy succulent juicy main lobster served thermorgostiles start your mouth watering experience with the choices six different soups and sample dozens of oriental treats including fried snapper and a five sweet and sour sauce and old favorite whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce it doesn't say who's favorite that is but it's an old favorite also enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over thirty different item buster demand if you still have room after shoveling all of this good stuff down your post air mode coast out of this world is a bar now features term asu ice cream without your favorite toppings in a brand new stinty are chop of fine do found just and under it let's a chop it just dribble on all over your body don't forget the emacos per was healthy living to because they don't use any MSD no cornstarchs no crap they cook only with the better we in school even cholesterol free cano oil emacos three locations for either in sunrise any house beach in pember pines for a real feast anytime this is a place to go emacos reservations call it nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two two and a half my little guy was ever going to just like make all the one day mother's success now i make sense mama feed your right taste it then the second word second word i guess that's the word he probably heard most is third word i was kind of hoping it would be that all right but it wasn't it's kind of like you will jai but actually turned out with McDonald's he's an angel McDonald's a mom that he's now he wants to go there let's say let mama fix you know me you know come on that has go to hearty hearty's new monster fake burger with four strips of bacon three slices of cheese and two thirds of a pound of human flesh because McDonald's is great when you've had this by the lord of darkness it's all of his register trademark of McDonald's cooperation and i've always still did twelve forty five five sixteen every three of them see start thinking about those changing neighborhoods for example when i was home alone to Ruth Chris and we drove east out there on sunrise and we're out pieces used to be there when of course now it's the very flint said hustler joint right but you know it's not gonna adult the video and toy store well you know what you want to talk about i don't know exactly where you're right used to be a pizza and type of anything like fourteen thousand or something whatever it is and everything in that is all changed around and the same with that north mommy beats thing the unicorn restaurant that was a sponsor mine used to be right off in fact crispy cream or whatever street that is the corner on right down a street would you made a right there as you go and uh... east that was the unicorn remember the unicorn who enters another Italian restaurant there which i think was one of the hand sponsors across the street from that which i'm sure is still there and was a sponsor mine for about five minutes i can't be those or videos was great remember videos i do i remember they brought food in many times oh didn't they really if i do recall videos was sensational somebody will you can't take him to backman just can't go back that's why when you like living in the city thirty years ago like the trodde of Boston you go back and say gee where's uh... this where's my combos where's uh... all the great restaurants are still out sorry now not here on my words uh... uh... world of the uh... the kishintiki not there were boss and where's the principal getting house not there the only thing i still in Boston i don't think you'll need most is even still there but they still got bribing ice cream hmm man here at bribing ice cream but you never been in Boston yeah place you'd like a lot not in a winter time but in the summertime they're great anyway rock-o-says for your list the xfl excellent choice lead that was going to take on the NFL the only thing that didn't come out of this was the camera that glides above the field on wires and don't forget he hate me a player who went on the NFL and played for Carolina last year he hate me he has how bout skip carries an out-sit will be remembered in twenty years uh... borderline skip scood and uh... but not legendary citizen difference right or he's uh... he's not on his he's laying out on his he's still wounded over joe buck he's he's just all better shape over joe buck just ask hank again tomorrow off the air ever engage in the conversation he'll tell you about joe buck rams with suck that's right joe buck his uh... just a voice that's all just a boy good voice he's good voice he's one he's good he's okay okay i'm not saying he's bad but i was a poll that eagle game well when the when the clock ran out i mentioned this year that i mentioned again how can you be the play by play guy in the game and not the aware the fact that they're letting the clock run out they complete a pass would no time out slip and it's like six seconds left in a clock and a clock runs out and they they pass up the three short points and it was like ten seconds later something must have poked him and arrived all and of course the Eagles uh... the clock runs up and he was oblivious he's just not into the game on off okay he's just too like i don't know kind of boring not as boring as they got a call that put return for the touch on the promo actually like to hear that that was that was pathetic anyway here's one from kithin bokeys is the most disappointing flash in the pan was brine greasy that's not what they're saying in Tampa look at the great year they have right well brine greasy that's a good one how's it as long brine uh... come on now let's see joe shalton was a bigger busted says the first part taken the draft by the marlins josh hamilton i remember who the had my wife's who was it i'm where i was and her hamilton i remember josh hamilton maybe that was like the inaugural year something because i don't know get out of here josh special beckon was second had to be the same year the inaugural year who knew your feelings my ass but if we're gonna put the sf on there what about the wHA the world hockey association wHA got it good so many flashes in a pan they're just there few things that stick around great in a span forever that's right because you can't get rid of me virgin to offer gambling on those super jambos i talk yesterday about the new uh... the here was the a380 for you see that on the news all over the place that thing is huge man who i can't wait to a hop on one of those women mirror mart good and mirror mart are in our a guy we have an at a fashion brand in mirror mart for about four hundred years have we ever got a mirror mart right always cranky little right wingy little lagoon uh... total love nevertheless he's out there he says right that's right next to crispy cream is the ham and eggory that's what was to a both in their side by each for like a hundred years also i work in coney island to uh... high school and may have served you a Zion co-chair frank or a knish i don't know he finishes but very likely a Zion co-chair frank a fellow named godly worked there for thirty years stop to the man who was my neighbor but i'm sure that place is gone if we were was i'm not sure i'm sure it's totally why was maybe it's still there and it cleaned it up can't believe we were never in there let's see Charles and your field beats that you were right jake of marley you were a jake of marley that's what i was talking about you talking about it bob barbe in a bob marley is who's taking more oh that's bob marley you were rostom on jake of marley was abaniser scrooge's partner in the christmas carol okay don't you remember scrooge and marley that was the name of the business okay that's right bob marley actually jake of marley i can see i want to keep saying bob marley oh bob cratch it cratch it bob cratch it that's why you were stuck me in with that bob stuff bob cratch it in fact he was tiny ten scrubbers remember tiny ten yes the relation to kimi from cashins and both of them are still day so who's taking marley is one of them what everyone who's taking marley jake of marley with scrooge's business partner okay scrooge and marley was there any of the business when uh scrooge was like ah man god i feel he finally got to like the best christmas girl was the one with alustr sim okay i've seen that one argument i'm i've seen them all so yeah i've seen them all fifty found alustr sim he was great do you want him hello hello even if he was a brit yes sir meal yeah three for the door three one or else price one of the way you pray the two but cover Kathy with any except oh okay two out of three and but we got the siffel okay get on here uh Kathy well it's just good sure huh and she was very she was tremendously popular for about two minutes hey Neil it's true i can't have an orgasm just driving down on ninety five but only if you're driving decide me man uh to lose friends high paying passengers aboard virgin aerolanax airbus super jump those will be able to work out in a gym get a makeover gammel of a casino and then hit the bar for some cocktails before easing into a double bed virgin boss Richard Branson made the announcement estate it's in the official debut of the new a three eighty and airbus headquarters into loose seven friends to lose latraks some of the seven forty seven sevens in virgin's existing three are a couple double beds for first class passengers and bars where travelers can stretch their legs while stepping a beer but Branson about a withstand the concept of virgin takes lv. 6 a.m. 38 is beginning in 2008 he says we plan to have a gym area for our passengers to stretch out and work out during the flight for instance said we're going to introduce a beauty parlor and we plan to have a casino so Neil can punch his guts out the a three eighty can carry five hundred fifty five past years in three class cabin a third more passengers than a seven forty seven with a lower operating cost per seat as well as much more cabin space left over for other amenities airlines would upscale business models are likely to equip the plane with fewer seats to leave more space for lavish facilities and first times benefits at the other end of the scale a budget carrier charter operator serving busy holiday roots will be able to see more than eight hundred past years comfortably in a single coach class configuration most of the airlines had awarded a three eighty so far keeping mum about what features they plan to offer on board cutter airway said two days a three eighties would see just for nine past years but gave no details of its plan to have a last understand just a big cutter all around the edge of it Jeff this in CEO of Australia's contest airway said it's super general capital designs will be unveiled in next few weeks I'd like that see this thing with Richard Branson and Virgin Skagland a heavy flonet uh... that's that's a scam it says it's bad news remember that back in the day was not an i.o.d. what the uh... virgin air experience what about it well because uh... they uh... were winding and dining and counting and one time after the window business class which was very extravagant and like lots of room and on the food was very good and then they have what they call uh... economy class but i can't even imagine it must be like uh... cargo they have freedom of economy i'm not sure it's like premium economy which is a nice expensive business class which is out redously price but is uh... you know premium uh... and they give you a like the meal on uh... trade with plastic around it that's a given idea and and it's uh... it's crap is what it is premium economy my ass and that was something years ago and i made it by my dad and then put not only that but they fly you know like from uh... my andy or Toronto to uh... he throw it to London so then if you're going to Amsterdam you have to do connecting flight who would have wants to fly to London i don't want to be anywhere near them damn nazis man see one thing when i go to Germany i hear people speak in German doesn't bother me i see some of those uh... skin heads out there in their motorbikes on the uh... who were first in down on the in Berlin and bottoming you know not like an uh... an honest not see anyway but with a brits say those are what you got to be worried about the nazis and hiding in drag the world family all ghost stepping along here is a sweet with the birds and book and and palace but you know that's the not see you can not see yeah that's right so it won't and it's check about a uniform and a brits either they were in the kills which you tell you a lot yeah you know like jeff r cia or they like i got those other outfits on it should say they're going to be school steven a day at a street near nearby rass especially if you have a week do you work like me to be q m hello to i am going once no time to kill a to be q m hello meal yes sir i got one of the oldie uh... timid Smith or he's to be running back for uh... retin to a great game in superbowl can't rocker timid with under fifty yards and then other settings is gone okay timidson got it and what about the quarterback for uh... Brigadiers will two years ago when they talk about that killer what was it threats veteran showton anybody see a lightly fishing a party but seen bardziej judgeman sense property six and five six a few and we got the uh... militant and nicely said him and as a treat and the same very всяvelie the aspects than the a my group post personal court of concert tickets showberta bus stop and invaded for this eighty then the exclusively on 560. It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon! Coming up tonight, uninside of aine, the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They may be the only band in the history of Rock and Roll, to the inexplicably linked to a dumbass prop comic. They, or smashing pumpkins. Those bastards, they got the whole concept of their band from me. It makes me so mad! Ah, you gotta be old-wit. Aren't you supposed to hand up sheets of plastic to the audience or something? Sorry. I get so angry! Get one comedian Gallagher, even smashing foods and vegetables on stage, since well, since people were stupid enough to pay to see crap like that. So I'm doing a show when this guy Billy Corgan comes to see me, and I'm smashing pumpkins all pre-gen-night. I'm smashing pumpkins like there's no tomorrow. I'm smashing pumpkins up your buddies, what I'm doing. I mentioned this guy Gallagher was a total suckbag. And Billy Corgan finds me afterwards and he says, hey, great show man, I really like what you're doing. And till he's later, there's this band called, Smash and Pumpkin. And I have to switch to watermelon. It would be getting at the end. Inside the mime was able to reach Billy Corgan for comment about Gallagher's accusations. He and this to say, Gallagher, what a total suckbag. This smashing pumpkin. At least he didn't call themselves the dork with a barray and a strike shirt band. It's a big juicy, sobbing web-looker-show business tonight. Uninside the boys. Speaking of that, I want to have a dwarf baby doing, huh? I've heard from her in a long time. It's a minute after one and five, 60 WCQ, I'm here's a facts again from Glenn, who just so encouraged by my enthusiasm, both giving his facts. Miss the old neighborhood in North Miami Beach. Maybe this is a different one, but I don't think so. Frank was pizza and were frank those used to order from Frank. Sure. Often. A figure was pizza. Remember that. Corkeys legendary. Legendary. We love Corkeys. Maybe if I talk enough about them, I bring you over some potato pancakes. Not the breakfast. And lowest theater. There's all the land, some other stuff. I know what's happening to repeat that. I already said it. Let's see. Here's what it says. This is quite a splash of pan. David Justice first it was baseball then there was Halle Berry. And then he was gone. Going going gone. My laline would say. Okay. So when we did it, we just did you have it. We got it. And of course for justice. Did we put Ricky Martin on there? Yes. Okay. Did it just make sure that would be good. For justice we got to go see. Oh, you. How did I do that? How did I screw that up? I'm coiled. Like I said. 560, 560, pound 560 and a Verizon and SIGITORWIVOS lines. Before we take any more call. This is enough to make me just program the CBS affiliates off of my TV. You got the CBS affiliate from Detroit and the one from Seattle here. Am I 8 million channel cable? Okay. CBS will probably replace Dan rather on evening news with a multi anchor perhaps multi city format that changes the antiquated way of reporting the day's top stories. CBS chief Leslie Moon vests the moon man said yesterday. Moon vests will ultimately select rather's replacement city believes many young viewers are turned off by a single voice of God anchored in the internet age. What does that mean? Voice of God. I don't know. He spoke publicly about his search for the first time since rather than out of the regular memory that he was stepping down from the CBS even news after he got pushed out by the right wingers by the anneal cons. Moon vests rest that he's still considering all possibilities it's something clear what their new format would be ready for well, one rather reason early March was an interim successor would be named. Those days are over when you have that guy sitting behind the desk who everyone believes to the anths agree. Moon vests told reporters. It's sort of an antiquated way of new telling and maybe there's a new way of doing it. And maybe not less. He wouldn't mention any potential participants or comment on a time magazine report that NBC's Katie Kourke had been contacted to engage her interest. Moon vests considered the turmoil of CBS news where three executives and producer were far last week for the role in an ill-fated story about President Bush's military service, even the story of course was true. As encouraged him to do something more dramatic. Dramatic. Got it? So as the CBS even news statuses a consistent and distant third behind NBC's night the news with Brian Williams and ABC's world news tonight with Peter Jennings and ratings. Since I got that fact said by Brian Williams being a regular caller on Rush Limbaugh, I will not, I wouldn't watch time in news for two seconds. See what I'm saying? Where's the correct? It will be fact today. I mean, Rush suck up. Moon vests do appear well to the early show on CBS, which has seen ratings inch up since installing a four person team that includes his wife, Julie Chink, 10. When others are successful with one form, and make sense to do something different. He said nearly 30 million people. Not third man. Watch the evening news. I'm one of the three networks on most nights, but many of them are older like me, old folks like me, young people tend to get their news in bits and pieces from the Manhattan table like the Daily Show. Right? Right. We have to try to reinvent that. He said, one of the ways we're looking at is making it younger and more relevant. Something that younger people can relate to is opposed to that guy preaching from the mountaintop about what we shouldn't should not watch. Asked twice, Moon vests would not rule out a role on the evening news for comedy's central John Stuart who's the Daily Show skewers politicians and news many each night. Moon vests is co-cheap executive of Icom, which owns both CBS and comedy central. As separate, brief, elevated pairing of rather with Connie Chink in the 1990s, evening news programs have had a single anchor from more than 20 years. Anchor teams like Chet Humbly and David Brinkley are part of the evening news lore. The only real example of multi anchor format was when ABC Newshead Frank Reynolds, Peter Jennings, Max Robinson, occasionally Boba Walker reporting from a different city from 1978 until Jennings took over the early 1983 and I showed it off. He is so dry man, he's drier than a dry wall, drier than cement after sitting there for like 20 years in the cold. The idea also likely reflects the satisfaction of the rather presumed errors at CBS John Robert Chet Scott Kelly and that's in some big names willing. See this is just like the sports case you think I was trying to say. Did I mention the CS today Josh? Yeah. Did I say the same thing with the news people and with the this job? You know what like how many big name personalities really have come along in the last few years? Not too many, right? You got Wershland Baw, right? Yeah. No, not necessarily. I mean, he's huge. He's a big name. Who else? What other news anchor run a network so local? Somebody give me something to grab my a sick my teeth and do. He says, dear, I'll eat. Well, he sure look good in that movie. I'll tell you. Nobody's called because nobody saw that movie. The last of the right high kings. It's not a good movie. I'm not encouraging you to run and run and buy it and then blame me. Okay. Richardson, how about Cherry Coke? Cherry Coafsand did. In fact, it's making a comeback. You're right. The silver dollar. That's good. The silver dollar. It's not like a fly to the end. It doesn't be Anthony Dollar. Just a silver dollar. Because the silver dollar was like, huh? They're two different things. They're two different things. The silver dollar was never popular. So it's not like a fly to the end. It doesn't be Anthony. Well, though, but it was out in our lifetime. The silver dollar. Now you're right. It was never popular. And Flip Wilson. Why would he put him on there? Flip Wilson. He was about his popular. He was about his popular. He had his career in his course in a year. Well, he didn't know when to weigh. They says the unicorn village restaurant and win Dixie behind crispy cream. We're knocked down and replaced by a CBS drugstore. That's one fantastic piece of good news is that efforts, which I despise in Embers, is being replaced by CBS, which is open 24-7. Right. And they're all over the place and put them all green under a lot of pressure to us. And they're clean and they got carpeting. Right. And even though Jack and it's like blockbuster and Wayne highs and Yeah. And the same thing with Eckards in Jack Eckard, even though those two individuals had nothing to do with those businesses for quite many years. The fact that a matter of is that you were so turned off against both of them because that it was individuals, even later you didn't want to shop there. Plus, Eckards, of course, everybody had a coupon. You go in there, you had the unlike for a pack of gum for like two items and some Jack ass, some old bitches standing up for anything. He's got the paper oven and he's got a flyer oven. You got all these coupons, vanties, clippin' his uh, and then the woman's got to look in their flyer to see if they got it in there. Wait, let me put my picture. I'm not going to be called Jesus. God. It says the veto is across the street closed down about three years ago. And a barbecue place was supposed to be open. They started in the stop, refurbishing the place, and for the last year there's been no work on a place. Oh, you know what else is like that? Which I haven't even got there when I was home. What was the ice cream place there with a drive through? Was it, um, 163th Street? Lord, I don't know. Oh, yes you do. Then a drive through. And then it turned into something else. And then it was something else after that. Was it a bastard robin's? It could have been. Now, what the hell was it? You don't know what I'm talking about? Nope. As you're going east, okay? On the left hand side. Mm-hmm. There was ice cream place. We used to talk about it all the time with a drive through. You know what I'm talking about? No. It was great. Nobody's gone. It says now the coin island is a laundry. The basket robin's, oh, was a hamburger place, and then a barbecue place. And I was a chicken and I wanted to instill a sympathy. Says Dave. Thank you Dave for the bad news. You see, it can't go back. They can't go all you old turds, a little bit in the past. But you know, something even George would admit that there was a lot better places than. Sure. I mean, what have we got now? You know, Kony Island. Look what we got. W.A.M. Hello. Meals. Yes, sir. Love your show, man. Let's see. I didn't get to hear the whole whole question. But if you say that. Let me give you the whole question. Okay. That's what the W.A. Who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan? Um, I would say, if I don't remember, remember Captain Kendall. He used to ride up and down 995 in a car carrying extra radiator hoses and belts. Captain Kendall. Yeah, Kendall. He's a were a cape and a, like a Superman. He rescued people on 95. Okay. That's the only one I could think of. Well, we'll throw his ass on and see if anything hits it. I love your show, man. Thanks a lot, Tally. But Captain Kendall, I remember that. I remember Captain Kirk. Captain Kengeloo. Never heard of Captain Kendall. No. So, what is that mean we're not going to put on a cause they never heard of it? This guy heard of Captain Kendall. Maybe he was big for about a week, you know, about five minutes. How many QAM? Hello. QAM? Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, I bought the, I didn't have to be the truth. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I told you this is work. I couldn't believe it. And I went on to the CNN website to see if it was true because he saw it on the on my guy. Okay. About a gay bomb. The, the public defense had an Instagram Instagram yesterday or two days ago. Okay. I didn't want to listen in an eye. He told me to work yesterday and I just couldn't believe it. No, sure. They wanted to make a bomb that was, we just, we just, we're gonna say the thing. Have a good day. We're already. See, I'm telling you, we don't miss too much. We don't miss much, man. I'm scouring those websites. And of course, 95% of what it gets off the internet. K, he's going to stir off the Sun, send a load of their over which again is off the internet. Cause I'm not there. But, uh, like this one, remember yesterday we had a store which I wish shot and you were shot because you live there. It had really, most polite cities in America. I've taken one thing. Not what I'm not going to listen. Not more than could, got it. For it. Not one of them could come close to Toronto when it comes to polite. The people here are so polite. It's almost disgusting. Not quite. I mean, it's just right. In other words, it almost some of the little overboard, you know. Like, that would be a very polite, very friendly, just fine. But Charleston South Carolina won that sort of thing for the 800 year or not that anybody wants to go there. But anyway, it says a Midwest, adequate, adequate, adequate, adequate, and a good way to get made, but it's right to Hollywood Florida, the 7th most polite city animation. To which we say, oh yeah, sure. But an equally unsigned to be sure. If you mentioned that fact to somebody on the streets or like to laugh in your face, rudely, uh, in Hollywood. Hollywood said city resident Claude Vidal, maybe they're more polite than downtown Miami, but this is South Florida, not known for politeness. We've been to North Carolina. Those people are polite. Not to Toronto, pal. We're polite. The city's ranking, the only one in Florida, make the top 10 was compiled by Edick and expert Margie Bell, young Stewart, who's been issuing the unofficial list for 28 years. She determines a city's politeness quotient by reading letters and taxes from the public. Oh, geez. Speaking from her home in Kuala, Illinois, I'm Monday. She said she got more than 25 letters extorbing Hollywood a city more than 140,000. Two of them were about wonderful weddings that were held towards Senator letters. It's people are proud. Mainly, it's such a healthy climate. It's a wonderful place to have guests come. A lot of people felt that the area floor to really should be recognized. Those people apparently weren't on the street this week along the sidewalk cafes. Businesses and park benches along young circle in Hollywood Boulevard. The majority of about a dozen people questioned said the city and South Florida in general should be recognized. Right for not for politeness. People are rude. People don't say, excuse me, they run you over with their shopping cart in the store. It's crazy. They say, Chris, Toronto, all of the Hollywood ice cream and sandwich shop on Hollywood Boulevard. So, I don't say to some New Jersey and that's no stranger to the Illmaners. But it was still shocked when exposed to the South Florida brand of cordiality. Mayor Mark Goulante, or she said, that's the one with a t-shirt band. Right. Yeah. And now the region isn't known for its open handed friendliness. A lot of us were a little surprised at any place in South Florida, right, Carly G-Z. South Florida is not known for that kind of thing. Still the listing is extremely good for the city and may even be noted in the future city of literature, Mayor. It's all a bunch of low crap, okay? And especially when the frauds that are like right now forget about it. New Jersey. It's exclusive list. Let's do that one over again. Okay. I don't like the way that would. Private. New Jersey. New Jersey. It's exclusive list. On five, seven, Lucasfilm. A. A. All right. What a happy, good bye, Bernie Kerr. I'm in a service. We hardly got to know you and the US. We don't pay. Because you're bad enough. We have to stay. Yes. You have no problem getting laid. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. I want to try to guarantee why I'm not going to get laid. I beg you. But there's nothing that you can't afford to do. If you want to sell your money, I'm going to wear it. And then, if it's about it, I'm going to try it. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. I'm not going to get laid. So, it'sAF police. The police has the hold of how to get laid. If you're going to put a funcion league into New Jersey. If it's about something like that, I'm not going to be running. How to stand out there. I'm sure the next one day, 24-hole ran security for the other with the settings. One 18 at five, 60 WQAM, let's see who or what is the most disappointing flash in a pan we got John Kerry 84 and Howard D. 83. Scott for Rouse got 44. What are you just throw it off the end of the table? You know, the beginning of this thing he was right up there, he was in the lead, he was a neck and neck nose to nose and I was just a Peter doubt. I'm like he showed it. Rouse P. Rought 24, Howard Stern on QM23, how many minutes was he on his station? Not third man! Dammit, vanilla ice 21, the WMD's in Iraq, those Elusiv WMD's. Have you ever saw Elusiv Butterfly by Bob Lind? Nope, good. The WMD's in Iraq and Quentin Tarantino, which have 16. Maybe Quentin's got them. Seasle Collins embarked over at Fidrish 15 and who died played 14. Also the very pious Kurt Warner 14. Phil Henry's got 13 votes. Are you sure Harold Minerah doesn't, alien Gonzalez 12, Brian Pazworth doesn't. The Catholic Church of the Mollestation Cases, which was big news for about 10 minutes, 11. Timmy's Johnston 10, we got a shot, Jimmy. Millie Vanillie 8, segway 7, George Lucas 7, the Florida Panthers, we love Malat, Ashley Simpson, Ricky Martin, Buster Douglas, who the in a blowfish actually ban for Leeds have six. The SFL5, New Co-5, Aaron Summers has four twin peaks three, Karen K to Old John Rockers got a pair, K to K to the Niche Ryeb and two, one of the peas for Captain Kendall, like I see you must have voted for it. Well I know you're laughing, but I'll see, unlike some of these people I call in something and then I have no rise at least he voted for it. That's good. Yeah, or someone else did. Otherwise it's such a waste. Captain Kendall, Kathy Willis, maybe she was Captain Kendall. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He wasn't promising miracles, but he said there were tools that could help including the water and the Zohar, the Khabala books in the air make and Hebrew. You need to let go of what the doctor's told you. He said, drinking the water while meditating on the places that we have a problem with the bladder. You say, well, clean and strengthen those places. Also, you can put the water on your stomach as well. How much water will I need? In your situation right now, about three bottles of day to drink and the meditating to scan the Zohar. There are a few items that I'd like you to get right now in the bookstore that I'd like you to have if you want. Expecting money might raise it so that we hit I asked the water is not a gift. Nothing is a gift. The water is not a gift. The Zohar is not a gift, as you know. There is the water cost. A case of 12 boxes cost 45 pounds and 90 bucks. And the Zohar is 28 nine pounds by 500 bucks. And the Shabbat meal is 26 bucks. 50, twice as pound, 50 bucks. And it goes on and on. It's another bakery, much of crap, man. All you goable people out there that get sucked in and taking it with this garbage man that Jews and the Christians and the Muslims and the Scientologists and the Christian Scientists and the Mormons and the Kabala style is crap. The Buddhists man. Why don't they just send us their money? You know if you got someone to write a round of give away to a bunch of con artists. Just send it to us. I guarantee they'll go to have it or double their money back. Listen, you're going to get 45 origins in my heaven. Forget about those seven man. And they'll all look just like Carmella the Caesar. This is out. Ditches out. Whatever you go. Pick them up. Pick them up. We have a catalog. You can pick your own out. Right. They're they're peddle. We got like 75 origins for your wait and right. And we really get there. And crispy cream donuts here. But there's many you won't get any weight. You won't be your soul won't get fat. It's a perfect place. A perfect garbage. And you know what I'm saying. I don't know if he's oh yeah, this is a good one. In fact, I have a little thing here somewhere. Right. How is it? There it is. No. Do you wear a section? She'll hang up the phone. And get your two wrist. These are the two. Through the section with me. Isn't that good style? I think it is. Oh. How did her sex try? Since then, We shall merge a same by life. What's it for? In her sexual sexual sexual health, But she'll handle the phone. It's the truth. You need some kiss. Total. Real sexual sexual sexual. Let's be. I got to get her. I actually realized being. I'm right. That was in the sky. Right. I guess. You don't know. I don't know. I'm sure that was him. Okay. Well, you really are stupid, man. What? What was he doing? What was he doing? If you go back to those nice crappy donuts. He's like a chocolate killer cake. Whatever that is. But cake is cake and donuts are like a different product. Right. It doesn't sound supposed to be like cake. Okay. I still, you know, it's being diabetic myself. And that is so many ridiculous things that got five or three. And I was one of them. Here's his Michael. Who that isn't only just diabetic, but goes to diabetic coma. You know. And he's like eight and cake and offering it to K. All of a time like K. 27 after one and five, 60 WKM. Anyway, tiny Tim, we got it on there. Yeah, we got it. Good. Tiny Tim. Me, die? Yes. Oh, that's right. Never liked that hairdo. You know, IRS tax problems have got away of ruining all aspects of your life. They take it to a new financially physically and emotionally. You can never really forget about those IRS problems. You wake up every morning in a cold sweat. CP, a Jimmy buck wall in the buck wall tax firm will help him those IRS problems for every human being. You go back piece of mind. And who does want some peace of mind? Which is why other types of CPA and law firms are for their clients too. The buck wall tax firm where they got problems with the IRS. My not a vote potential criminal prosecution. You're all your run file tax returns for Pairdy even if he lost or I did. I broke a bribe. I told it was not Jim Scholar. Suppose you have an IRS lien, a wage-living, open roll tax in pennilies. Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you owe need time to pay. Whatever you're dilemma, baby, the buck wall tax firm can help you. They give that IRS monkey right off your back. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment if not sooner. Investible, you don't have to go to those pennilies as meetings because the buck wall tax for handles all meetings with the IRS and discussions you don't even have to be there. So call them today and get that monkey off your back once and for all. Call 9-5-4-5-7-5-20-800 whether you attend grand a major rating in between IRS taxes. The buck wall tax firm will get to job done for you. Call them today for the free consultation. 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800 or visit them on the web at irstreetem.com and stop worrying about the IRS. Just knock it down your front door or I hit about 3 an a a a a a a a a a a a a or any other time. Call them today 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800. You're listening to Neil Rodgers exclusively on 5-6-10. See the query going for you now. Looks like the night girl. Now's from the money roll. Call for the shat money sales and I'm full summer ice. I'm now. The fuck. Get happy when she's alive. She raised more friendly no flowers. Call for the shat money sales and I. He's gotta live man. algebraed we can didn't or the screws up ahead.apshells. outimes一个 plays title And now the price will be rich and that. And now the price of magic stars and the date of my three family's going to go now and I'm a fan of it. My style will be now. One 32 Jason and Sennwise faction says for those clowns out there that have those useless yellow ribbons on their car of which zero dollars go to support the troops. There is a great website. So, I'm a two-th.org, OP truth, up truth.org made by an active marine and has released other websites, donations sites for the troops and their families. Also has addresses and phone numbers for Congress and representatives in your districts. Also they're working with a fulfill maker at ground truth.org who's making a documentary on returning soldiers. You can see the movie at information clearing house. What is it? WWE WDWW.information clearing house. That info. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry this was so long couldn't get you on the phone. Okay. I'm going to put that away so we still have it. I'm going to keep it in my pile. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound 5, 60. I'll tell you in the clipboard that hurts them for I got from what you call, right? Sure for image. Okay. Great. Seriously? What did you have because of any of your sidelines in about two seconds? Yeah. If you're like, you know, either either your barbers on vacation, which mine happens to be anyone like trim it up a little bit in between haircuts. Or maybe you're like really cheap like some of your bastards out there. And you want to like, you know, extend like a few extra weeks in between haircuts. Especially when you have so little hair for some of us hold for us, right? Right. Put the home needs to go get a haircut. I'm still thinking to shave it a lot. Not as well. I mean, it's good enough for Carmella one after me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Good enough for a Gerard Lido. Well, that movie was so bad. I'm embarrassed to admit. Especially after going through that lecture about not sitting there watching TV just because somebody hot happens. But you know, there we was. How do I know that I know that was going to be like a wild, sexy naked scene, late in the movie. Thank you. I mean, does anybody QA in hello? Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the rest around the 160 dirt street. Right. Like they've been saying, most of them are gone. I know that Coney Island had a fire and they reopened and I guess they weren't the same so they closed down after that. Probably burn all the name, uh, Mrs. Tupiesus. Probably true. Yeah. I know that the Franco pizza is still there. The unicorn, they can burn at down not too long ago. They just be like the Greyhound bus station there and the big house. Yeah. Yeah. And I guess, due to the cross of street, they've been trying to build something there for long time. Nothing's there. They haven't opened anything there. So. Yeah. It's a bad hood man. Nobody wants to go to Boos there no more. Yeah. I've lived there my whole life. Just waiting for the day. I can get out of here. I want to ask you that was the Vasque Robbins with a drive through there. Right. I don't know if you can get down the road and further down there. No. I don't remember. I'm driving side of a US one. Oh, this was just when you come off the express one, 163. And on the left hand side is you're going used. There was a Vasque Robbins with a drive through. Hmm. Believe you, we many a day after work after a stressful day of work at IOD, drive it up to Broward. I would like to pull off that exit. Yeah. I know there is a Vasque Robbins over there, but I don't remember the drive through. Definitely long gone. You go Vasque Robbins. I can't even go. You can. Can't go back baby. Can't turn the clock back. Oh, it's only. That would be good pull to take one day. What's that? Although it's kind of like what were your favorite words, but it's different though. If you could turn a clock back and bring back one softwater restaurant that's no longer in business, what would it be? Not a good pull? Okay. It's a pull. You don't think? It's fine. You don't sound like, you know, now wouldn't be the clock restaurant. I saw a clock restaurant went out of the sea. In tentations somewhere I believe. A clock restaurant. Can you believe that? They were around anymore. They're okay. They're better than Denny's George. I just mentioned that in family call. Just for reverence. For next time. You know, I think what we need. Don't worry about it. And I let it really a lot. This Perkins fan kick house. Do we hear about those? I've seen a Perkins in ages. Oh, God. On a West Coast in Tampa or in the other areas. Why isn't that so many of these damn good places are not in South Florida? We suck. Thank God for two days, man. Have you ever used your coupon and go there? No, no, yeah. Ah, seeing this. Hey. I'm telling you, you will love it. Trust me. I'll bet you. I'll bet you right now. Gary Sartner's life on it. That you'll wave about it. That you'll love it. How's that? Okay. You're in tea. How many QAM hello? Neon. Yes, sir. Hi. On 150, sir. Remember Sandy's drugs? No. It was right as you go halfway down with a road bend a little bit. It was Sandy's drugs on the right. Hating East. East of Peaches. East of Wolfies. East of Wolfies. No. Before. You remember where Wolfies used to be and then it became a peaches? Right across from the 160th or 3000th. There was a big wolfies there and then it became peaches. Reconstore. I was before that. I was before that. And you remember the pink island? The pink. Oh, sure. That was a, I was that cool falls name. The designer. What was his name? I can't remember. They didn't think he had thought about that. Crystal. Crystal. Crystal. Crystal. Why? I was in pink. Yeah. That was a big flash in the pan. Oh, yeah. That was great. Yeah. The pink island's ever given for the full. And speaking of coming off that 160th or 3000th turning into basking robins after a stressful day, I used to do the same thing but I would turn right if you know what I mean. Cross the street from basking robins. Oh, yeah. I sure do. Go there. I'm going to use to run it on Cox over there too. I tried not to. Okay. Have a great day, pal. He's staying out of it. Well, he's dead anyway. He was just having a real party. Yeah. There you go. 560. 560. 560 under Verizon and Sinking the Red of Slime. Why we're living in the past, man. You ride. Moist ride. Too much of this old time. We got to get way that man. All these whipers. Not like good stuff from a day. What is it? Where is the good stuff? The shield. I'm not talking about food places. I'm talking about restaurants. I'm talking about something. I'm talking about stuff that. Huh? Before they, you know, before they. Before they become like one of those restaurants that was good. And then they go away. They're still good. They're still good. What was that? Well, me, Diner. I'm, I was on 441. No. I don't know. Going north. Yeah. I'm 441. Around here. 125th Street used to be Rocky Grazionis. Right? And it was the Shanti C. And it was at Hungarian Charter. Anyway. Why are we doing this? Okay. It's depressing. If I could turn a clock back and have one restaurant we opened in South Florida, then I love like crazy. There were many good ones like the studio and the cables. It would be the famous. I'm Washington Avenue. I don't care what anybody says. Even the guy I'm loved the famous man. It wasn't just a deli for Jews. It was for anybody with a healthy appetite. The famous. You ask the Humper to my health. I asked the Humper about the famous. Right. Like Joey Zazan, maybe he'll make you famous someday. 20 till 2 at 5. 60. Your food intensive station QAM. You're there. You're all Rogers. And it's completely. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. Just eat Gordon Lydia. They don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogers. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I'm going to ask you a few minutes. I hate Pro too much that we had. I've now even taped it. For over an hour. I've been forced to do it 8.000 times... It seems to me that was off the TV telecast. I'm sure I was today when I saw R drauf. Was my rost Chapel. Did you see that played live? Like I did. That was on the side of your plan. He was a crucial play in the game. I did see. I was just excited. He didn't think I saw it. Man. Man. Dad. Today, was the Sunday Jack Backpack. And which you know, it sounds okay on hockey, but cheese, you know, get some new blood in there, man That's why we got all hats around because they're not any new sportscasters We got to get a whole bunch more pumps to that Canadian school of broadcasting George Don't you think? Put down a bottle and put it in full throttle man. I'll use will blow would be sportscasters out there You could be the next Lenny Martez for the next Yelding god forbid. It got nice squeaky boys Are you kidding me the next Mike Rosen doll from VUM? Oh, yeah Lorenzo's Lorenzo's was so sensational Because let's not forget. So we're already starting on tomorrow's poll. I don't know if I'm gonna do that tomorrow You think it's a good idea? What? That's okay. You seem pretty unethousy as you can Which is the young little see you on the get of the what? It's a very similar to that other one that we took But that's a long time ago. That's more than a week ago Then it's long enough. Well, and it's long enough. I never heard that yet But nevertheless moving right along you want to try to speak of that joined George Miguel and Boca Brian five to seven happy Our treasure island of the South no-one off the palm metal just know that the 127 speed exit Stop out of win some very low budget QM prizes enjoy dance crystals all my long and maybe I'm gonna get a little pop a few Pink ball balls out of his echo years and no look for the QM band tonight A to ten at the at Bruzroom located at a 5466 West Sanford market Stuff by for LeBat blue hockey baby a dollar and have pints of blue until lockouts over. I wish we had the LeBat blue thing Moles and a little bat on CBC I'm also a bat brought to you by Moles of I love that Cesar all Five four to Canada where quality is job one It's worth it by a very loyal and best of associates proud to be one of the leading sponsors of Utah key and Canada and By 15 got a habit I'm gonna do it but that's enough for the Canadian Dave's team all they want to see here The redway time's gonna run out here. It's got to be not like it back to ten right Yeah, oh that's said I'm not just Mickey Redmond man boy. Why despise him? You're like anybody right five six seven Oh five sixty Man, he's bad. You know who used to work with day straighter who's gonna be the a panther's TV announcer Replacing remember a favorite play again. You think we're gonna play? Oh, sorry about that day by who times it tough WM hello Pretty good, pal. The fashion robins was on second avenue I don't want sixty-third. It was your eyes through you're not I used to drive through that thing like I get a three-school pop- flood Sunday on a way home He did right around my drive out of the turnpike and the clock is in plantation is right on 441 Yeah, I saw that I used to to knock me over the center That's how I was called how about here's one of the the Mala fans really like how about Dodge Rail? There's a flash in a pan yeah Start out like a house on fire. You can't kick it arrested. Whatever happened to him. Oh, he saw the team But he knew he was hot in a pistol or for a few months, and then I was young to that and if anybody thinks Dave Van Boring isn't boring. All you gotta do is listen to the game six of the world series Yeah, the Malaans the Malaans are the world champion And the fact that we actually played that in a problem. I mean when you think when you have an embarrassing call like that Just like that did stop them thing we had why would you put that in a promo? It's so great I understand the front of the promo is that they had the the prediction right about a pop return touch But Jesus to play that I mean they win the world series in Yankee Stadium They picked their ass and that's the best I mean that's the way you get managed going crazy You know exactly right And anyway for Paul C. I know you listen and can I get the throttle weather today? It's let's see it's toasty. It's like let me give you the weather just second Jacket we had a quarter of an inch of snow on the ground and the your weather what is it? It's minus four 26 degrees babies toasty come on up and it's murky. It's cloudy, but it's sure a lot warmer in yesterday Man it was brutal it was minus 23 Celsius when I woke up with a window idea what that is but then cold is what it was man Am I complaining though? No, no By the me it's gonna be all the way up to 28 28 Fahrenheit today that bad no Little snow for reactivity. I think about this time of the year no seriously I think about this time of the year I'd say we had about a half inches no overnight in this morning And because the streets and the sidewalk are fairly Relatively speak although after yesterday when think that they would be you know, but for whatever reason it doesn't stick around to I who cares about that cast or no, but I know he's listening like the guy says He's gonna be doing is be do curtains tomorrow and then be doing the Toronto weather and then be doing You know farting the same flavor that I did This is the little beast that we've already had how we miss all these great restaurants So used to be in town Paul get a life okay get some material loser On five six Hi Don't drop in attack This kind of a set driver said real far You a dead mean so quish a green So I acted out my pop shoe raid and with my arms the trees I made No bug speaks English and a model I went down to my yeah, man. We each wear the weather business I want into a little dust off, but the guy there's hot real fun Kind of called you me just not the end of what does that mean? Nobody's teaching wish That's the toilet Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English milled You think I'll back to our ass I I came here already you go My ABC I don't say much as gross years I say pretty So get yourself to a classroom quick you're American now stop making me sick We don't but as dangerous One fifty six, it five six, the WQA, we got Ted Maddox Panныйbine and then we got moarius 1988 Hit prettys Only the twinkle Clicking the smelly Mercedes Do you who I'm big блок one's a one of those the nine ones right now this is malicious but one of those malignant ones man ninety nine times that a hundred you can smelly woman and of course when you would when you're in if you're a low audience felt it but when you were other people to get smel but the bottom line is you can smell it now how come when you stink whether it's either from too much curry for dinner or the last twenty years in your body or because you haven't taken a bath in the last twenty years whatever the reason being if I can smell you like can't you see when I'm saying you're saying you're saying you're saying you get used to it that's the fact that's uh we study it in health class yeah and you into a particular smell if you're exposed to it for a certain amount of time so in other words if you farted non stop right or you're always farting what like fat people who don't you know they can't reach areas and they smell like that to other people all the time remember they don't smell like that's it in cells really I had the discussion but like uh rest in peace my fat friend yeah you are always after he comes into your house and he said hey you smell like crap yeah like totally he'd be all offended and I said look it's right due to you I smell the before you walked into the house and he was you know not aware of it I want to affect I want to say names because he's he would be known but affect guy and he's like take cashmere bouquet you know like talcum powder because he was so fat that his thighs would know in the summertime when he's 180 year and so he would like take cashmere bouquet and like shmere on it and and all that does is make it smell a thousand times worse right you follow what I'm saying oh my god it has somehow that was rather than bathing rather than washing away that mung whatever you'd like to call except for oh geez geez there yeah oh geez here's a facet says about 25 years ago I drove to Jackson moral with my dad for an appointment or had to uh pass me for my blood work on the way back to book we stopped off I'll still in my me and thought a place called wolfies I don't think they took his credit card you only had a couple of bucks cash enough for sandwich but no drink and no tip how the wait is caught on and brought us a coastline tickles awesome and set us up with the best Australian rye of ever had great memories of wolfies well how do you like that because that's the opposite of my memory memory right what about that one on 163 where I was on a holiday some kind of bank holiday and I go there for lunch and I didn't have any cash I had a couple of bucks but the check was like 985 whatever I had to do with the sandwich and I take my American Express card and give it to the broder oh for a lousy $10 I'm going to take a credit card we don't take the credit card for a lousy $10 so I said what's the minimum for credit card she says $15 I said okay I'll leave a $6 tip a lousy $6 tip for your lousy $10 check and I'll never see your lousy as place again how do you like that that was more likely the story the kind of story I heard of wolfies and other old boy all part places okay thank God they stole all the sweet and low it wouldn't be bad to have one of those around him right is there any what happened to that pumper next wolfies in Hollywood uh oh the one yeah no gone the mind he's anyone in a while awesomeers were too damn polite