for David's a bitch. It's all the mighty and the sea. The cold of the toilet, for the dark is all around. And if you come late, oh no, why'd there be two of the rustic, so much slaves, if they don't serve no food, but you could see, shit they do it back to you, you say for every part of the poor shit of the stone. 25 past 10 is five, 60 WCM happy Thursday. We still have no information on our new lineup from Monday. Ha ha ha ha ha. We don't like to plan too far ahead. We like to keep you like hanging on a string, you know where it is you see. We like a little suspense. To our attention is suspense and it's stomach this morning, because he made a little head cool and everything. He's not going to be able to sleep on every day soon. Not had. That'll teach you to do that. Anybody that would eat a penny is right there. What? It was right there, you know. Yeah. They didn't have burn every day. That's he's used to was right there and see he made that bad mistake. Oh, brutal. Lannies asked America, they won. They didn't know you could eat breakfast. It's one more than just a lot of food. I want a lot of choices. Bacon, pancakes, and eggs, anyway I want them. Oh, and sausages, the full sausages, that looks like dodgers. Yeah, the ones always come stuck together. Why is that? And they don't want to warn them to hear the sounds about good place. I want to warn them to hear the sounds about bad things. Tell me how I want it. I want bacon really fatty and lame to the one you pick it up. He's got a soup shop in your finger and eggs with the yolk broken. So they're hot and they're rough. And I want it served by a fat solid weight. So the moustache. So I haven't experienced this difference. And a great delivery bed. So! And you don't want to stand in line. I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time. They do that at Denny's, Lenny's. Oh, man, God, there's a new all you can eat. Grand slam breakfast venue. Ed Lenny's. It's everything you already expect from Lenny's. Just a lot more of it. Ed room temperature. So you like it, huh? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Go make them a stay. Oh, I'm sure we have a lot of people out there in the audience who loved Denny's. You know, they've been doing this so long. You think after so many years, they've got to have the right to go to buy them, right? And they do have the right to get there. What you ate is what you get. That's there are people who like what you had this morning. Cold people who enjoyed being sick all day and two canner guts out and had a wild Screaming diarrhea for two hours. Bro, yeah. Yeah. The pay cake was all right. And look, well, I can think of lots of places that are incredibly popular. We don't have to go to the whole litany of McGin that is just their really crap. But that's that's public taste man. I keep going back to the the gold standard vanilla ice cream. It's the most popular selling flavor in the entire world vanilla ice cream. There's nothing that even comes close. I have one. I'm doing this because people are putting stuff on it. Yeah. Using it. Also say that anything you have to put something else on to embellish it like french fries, for example, or like what's another example? Or like mashed potatoes that you got to like, Douce gravy all over because it has no taste. It's just not a potato guy. No, no. I like mashed potatoes if they're good. I would taste it all right. What's really the best is really good homemade mashed potatoes with right. Butter meltin. Oh, yeah. Forget about dousing it and gravy. Right. Sugar. Chucky with the peel still on them. Now we're talking. Anyway, a 28 after 10. I guess I don't know whether they're like in denial or whether they're just, I don't know what all the legal shenanigans are going on. But all the articles that I'm reading and even stirring himself to talk about Citadel dropping him on those four stations in Syracuse and Pioria and Podon can weather. Nothing is said about the fact that tomorrow is his last day on QAM. So I don't know what that means. Do you have any idea what that means? He has that one call about it. So obviously they're screening those calls out because they don't want to talk about it on their show. Maybe word beneath his notice. That's how it is. That's just, tough. Plus they can always promote the buzz in Palm Beach and pretend that people in South Howard and did count again here at, you know. At least at least they don't chop it up like something in a meat grinder or poke holes like Swiss cheese in it. At least they carry the show the way it is. I'll say that. Which goes to point out that it was a bad, bad mistake. But then again, we're famous for bad mistakes. You know, usually buy the same person. Hey, ring in the new year with a new car. Truck from the folks in Armstrong for the homestead. You've been putting off buying anything. But now don't wait another minute because for a limited time, you're to sell zero percent financing on any following new 0.5's and stock ready for immediate delivery. Escape, street stars, tourists is absolutely hardly Davidson trucks and the all new Ford 500. Want more than how about 1.9% financing on all new 0.5 expeditions of stores, F 150's and Rangers, even Bruce Ranger is discounted. Certain restrictions apply. Lots of Armstrong for the homestead are jammed in their cutting prices right now. They offer more vanity too because when you buy your Ford from Armstrong for you, you'll get their exclusive unmatchable on herd of tires and batteries for life program. That's correct tires and batteries for life plus for limited time are free to floor to sun pass too. David Richen is staff will do just about anything else stand on the head to guarantee the best price and don't forget because they're local owned and operated Armstrong for the homestead will treat to just like family because they want to make you a customer full life. You will get a better deal on the Ford anywhere in town. I'll bet your many bells life on it. No bait and switch, no phone deals. All of waiting for you at Armstrong for the homestead 307 25, South 6, you highway 20 minutes south of the E36. Check them on at wicketweb at Armstrong cars.com and then grabs us a little extra but save a ton of thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong for the homestead. The power is turned short. The roggers and mortings and we dig. And force around the clock to fight six of the streets. We have a... Hey, it's Howard. Howard's fam. He walks in the bore roof. Since seeing his liver chair. He's gathered by a thousand dollars soon. And free dollar hair. So most I'm homestead. He's about to expire. When I go home. Say, it's goodbye. You can't believe in George. I'll sit and buy his side. Pretty soon so many new. It's gonna take a taxi ride. You say you'd be your better friend. But you know you're alive. Because we all know. So here we are, I hear. George. You are so fired. Get out of here, George. Why? He was a tough one but you fly here. 1034, 26 before 11 and 5, 6, he, W, 2, A, M. Yesterday we had a little technical problem. It was my fault. The line said it. I was just moving at schedule around. Which of course, the QM, that's one of our favorite hobbies. And the schedule around. And I actually only hit a button. Kind of like that. And I pressed this button over here. I went into a nico. All right. You heard it again? Yeah. I was hoping to remember how you did that. Yeah, I did. Just to bring it back in. And the five, then come to find out that there are people inside the building. We, to say them the embarrassment. We've been in our mentioning names on here. People thought that that was intentional. I wish stick. Oh, that was ready funny. You guys did yesterday. Man, we got some morons in there. What? So real morons inside the QM building. It's another good reason not to be there. Although it is still in like crazy. And ice pellets in the nasty here right now. But it's okay. Don't bother me. It's nice and toast the inside my little studio here. And there ain't nobody here to bug the crap on him. You know? So a lot to be said for that. How's Tommy's van doing? He's got any gigs coming up that we can promote? Yeah, actually. But I don't know in there. We can find out. I haven't read it right now. It's a little bit harder. I think that's where we miss in the boat. I don't understand what that whole deal with the stern and QM is all about. Because it's like. It's been everywhere. Every radio trade publication has been in billboard. It's been FMQV and radio ink radio and records. The weekly reader readers digest. Every newspaper every TV. And I don't understand that. Maybe they just don't care. Maybe they're trying to like snub us. You know, like we're small potatoes. We don't care anyway. You think that's it? Here's some good news to start out today. Here's some great news for all of us who despise the Nazi boon that's running America today. And the last two very dubious elections. A small group of Democrats agreed today to force housing Senate debates on election day problems in Ohio before letting Congress certify President Bush's election victory over Senator John Kerry November. Senator Barbara Box who democratic California. We love Barbara. And she's got the balls to be a box. She can probably not micristen on his hands. He's our boy. You go boy. A girl. Barbara Box decided challenge mounted by House Democrats to all. Ohio's 20 electoral votes which put Bush over the top. By a law. A challenge side by members of the House and Senate requires both chambers to meet separately for up to two hours to consider it. Lawmakers are allowed to speak for no more than five minutes each. Now, of course, this is the challenge that they tried to do in 2001. It was obvious the election was rigged. And the not one member of the Senate, not one Democrat, not Al Gore, who was sitting up there as President and Protem, not Ted Kennedy, not John Kerry, not anybody. Had the balls not even rust fine, girl, to say, yeah, we'll sign on with all you four bastards. While Bush's victory is not in jeopardy, the Democratic challenge before Congress to interrupt telling the electoral college vote that was kids of the beginning of one o'clock today. It would be only the second time since 1877 that the House and Senate were forced into seven meetings to consider electoral votes. And we're worried about having fair elections in Iraq. That's what we're concerned about. Yeah, I'll tell you, well, we ought to start pointing to elections in other places like Ukraine and anywhere else in the world. After we start figuring out how to fair press where the elections in the US again, eh. But maybe that day will never come. WQAM, hello. This is the tone center. QAM, hello. Hey, the L.A. two things I have for you one. You don't really hear what people call up and they go, is this new? No, it's not young. Who do you think it is? I mean, right. I mean, I don't think by now we've been doing screenouts for about seventy five years under sure what do you think they would understand? Well, they'd like to have that technical problem that I created in yesterday by accident and people inside our building were supposed to be radio people. I was thinking that it was like intentional like we do. I do not want to stick. What is that? I talk about this. I think that's the second thing I have for you is, you know, they've collected already four billion dollars for this tsunami guard you think? And you know what I don't like? Why are they asking me for more money? When you use the four billion dollars, they're not giving my time bucks. Yeah, well, when I'm going to say this to you, when you know how it's going to be used and if it's going to get there, that's my concern. There's millions of companies right now in the states that have a whole army of people trying to figure out what to do with their money. No right. Four billion dollars. Who's going to be interested on that? Anyway, that's what I just got it on. What's going on? I'm not going to get there in the middle. Okay, thanks. Take that. Not that I'm a chief skater just that I'm very dubious about a lot of these really for organizations and then you find just like to think about this stupid ass seat either cut and anybody heard it yet? No, because it hasn't been done yet. We are the world. There's people dying and we're singing as fast as we can. What is that? I think Bob Gildoff, I'll be strong up by his nuts if he has an amniac and that's just the dumbest polygraph I've ever heard my life. Let's see, we had farm aid and band aid and cool aid and what else? USA for Africa and now I don't remember what they call this one. We had it straight in the day what? What is that? Like people had need immediate desperate urge and help ass systems and we're like cutting records. You know, cut a check. Oh, no, that requires these people really. And don't forget to click for a chance in on this and roll in and Keating if he gets a break during his vacation in Switzerland. If he can fly the studio within a two block radius of where he's hanging it out, he'll go and participate as well. The marginally talented Ron and Keating. He's all right. He's got a couple of good things. You don't like rolling Keating? I don't know who that is. Okay. WCQAM hello. 2 am. Hey, how's it going? Pretty good. Pally what's up? K-Possilman. K-Possil. Yeah, heard some rumors that tsunami wasn't even a natural curse. And that they want to hot-to-tie. So, uh, 20 year. Yeah, alright. Yeah, we want to occupy Sri Lanka, right? I think we probably were behind it. You know, Bush probably had one of his Nazis down there in the depths, you know, blowing off charges, whatever they were doing. Right. And that guy's got a good head start on it. Now, what just happened there? I'm, oh, I see. What? You know, these, these new scene needs to be set great. The only problem is they go to sleep if you don't play them like right away. I don't know why that is. Huh? Slap them. They go in the sleep mode. Actually, they say sleep on there and then you have to hit the cue thing to make sure they're going to start right away. Got it. Interrupt hate that. Somebody cue I am. Hello. Two I am. Okay. Somebody cue I am. Okay. Two I am. Hello. Let's, let's get there. Okay. Oh, that is. Oh, we're going to throw a telegraph. Roomer. That's a telegraph. That's a telegraph. Yeah, that was interesting. We're at about a seven minute delay. I can't believe this. You talk about a chicken-shmit operation, man. We used to be on a seven second delay. No one has 75 minutes to lay. Just to make sure who's being naughty and nice. And of course that's because somebody put for well and Howard on here. When I was not probably a good idea. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, we'll start to show it now. I think. I don't want to dittle around since we only got one more day this anyway tomorrow. Right. Vote dittle. Think we ought to have a party? Vote dottle. I think we ought to take a take a parade for the fantastic job that Stern and Robin and Arty and Baba Boo and all these people did. Well, how do they look? That's what's the good. A parade. A duct tape parade? Sports. 70 QAM. Hello. No, thank you. A M. Hello. Here's the real reason for that long play you guys are on. Yes. It's because of that digital broadcasting it requires an eternity to turn the analog signal into a digital signal. This is the key. He's from a light one ago. 101.5 again. Yeah. Exactly. You can leave it. You might not be able to take a break. You must be obsessed with this show. Good. Good. Thank you. All the you never know about that music you guys are playing. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Thanks. Thanks. What is it? I thought I was calling you a Naples who I'm listening to you from. Oh, I see. But yeah, that long long band delay is because of the digital signal thing. The same band there. Does in band on channel. What does that mean? I don't know. It sounds impressive. No, that's what they take the A-A-M-A log signal and they get digital and That's a very great. Yeah. Yeah. I think it will sound so. Yeah. It's two and a half hours. I have to get that noise. Right. That's super headed line. That's why I've been winding all the time. It's not us. It's the signal. Okay. Family. Okay. Family. What's your name from my light? Rob Sydney. Rob Sydney. He's a PD competitor. A lot of not really competitive. A slash music station. That's a really cool and fun. What's used to be a life. Isn't it? That's what it is. This is a call. It was WLY. That would be work. Greg B. Dole was working recently. Most recently. Oh, and before we went back to the country kitchen to be the Major D. I mean the server. I mean the greener. Whatever the order. The cheap cook in bottle washer or dishwasher. At any rate. We haven't all these technical problems yesterday and are good friend from Light called up and if you missed that. That was a pretty simple lighting radio. That was one of the highlights of my mediocre career. I'll say that. We're having problems that we had. Again, just because I accidentally hit a button here. And then I tried to correct it by hitting another button which sure have to be the wrong one. And low and behold, here comes a guy from right across the street calling in and lucky was our engineer. That was very nice of me didn't have to do that. And he knew exactly which button was where and where to stick it. And of course, if you work for that crowd anyway. If you're in pilot and Dennis Collins, you know where to stick it to. You know, that's a cool thing though. What's that? Jefferson pilot. He's in insurance company. It's an insurance company. Although it's not a school of sun insurance. Not a bunch of broadcasts. This is an insurance company. And of course, they once upon a time owned WNWS after they bought it from Woody Sebrink. They were on the brink. And then we had the snooze crew. Remember that? Oh, yeah. We had the snooze crew. After we put the tombstone right there in the front yard. Did we put a car? It's there. It was there on the causeway. They wouldn't receive it. They wouldn't allow you guys out of the property. Remember? Yeah, they were all filming it tomorrow. There was Dennis standing in front of the building with his hands on a sips like indignant. Oh, gee, you guys. Yeah, and we were dancing on your grave. That's exactly right. When we forced him out of their so-called talk format in those glory final days when they had miss Ale. I don't think Alice was even there anymore. Why she had this rent. He was already on the light bulb and the whole evening for her friends to drag her ass on the closet. They had such notable. Surely tweeters. A.K.A. What's what's her other, uh, phony psychic name? He caught me. I don't know. I never visited that. Jiffsey rose Lee. Whatever one. It was a pretty weak. It was pretty weak. Dennis. We did the cruise and you lose. Anyway, here's the Barbie Benton's. We got a little bonus for today. We got a package deal for today. A little bit here in there as they come in. Barbie Benton. And also Alea. How's Alea doing? You feel that? Well, well, like this. Oh. Barbie Benton, January 20th, 1950, was born Sacramento California. Everybody knows Barbie Benton. He's going to be a little bag now. And yes, you're fifth. Huh? She's old. Fifty four. Anyway. The first one is Barbie Benton. Okay. Here's your photography that goes on for about 75 pages. I'm not going to waste your time. And the wall came tumbling down 84, 84, but that's a long time ago. I guess we haven't seen her lately. The hospital massacre, Dick Stocker, for the love of it, sugar time. Oh, it was a TV series on Max. I don't remember that view. No. Remember sugar time by the McWire sisters. Remember a filist McWire who is girlfriends of, uh, uh, Sanji and Con. No. Sanji and Con are the mobster from Charlotte. Remember him. Not if he was also doing due to the ex in her camel, who was also doing JFK. Wow. Everybody's doing everybody. Conlections. The third girl from the left, the great American beauty contest. Mirhat Esimersh Faskemos. No, I love her. Even though I can't do it right, because I don't know German. Although a few of the words are like, you wish. Uh, aka the quote, I'm so rising. Madsen Zudism. Ooh. You just sat in the hair on the back of your neck like curls. You know, your blood curls are just a heard German. Oh, one more deal. Cool, perfect though. The one more deal. Cool, perfect though. It's a lot of those too. That's my real favorite. aka the amount they case with Donald. aka your own, but I do the gold paid perfect though. And say, are you kidding me? What? Nothing. Just like you say something dirty. No. It's hot diamonds and cold blood. Okay. Um, brain. Del, cool. I don't know what I'm like. The other, like we're saying, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, all right. Don't throw a bunch of modern ring right now. You crazy. You lunatic. You man with a death wish. So Barbie Zetton is on here. She's multi-lingual and the liaison diplomat is about it. She's all over the place. See, we're starting right now trying to like potty train the audience because on Monday, we go back to 10 a.m. I'm sure that there are people still struggling in that today. New year. A lot of people come back there to late three days. Like whatever it had they feel like it. And as a result, maybe they haven't heard the news. It's Stearn's last year. One QMO V tomorrow. I have nothing to do with that by the way. And, uh, nor did any more than I had anything to do with them coming on in the first place. I just, uh, it is what it is, you know. But I guess they decided it was time to get serious or something like that. And Hank, the Humper is going to be doing Monday, uh, Monday more. Oh, and they're really good news is I think I got these losers finally convinced that having a sporting news radio lead in for Hank. He's going to do seven to ten because he's fat and old like me. And he sure is how this is going to get up 430 and a more than to do six to ten. So five to seven, we don't, and that'd be another good poll. There you go. Man. Now we got today's poll. But that would be a good one. But we won't do it. We love to be stock yesterday, which we want to apologize for that. Not a big apology, but mildly, you know, right? He should have been on there. It should have been. It should have been. I'll beat Joe's a gackie, although that is his, uh, he's his, uh, photojé. When you say I love eating nuts. That's his, uh, mentor his idol is Joe's a gackie. And he said, you lot about the beast anyway. Uh, so that starts on Monday. Five to seven aim will have somebody leading in the Hank. I have no idea. I like a living live person not sporting news radio, which would be really humiliating and versing and degrading. And then two to four, we still don't know. Or it's like defo. And then mad dog four to seven. And in fact, when I say it looks like defo, here's the pull results from yesterday. We asked who should be doing two to four on QM starting Monday when mad dog goes to four to seven. See, my brothers have been mad dog two to six. Right. And I don't care what anybody says. If they paid him right amount of money, he would do two to six because he's already coming out of two anyway. He can do all his construction business businesses, uh, before two, right? It like before. But a clock. Right. Right. You better sweep that. That would be the way to do it. Instead of like kind of giving away two to four where he's had those big numbers. That's not a good idea, but then again, there is anything that we do of good idea, not usually. Who should do two to four we asked and we had almost 1,400 votes, a pretty good response. Just a floor of 379. A lot of people out there love corn, especially buttered barbecue, man. Jeff the fourth, 379 because of a rather weak group of competitors. I've heard of Stevenson's pretty good, but then again, he's a little, what behind the years. He had two, 17, a very strong second. I've gone Curtis. You're coming along, baby. Kim Bo came for a lot of bogus, but I mean, a lot of votes to a weight, which seemed to come out of nowhere. That seemed to be the, I don't know what that was all about. Maybe the people at university died, maybe even a cow voted a few times. You think? I don't think. He wasn't doing all that well during the show and all of a sudden, right at the end of the show. Just zooming, here come all those kind of like votes from Ohio, yeah. More Howard David was 435. They still remember mold. Oh, do you enjoy it? He didn't get a lot of votes. The big, oh, 126. Rock solid. Wow. Gelty 93. Way down the way. Way down there. You're out. Warren accro, cram, Marty 74. Gelty barely beat him out. Joseph Gackie 55, learning our test 31 and Troy Stratford 19. Reason, Troy's analyzed places because most people haven't heard Troy on a year. Would you agree with that? I would. He said very limited exposure on a year. Go spots as well. Yeah. No, no. He's also been here in a weekend every once in a while. Places when he wouldn't be listening. Like sports stuff. Right. But he's good on a year and he's articulate. He knows what he's talking about. He wants to work a job staff for a couple of minutes, playing for the offense for about two to minutes. That's right. How long would you say was there, Josh? You don't know. That's before your time. I remember Troy. Remember Troy? Yes. Number 23. Right. Dolphin running back. What number was Mark King's 22, right? Yeah. He returned King's too. I think for a little bit. Troy? Yeah, didn't he? Troy Vincent. Troy. I remember Troy Vincent. I do. He said perpetually injury that. I think Troy Vincent isn't he? So the bills now. How's the, how's the, how's the, Oliver doing? What's he doing? What's he doing these days? Yes, Chris Thomas. 자e, Dave Allen Houston. Dave Allen. David Allen, David Allen. eigenlijkias, sure.тории, let's play a lesson. Nine STEM grade. Dave Allen. David Allen. David Allen. Hey, Alison. It's down. Oh. Peter. That's about it.stäver. Come to me. Yes, Mack. Peter. Andy. Sunday, process. Jamie knows. Everybody knows nice. David. bridges. And shit. I'm the heir. I did not hammer to bite into this month. I know so many of us question one play. I can see his wild behind the scenes addicts. I also made some of it. I am an annual walrus cookbook and chew and I get me some fresh coffee or your fight. I am a he's irreverent. So what's the deal to call? It's topical. What's the deal with his water gateway? He's incoherent. I'll say I want that. There's a double of it. But what does that? He's five and he's four and eight. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel nobody watches. But if I should be I'm radio stations. Nobody listens to them. And if somebody gets some fresh jingles. It's I'm as reported by John Manelian in the New York City news. The anti-deformation league is complaining that Don I'm as used to term the thieving views on the year last month. Oh, I'm as says you return the ADL's letter with an unspecified two word reply. I think the first word began with an F. Yeah. ADL chief Abraham. Let me try it again. ADL chief Abraham Fossman said he was deeply troubled. The promise referred to the publishers of the Mary and Carol Higgins Clark holiday Thriller the Christmas thief as Stephen Jews. He's always got this running battle with publishing companies because he's always trying to pedal his own books and his wives books and stuff like that. And his brother Fred and all this other crap. Then he made matters worse by reportedly saying I apologize. I realize that's redundant. Stephen Jews. Oh, yeah. Nice going, I'm a leave me alone. And Jesus God, I'm a said yesterday on his radio show, which is also a simultaneous him cables MSNBC. If you think he's bad listening, do you see him? Go after people are actually doing something wrong. You said I wrote a two word response across the face of the letter and said in back to them, I missed two listeners yesterday without repeating the two words. The first one over to where all sure began with an F and a second one with a Y. As in you, no a Y. Oh you. F you. I missed didn't return calls in ADL spokesman said the organization won't have any further comments until actually receives omniscient reply. I could already tell him I was began with an F. In his complaint, Fossman told I'm as we realized that you're sure often uses humor to be bulk stereo times by poking fun at them and we do have a sense of humor. It we feel that dozens of emails letters and calls since the program aired expressing anger and outrage and we don't think the reaction was unjustified. Well, whatever sounds kind of like a vegan ambiguous to me, like they're contradicting themselves. On one hand, we got a great sense of humor. We know that you poke fun and then on the other hand, the reaction was justified. Well, whatever you say, you know, nothing was going to about to uptight the F. F. Nicks, right? Right. Whatever. I just don't go away in that. Okay, we here's our poll today. This this one we can get some real heavy-do need realize it's almost 11 o'clock already. So I think we're in good training now. I think we got to run a train pretty well. We kind of like eased into this going back to 10 to 2 deal. Cause today, hard went all the way to 10 25. Thank you, Holly. By the way, thanks for going all the way to almost 10 25. This afternoon, I was thinking it was going to get off at 10 every day. Which I think the closest that he did was like 10 15 when you say, right. But we'll take it. We'll take whatever like a little extra benefit we can today and tomorrow and then the course Monday, it's back to the middle of the grindstone. What do you think was the best movie of 2004? Now the reason I'm taking that full, it's not original at all. But everybody in the brother does this at the end of a year or the beginning of the next year. There's the sixth annual film critics poll. There's the let's see. Now, which poll is this? Didn't a hero, but you know they didn't do it. It's from the San Jose Mercury news. The hero doesn't do anything original. I already don't know who did this. But anyway, it's a national poll. The best movies of 2004 and all of the else we got the worst ones, which we'll do tomorrow. You got that? I probably shouldn't have said that. But I've done a Jamison to him, by the way. Got a pretty good response for that. But wait till he's seen the response we get for Barbara Benton and Alia. We're going to bring her back. What do you think was the best movie of 2004? Now here's the short list that I've got. Okay? In fact, let me change the poll. Full switch. Okay. Much that button. What about a feeling of power to be able to do this now, you know? I mean, jibble, just to click that thing on it. Did you do that when I was on vacation? Yeah, it's good man. It's exciting. Woo! Well, I'm going to vote on here. Why do you think it about it? Okay? Where is it? Oh, there it is. And the reason I'm voting very easily, because only cell one of these. Okay. Well, so that's the only one I can vote for. I'm very bored because there's different categories. No, no. We're not doing categories, right? I mean, this isn't like going to be in the Guinness Booker Records. It's not going to be on our front page over time. It's just for fun to kill like three hours and five minutes, whatever. Well, you always like to take very simple things and like to like analyze and just to how with it, screw it. Just make it simple, like most of the people around there. Simple, simple is the opposite word. Simple, that's what America's all about. Take a look at your president. Who do you think, well, what does the best movie of 2004? Here's my list so far. And again, this is based on somebody's other lists. And there's a lot more that can be on here. And it will be more than delighted to put them on if they again, if it was 2004. Gone with a win will not qualify. Just missed a cut. And then again, our baby sideways closer is that closer or closer. I think it's closer, but I'm not sure. Is it closer? I think it's closer. I think you're getting closer. I don't know. Well, that's one of those words that can be pronounced either way. And since I didn't see it, I have no idea what it's all about. It was about a relief picture in baseball. It would be closer, right? Cluster. Right. Garden State, which of course that track is closed now has been for a few years. Collateral, House of Flying Dagger, Spurin, height 9, 11. That was my vote because I saw it about six times and it was great. Polar Express, Kinsey, Born Supremacy, Odak, take that back. I did see Born Supremacy. That was good too. Writing giants, Spider-Man 2, Shrek 2, the passion of the Christ, the Incredibles, Team America, before sunset, Doggville and Killville volume 2. That's our short list. Okay. It's on there already. You can vote on that or you can call in something else. Man, I got a lot of fish to eat. I mean, to fry here today. I don't know, I got piles. But business first, right? Business always comes first on this show and on this station. How's going to end? I'll take a one thing. When Schwerrand was here, that lot was just jammed with spots. Am I right? We didn't have all these, we had a candy yesterday. This is too many. We always like this during this. Get out of here. We're supposed to lie. Oh, yeah. The pressure on these bastards. When Schwerrand was around, man, we didn't have these post-hallet-dolledrum logs. We're like basically we're just burning in transmitter for free. Folks, we had spots up the old ass when old Schwerrand was here. And guess who told me that? He did too. 1057 and 560 WQA and Hayme Resolving yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1 800 mattress right now. Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel. They didn't get in a great night's sleep and you didn't get one tonight and for years to come with a great mattress and dollar mattress. I have to do a sit there on your fat lazy pimple ass and call 1 800 mattress. You can call them right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or maybe it's getting saggy and lumpy. And bumpy and uncomfortable. Guess what? Time for a new one. Two from a complete line of the top names in a business. Seely, sir, the Simmons King Quill tempered experience in foster hewit. Down on mattress takes same day orders all day long from kettleless steward from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And like they've been doing for a very long time, you still get to pick the date into our library window when you want that mattress delivered and they show up. 99.7% of the time. Exactly on time. Dollar mattress. They won the 2004 Better Business Beer Local Church Award for Excellence. And I've been using them for years. Anytime a mattress wears out, these are the people you want to call instead of wasting all your time on the in-guess. Slipping from heading to Department Store getting ripped off and exesperated and frustrated. Pick up that phone and call them today. They'll be knocking on that door no time at all. You can check them on the web at mattress.com or make that easy call 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTR ES. And you want to send me a little Rogers. Thanks exclusively on 560 mA. Get in sticker. There's no race. I love you so. 2 10 9's are seen. 3 10's. The guys break down. 3 10 9's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. 1 10's. We left by the steering. The rear is king, Wave got the Remote Deluxe. Here we go. Please a million Foolies on gross mode. One of you all do a bit of plays and streams on top of the street racing car. Then I want it. Basically I do that now. Now also, the motors to get us theziuster race. I love you so I can't take my eyes off of you That goodness you please What goals you try to have at least one Okay, Furnit 911 is kicking ass baby. That was my vote. I'm going to vote for that I go to Patee America just because no, it's very funny. You'd love it. Furnit 91127 But I guess I can go and probably get that on DVD right now, can I? I don't know if it's out yet. It'll be on. I don't think it's out just yet. I can wait Trek 6, trek 2, pass to the Christ 5, pass to the Christ Spider-Man 2, 4 team America's got 3, 1 is Georgia's, killed Bill Viang 2, 2 What is a Josh vote for? Well, he can't vote. But if you go, what would you vote for? Don't start getting picky with his taken from Crabigan. I'll put you back on Eccle again I would go for Furnit 911. There you go. The incredible pair, born supremacy is good movie 2 See, I got to be honest with you. I'll admit it right now. Come clean. I like Mad Damon. I mean, you're not supposed to admit that. It's even if you're a fangard. I don't have a problem with him. What? That day. I mean, I just like him. He's just all load. There are certain facial expressions that he makes him. Where he's like where he's mouth is. There are people that do that. They're okay. Look at unless they make a certain expression. Yeah, where he's got 75 Leap and his lips are like expanded. I don't want to suggest when he might have been doing. Here's the fast from Rick who's getting really chronic. He says don't want to be a chronic fine being in any way. Most of these eight agencies put all donations into one pot. Whatever is left over, they keep for use and other things. Even if you're holding a little scenario, I would be with it. I was like the United way, which had spies and always having always will. I mean, it just sent in the amount of them is like just fussing down the turlet. Remember after 9 11, we were involved in a relief aid organization that we checked out pretty thoroughly. We found up that every time was going where it was supposed to be going. Remember that right, the firewood, the firefighter thing right. As opposed to some of these generic ones, we're like 90% of it goes to somebody's pocket and for bureaucratic. That's not relief aid. It's just a caca. It's just somebody making money, exploiting other people's tragedies. What do we got? Let's see. The aviator. Right. Isn't that though 2005? No, that's already a bit of it. Oh my god. Carolyn, our old friend Carol, it's just conferred your feelings. Leonardo was the best actor. Oh, oh, oh, oh, I don't think I'm going to be well. Leonardo is the best actor of his generation. Leonardo Leo Decafrio. I've seen the previews of that. I'm going to tell you something. I just sit there in the last. I mean, I think of Howard Hughes. I think of Leo Decafrio. Don't you? No. Oh, I never met Howard my god. Yeah, but you've seen. What's about Howard Hughes? For the German. Right. The spruce goose saw that too. Oh, Leo did say that. You can't pass up a good goose, even a bad one. So let's get that on there. The aviator. It says his fabulous. Why is getting her reviews? But him is if he's if he's the best actor of his generation, then that's a pretty sed commentary. Now, who would you put in there like in the same generation like Ethan Hawke for example? By the way, Ethan Hawke is in one of the, it wasn't before sunset. Ethan Hawke. I never saw before. Yeah, it is. Now, would you say who would you say is the better actor Leo Decaf? I'm not talking about, you know, no current test. Yeah. Ethan, old Hawke is 80,000. And then there, I think he's not like about 35 and he was like 30. He's no he's still less about 10. But anyway, Carol in the sobbing Sue Argin with the old, just like me. And it starts effect in our brain. Elmer says eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. It says and dog who came out in 2003. Well, may have, but it's on this list here. And it's, you know, you can must it. It must have stopped over in the 2004. Okay. Right. Right. You got to get any votes anyway. I heard it was a dog. 560, pound, 560 on a Verizon and sing it around a sign you're vote for best movie of 2004. Line nine's got a good one out. That 2 AM Hello. Let me just take a series of unfortunate in. Yeah. We've got something. What is it? Which it's like that earlier? Go ahead. Go ahead. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you, DVD, 39, 11 is out on DVD. I read to the other day on Netflix. I've had that for months. I'm not talking about 39, 11. I was talking about TV, TV, American. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. The other thing is, have you guys talked about the, how time show it at the, at the original? You mean the story about how Ashley Simpson was vood almost off the stage? Yes. Yeah. We have another story on it. I'll do it right now. Okay. The last thing is, you know, has you guys done any pop-up on the best song like the love boat and like a Wi-Fi though and that sort of thing? Yeah, but you know, something we need to do that again. I'm glad you mentioned that. I wrote that. They've received some song. Yeah. Love you, Neil. Go cry. Thanks a lot, George. See, I know we got my new DVD, a dancer that I put a lot of money on for all that. I'm getting me embarrassed. I was a good idea on your part. George said, just bleed him dry, man. Is that what you said? That's a squeeze of squeeze until they bleed. Actually, since, you know, we didn't have spy reports including from a Josh right there. And I used to, you told us about it, right? Oh, it was great. Yeah. It made the New York Post. Actually, Simpson's ordnable half time performance was a lemon. According to the 72,000 plus Miami crowd, the 20 year old singer received a discernible course of booze following a performance of her song, La La. You make me want to scream. She sang before the audience jeered. Yeah. They were probably thinking the same thing. You make me want to scream too. Who are you kidding, bitch? Simpson wasn't on the trio of half time performers to deny it in the game that saw. Oh, it's not a fact, George. Why you want to make a song that one week and I was taking a lot of crap from beast and Josh about Avril Lavigne. They were comparing her to Ashley Simpson. Okay. Musically? I'm sorry. That is about the young man. It's that is so outrageous. I've rolled has her own music. Right. Then do me a little break from music. That's fine. But at least you've got a voice. Yeah. She's a voice. Yeah. She's a voice. She's not a voice. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. There you go again. You just, you know, the beast must have done something with Josh there while you were gone. Well, Karen's was away. There's an image. Simpson was among the trio of half time performers to deny it in the game that saw you. We don't sell the count kicked ass. The camera cut away from her faces to boing began. Well, if it were so far, but it cut away from her face right in the beginning. The negative hook of reaction came months after her performance and be sees a certain amount of live which he reveals he used background vocal tracks. The miss happens later attributed to acid reflux. Oh, my God. Give me a break. As said reflux my acid. However, the orange bull crowd did have a reason to cheer the wild Disney company gave a theme park ticket every fan. Well, is that darn sweet. They gave away a promotion that could cost as much as 4.3 million if all the tickets are used as an honor of the country. That's very important. The intensity of that anniversary of the Disney land park in California. And now what does that mean? Is that it was the ticket good for Disney land and Disney world or Disney land? Because that's the most of the people at the orange bull. Although there was Southern Cal people were there. But nothing was to the ones from Florida going to be stepping out of the way up to California to go to Disneyland. The second season, Simpson's scripted MTV Reality Show, the Ashley Simpson Show, premieres January 26. We sure market down to you. We sick enough to refresh your TV on the 25th and we'll have a great time. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. The SNL appearance and preparation for her first nationwide tour, which begins February 18th at Los Angeles Universal amphitheater. Oh, won't that be great? Maybe we should get boot office days there too. You couldn't sing if you stuck an oosie up around. I saw the clip. Talk about flat off catterwally. This is Garbysh. In fact, let's bring back Janet again. Even just in Ticobell and Janet would be a big improvement on that. Get everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Five, you know, the more you think about that, the more you want to shake your head and say, how is it possible that a country that's been around for like 17, 79, 90, for like over 200 years, right? Right? How is it possible to be so juvenile, so embarrassing, so uptight, so pure atanical, so everything that's supposedly we want to get away from. How is that possible? Chris, what's going on? Is that what it is? Goi em? Is that what you're trying to say? Goi em? And for a bit of a right wing, Jews, is that what you're trying to say? Religious fanatics, lunatics, crazy people like the ones that blew up the World Trade Center in the Pentagon on 9, 11. Crazy, crazy. Religious people, is that what you're trying to say? Yeah, those are the ones. Okay. How's that pull coming? I got news for a man, I got four years to go on this and what I'm going to do is I'm going to eradicate religion from the phrase to the globe. You don't believe it? No, no, I'm going to do my best. I'll go get the squeegee. Hey, listen, I've been on for 75 years and I've gotten about four people. I finally saved their brain so they realize that all this is stopped firing into the crap. When you place in the fairy tales, once you did, you did. There ain't no, there ain't no Saint Peter up there waiting at the early gates. You're not going to meet your maker. And I'm going to meet Marvin Maker, Monticello Raceway. Okay. Forget about it. Enjoy it now because once you did, that's it. There ain't no cockroaches coming back. There ain't no rabbit rabbits coming back. There ain't no nothing. That's it. Once you did, that's it. In the box, dust above, asses to asses, ass to ass like in a recwim. What? What wasn't that ass to rectum? Seeing that was probably the most popular. What would our crowd? There were so many good scenes in that. Yeah, there were. What do you think was the least, the least, the least best, the best movie of 2004? Is our full question? Turn height 9.11.51. What are you in? Nobody even close to that. That's our great liberal Michael Laura loving crowd. And let's say have a little of you to them. And Barbara boxer. Track 2 9. Passing up the Christ 6. Wow, that's depressing. Kill Bill volume 2 5. Team America 5. Spider-Man 2 has got 5. The incredible score. Born supremacy 3 and after that, it's like, although before sunset's got 2, would even hawk. Never thought, well, get with it. What's it about? It's isn't before sunset. Isn't that the one, there's a sequel to the movie where he met the girl in France. They were both on vacation. Oh, it's a French girl with Julie Delpey. That's right. Something like that. I've never thought that. I did it on the park on the grass. They did it on the lawn. And then we're going to meet again someday. And of course, we assume they never would meet again. They're catch what they're meeting. I guess, pretty sure. That's what it is. The watch of the first. In fact, is one of the, let me tell you right now, speaking of Ethan Hawke fans, not that he's going to make an answer to my, the village voice, the sixth annual film critics pulled 2004. Guess what their number one movie is before sunset. Right. A journal sent out of the spotless minus number two. Did we get that on there, by the way? We did. Yeah. Dogville 3, sideways four. Goodby dragon in five. I mean, I saw him goodby dragon in. That's a new roachers. That's a looser boy. That's a 166. You can. The story is so dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb. He had to mistresses. He's dumb dumb dumb dumb. He made a silly and but strong stand-up gun gun. Did we miss with the mob so dumb dumb dumb dumb. Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb. Old word for George Bush East and then down. He's a third. He's a third. I just realized this AC and this guy right yesterday. If they did January 3rd and 10th and almost every cut on here, I see his a Christmas thing. I mean, that one's okay even though it's a little drummer boy. It's okay. Little drummer boy. But why are they doing that like, Christmas? I ain't the right to do this. You guys AC have a Christmas is like the 725. Oh, by January 3rd and 10th, it's a little bit on the side like last year's monster fry. You know, get rid of it. Mark says in a fact that he obviously tacked out very hastily because he's pissed off and fired up. He's really foaming at the mouth about Ashley Simpson. Tell him, tell him, tell him, let's bitch. He says, I was at the orange bull and I can't believe this stupid bitch is still trying to sing. Not only is she dumb but has the most ugly of my hairy toll. Well, there's a letter in there but I can't say that letter. So that's the letter for Mark. I just don't understand that I don't think we're edge anybody anything. But when there are people who obviously don't look good, they have no talent. And all of a sudden they're like, big celebrities like William Hunn for example. There's another one. He's ugly. He can't sing. He's an idiot. He comes across as a real dupe. He's a novelty act. Is that what it is? Exactly what it is. Yeah, it's hard. Come on. Yeah. Oh, kind of like all the people staring for each amount. All the against and whimps and, uh, Mids and even the goboratacrated. You know, I can't get a great idea for Howard's final show tomorrow because he likes to put in talent in the scoofy mids. It's hard. How about the Matty Bell? Wouldn't that be great? He could do one of his Matty to mind routines. On radio. On radio. Yeah. Senior Wenches. 567. 560. That's really a 2004. 560. And a Verizon. Sing it a word of a slime. I'm glad Carolyn, you know, I would love you dearly. But when you tell me that Leonardo DiCaprio is the greatest actor of his generation, I really at that point had to crawl around on the floor. Peking my guts out and doing like duty in my pants. I can't believe you said that. Dude, he said it four times too. I wonder why. Well, what did I guess he's maybe she's got a thing for Leo. You know, yeah, no, it is. Is that what it is? Yeah. Oh, no. Where's all that Titanic stuff? Now there's one. I know we can't play. Oh, god. Hi, I'm your 15 year old host, Jenny. And this is Titanic's hot. We're in the Mife, right? Kimberly, talk to the radio about our favorite movie. Titanic and Leo. I love you, Leo. Yeah. We talked about the most beautiful thing in Titanic. Leonardo DiCaprio. I love you, Leo. I know. I love Leo too. Well, today's topic is the Titanic. I've thought Saturday for the 14th time. And I cried. I've seen it 17 times. I cried every time. I wanted Leo to live this time. I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo. I wish my boyfriend was Leo. Oh, my god. Look at the clock. Titanic starts with a mall in 15 minutes. Let's hurry. Hold on, Leo. We're coming. Okay. Thanks for listening. To an next time on Titanic talk. But our topic will be Leo, Rock, Leo. Guess who's written an asset of Alberto Jose Jimenez Gonzalez. Blime to reason. You'll buy a using. And you're going to put my name's ghost. My former troops in jeopardy. This is about the safety and security of American force. This is great. And he says, so here what you're doing is putting that in jeopardy. You have the former head of jagged. The public over here in the United States military say, Hey, man. This is way beyond the interrogation techniques you're signing off. Way beyond what the military manual for guidance of how to do with prisoner says. And so the point I'm trying to make here, and I will come back with questions. If I have any time, I won't, well, I don't have any time. Is this is important stuff because there was a fundamental disagreement within the administration. And based on the record, it seems to me, although it may not be totally, it may not be dispositive. Your judgment was not as good as the judgment of the Secretary of State. Your judgment is just as good or sound as the chief lawyer. If from the jag, your judgment was not as sound. And the question I wanted to debate about is the judgment. There you go. The judgment judgment day is coming Alberto Jose, How many is Gonzalo's you turn to? You lunatic, you crazy person. He makes John Ascroft seem like I said the other day, like a Sunday school kid. Okay. He's wasting seem even nine. I would say preacher, but then it's a bad, bad choice. You'll love this story because anything that happens bad at Walmart, you love. You have the statistics streak about Walmart and then again, so to the most of the rest of us. Fort Latterdale, a Miami woman who's gone guilty yesterday, poisoning her boss by putting red poison into a soda can sounds like something from passions. How's Liz doing, by the way? Tamisha Foster, what kind of a name is that? Tamisha? Tamisha Foster, 37 was caught on a hidden camera, Draping the toxic mix into Mark Horusos drink in 2000. The pair were co-workers at a Walmart store in Pemberg Pines. She said she was only trying to force Karusos to go home sick that she had recently discovered a new she had written checks from his account. Tamisha, shame on you, Tamisha. Karusos was taken to an emergency where he was treated more leaves. Foster sentencing a schedule for January 20. She faces up to 30 years. Not third man. And prison on the jury conviction. In May, a state of pills court overturned Foster's previous conviction because she was charged with attempted poisoning, which would not a specific crime under Florida law. How could attempted poisoning not the specific crime under Florida law? What kind of communist bunch of crap is that? Florida? No, brother. Better get your fat ass governor. If he ever comes back from Grand Standing over there in Tsunami land, better get him back. Say hey, what's this all about? And then of course, I'll give you a few Hail Mary's. These are good Catholic boy now that is a wife converted him. She gave him good old-time religion. Let's say, yes, yeah, I was right. Before sunset from Bill and Fort Lauderdale, who's getting very good fashes last two days. Before sunset is the sequel to be for sunrise 95, which is the one like I told you where Ethan Hawker and the Ciong girl they meet in Paris, whatever the both on vacation traveling alone and they both kind of hook up together and they like wandering around and whatever. And they do their thing on the lawn and they she leaves or he leaves on the train and they've changed numbers and what these days are going to and then they get together again and before sunset. CB 4 sunrise before sunset. sunrise sunset. Kind of a Jew thing to me. Oh, sorry. Bill says I work in Fort Lauderdale believe in Miami down the street from that double murdering bastard. He can mean O.J. is it? How come nobody told us whether the stadium is really 30 miles from Kills about to. Oh, wow, it is. Yesterday on the turnpack is I passed the stadium for them in on his jaw robby. I hit the trick meter in my car upon rolling up in front of O.J. is house at 20 points of miles which is very close to. I told him that I apologize to whoever I was ripping an ass. He was reading that the hot thing. What? I said you didn't say that it wasn't some article that I was from article but I was confirming it I said because Kills are big area. Parts of it might be 30 miles away. You said it might be. It might be. It might be. It could be. And now we know it is. Very caring would say that to him. Of course he still said. He's still fall down. He's dead. He used to be fall down. Drunk now. He was a man. He was a mean drunk by when he was sober during those loose moments he had. He was his fun. He was great. Plus of course his work was impeccable. He was sensational. As opposed to these boring cookie cutter guys. You know, very jackass wrote a column praising the broadcast duo that to the Orange Bull again to then who the hell did that greasy who did they play by play? Nestler, Mark Nestler said his name. Brad Nestler. I don't know. Brad Nestler. He is so bad. So lame. He got booted off the NBA telecast. And then they stick him in there because he checks the mode travel. You know, he checks and can be 700 years old. I know he did the Rose Bull. But anybody in the right mind would rather hear he checks. Even if he did the wallflotch in on TV. Then here Brad Nestler. You are weak baby. Very, very bad. And very jackass writes this column to his demir. Oh, it's the right pair. They deserve to do this game. We are right. You are such a suck up man. Probably Brian Bob Greesier. Maybe Brian Greesier bought him a drink sometime during the soda pop. Certainly nothing alcohol or for a little burry. That's a lonely and cheese don't go down to good with martini. If it's green lizard's in Roseanne, very, you little simple to man, you idiot. Although have a nice chat with Greg. 26 past 11 at 5 60, 72, I am. You are listening to me or Roger. I want to get a school of 60, I'm on 56 60. A Q A M. Where are the exploding balls? I hope we can play this another one. Sure. He wears a club across the street. And if you don't have no way. You think we can play this? Give it a shot. You know we don't have that. We know it doesn't matter. Yeah. We know that you know what we think. It's not bad. We know that we know what we're like. We know that we don't have. We know that we don't know what we're like. And we know that we don't have. We know that we don't have. Yeah, I was going to the rehearsal. But when he said back, I was very pleased when he said that. Or you know, back, back, maybe got back. But the reason I've played that is because Carolyn now started this thing. Don't apologize for starting it. I'm so glad that you did. She said I'm so star. I started this. No big lad. We need a little some of the spice it up. Pick an oddly. I was a lot of fun. Why not? Marvin's poem, who's eating Gilbert Grape. Oh, maybe Leo's eating Gilbert Grape's. And then this voice life. It says forget Titanic. By the way, I do not have a crush on him. Yeah, right. We believe you, Carolyn. So we know it's good. She wants to like a five-aliment squeeze him and put him on her knee. And do whatever else. And check out see if there's anything really there. We're telling you. He's not a smoothie or a young smoothie. He's what I'm hearing. Leo. I was like, I don't know. Five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless ones. I'll tell you who's still, who still looks pretty damn good in his A fine actor and just a wonderful all-around guy and got nothing intelligence to live in France with his family. And out in the USA. And that's my good buddy, Johnny Depp. He's in that Gilbert Grape movie for where it's worth. Is he? Would Leo to caprio? I'd like to leave, I was chasing him around big time. Because Johnny Depp, one thing about him, he's still sure is pretty. I'll tell you that. He's a pretty man. Even George would agree with that. He's got a priority in the aisle. No. He's pretty. He's not handsome. He's not cute. He's pretty. You know? See, there's different. I realize it's all factory. You've never less than. And just like it was a check. It's the same thing. There are girls who are like like Brittany and then they're like cute. Like Avrilovine is cute. He isn't pretty. She's cute. She's cute. Right. See, see the difference. I do. And Johnny Depp is pretty. Nevertheless, third I'm pretty good too, by the way. And what was that other movie I told you to watch? Where he plays the author? Oh yeah, that's really a freaky movie. That's good. What the hell is that? See, you saw that, right? You didn't? No. It's pretty good either. Are you sure? I want to. It's not like spectacular. It's not far-go. It's not, you know, but it's pretty good. He always shows up for work. Johnny. There's movies are usually usually. Okay. And then of course, like pirates of the Caribbean, whatever that was. Which I won't watch, but everybody said, hey, the movie is suck, but he was great. So when a movie sucks, and even say somebody who was in and who is the lead actor was great, he must have been pretty damn good. He was. He was even good in Friday the 13th when he hit the ceiling. What? What? Blood? Blood all boy. See, I thought that memo got circulated. Which one? The one that said cut the crap. Okay. Now, what do you think was the best movie of 2004? Fair and height 911 is just off to the races. Michael Morris got. Yeah. Look at that. 77 votes. Despite seeing those people who saw it, they will appreciate it. Actually, it was in bowling for Columbine. I don't know. I say, I get confused now because I've watched about somebody's right. This was the one where that's right. This is the one where Al Gore was sitting up there and they had it in the beginning of the movie. Right. Why get so damn confused with those two? It's like one movie to me now. But, and of course, we're not one member of the Senate, not anybody. Not even 10 Kennedy certainly. Not John Kerry or John Edwards. And not the rest fine goal, not anybody. Not even Joe Biden. How do you like that? He was Biden this time, I guess. Biden is terrible. But what do they mean? Now, what I'm going to have to ball us to get up there and join the black caucus, the House Drank Maxine Waters John Congress, that gang. And all they had to do is just, and it was, it was a done deal. Maybe it was, the fix was in. Don't accept the results of that pre-conce�ed in 2000 because if they wouldn't have accepted that, we thought we wouldn't have this again in 2004. And we wouldn't have all these dead people over there in Iraq. I'll tell you that right now. Almost 1400 did Americans thousand and of course, 10,000 injured, some of the whose lives have been totally destroyed. And not to mention the countless thousands of Iraqis that we don't bother counting because they're animals anyway. That's why we're there to liberate. Right. A hundred and twenty hundred and thirty. Yeah. We don't know how many. And of course, a tremendous number of them children women, you know, obviously evil doers. Well, they should have attacked us. That's right. Evil doers that we better eliminate right now. It's called emancipation by elimination by decapitation by decapitation. Speaking of Leo. Fair and I love his gut, E1. And then it's Spider-Man 2's gut 16. Tanks to the Christ 14 and Trek 2 14 same movie both very tales. Team America 12, the Incredibles 8 killed Bill Vagan 27. Is that what's in either one of them? Not for you to. What do you mean by that? They're martial arts movies mostly in queer church. Artile arts movies. Artile arts movies. You don't know. You don't like to read the movies. Oh no. What kind of crap is that? Born supremacy six, that's good movie. And I do like mad Damon. I actually came out of the closet and I met to there like him. I would do him. Harold and what is it? Harold and Kumar Garboto White Castle. What is that? Or is it good movie from Harold and Kumar go to White Castle? Right. Stone or movie. Very funny. Let me tell you something right now. Okay. The list I have from the village voice. This is the sixth annual film for this call. This is got a list of 150 movies. Okay. I don't think that Harold and Kumar go to White Castle. It isn't. If it's on here. Look at that. The price is only 45th on there. It was good for them. It was out last year. Good for those. The village voice. What? It was out last year. It was very popular. Oh, it's number 122. It's tied with freedom radicals. The mother. Mr. 3000 open water. Persons of interest in trilogy. Yeah. What do those suits know? Well, it's tied for number 122. Can't be all that bad. So there it is. It's got four votes. Garden of States got four. Sideways for. And then everything else got three or less before sunset. So it's only got three. With Ethan Hawking, whatever her name is. What's your name? Julie Delpey. I don't know. Whatever he really got about that. I mean, don't be your deputy. Somebody will know. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. That's good. That's schedule for today. Mad Dog again. Four days in a row. Oh, man. As he work in heavy duty this week. Two to four. Tank Goldberg had wind him. Crystal Palace in Obama's again. 4 to 6. That's a good one. If there's one thing I get real nervous about is people are gamble like crazy. Oh, sorry. I'm not going to tell that woodbind story on the ear and don't you better not tell it either. At least not the amount. Anyway, nobody's been this. But what? No cheating. That's phenomenal. That is phenomenal. Get some help. You're so full of crap. You're so full of crap. You used it that we make a lot of difference to me that I'm in. Of course not. No. But the point is this. Before it's too late. The point is. I knew this crap was coming. That's why I hesitate even telling. When you're dead. I don't believe it. And you make a listen to me. Yeah. When you make a you're losing your ass and you make a big comeback. Even though you may only break even a little bit like I did yesterday. It's better than walking in and like wrapped about wooden like couple of grand. I mean, it's all relative depending on the hunger I was slipper. You might be like John. So that's much better story. Do you see what I'm saying? I do. When you're losing your ass and all of a sudden being on a fight our wheel there's 2,000. You're in there 750 on the line and boom 5000 again. That's the fourth time I hit 5000. I was like in the last two weeks and one week I wasn't even here. I was in Florida. How do you like that? So what's the number for GA? Seriously. It was a phenomenal comeback. I'm proud of it. If you're going to play five dollar machines, baby. You better be a have big balls and be have a big bank rule. Okay. A big wide. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 out of Verizon and sing it a while. It's lines. WC, wham. Hello. Can you say the meet the soccer? Great. Meet the what? The fuckers. Oh yeah. Meet the next year. That's this year. This year. Yes. Trust me when I tell you that came out. Unless it came right out of the ass and the last year. I don't know. It's out right now. That's what I'm saying. And today's January the fifth. I don't know. It was six to what say it came out. It probably came out in the tail end of December. The ass ended December. If you wouldn't put me to fuckers on there. Which I heard it really stuck. It's got a lot of big names in there. Isn't Al Pacino and that? Barbara Streisand. Oh, like I said. Yeah. Not for me. No. No. Nishd from here is the Chinese. W. Hey there. Yes sir. How are you doing, Lily? Okay, pal. Ready? Listen. You're just talking about the thrill of coming back. What's your fun? Yeah. I know exactly what you're talking about. And it can be really dangerous. But a lot of fun when they're at it. Right. There's actually a book that I read. It's called Bob the Gambleer. Yeah. And if you're doing Google ship search and on and I'm going to find it. I'm sorry. Careful. You almost said something else. You said Google sure. I'm sure if you're doing Yahoo search on it. You'll come up with it. It's really an entertaining look at the psyche of the Gambleer. Yeah. What? You're doing a great show. Yes. You'll see you at the seminal one day. No chance. Okay. You'll see me poppin' a park when you get the slots in your next fall. I love poppin' though. I also go. I live up here at one farm. So I go through the gray-own. And they got a focal room over there. I go through sometimes. Well watch your man. Don't get carried away now. Well you know why? You know why? He tells of what about how you're lost your house and your wife and your dog and your family. And you're pension now. I go in with a limited bank hole and what's his gone with God? So that's a smart man right there. That's it. Take whatever you can afford to lose. Otherwise forget about it. Exactly. I leave the credit cards. I leave the ATM card. It's all at home. Good choice. Okay. I see it poppin' a bank. And in closing. Yeah. I didn't even know her. Okay. See. Get out there before you lose the license. I'll invite the way Wally Hennisies to the Anti-Christ. Where's that Kelly Shepherd? Twenty-till noon at five, 60, WQAM. We got a nice finish to line up for what? No, I did not. I got to Hank there. Hey, you're a very generous gambler. Shame on you, Hank. Ah, Hurricane Warov 630. And then, seven o'clock, you have a Georgia Tech. You have a Georgia Tech. What? Basketball? I guess it's nothing else going on in the middle of January. Right? So I guess it's her Kains. A Georgia Tech. The Yellow Jackets. Isn't that what they are? That's what they are. Well, I'll be damned. And then, any K-th follows you and basketball like at 930. Because college basketball don't ground like all forever and ever and ever. So as result, 80 K has got some extra work to do tonight. Hey, give it a y. The Overseen Unders. The Ins in the House. And then, you can't get any K-thood by one day. Hey, did you earn less than 50,000 bucks last year? Speaking of punching your guts out of the answer is yes. Then it's time for a career change. Pick up the photo called Fast Train toll free. And one, 86 fast train. Fast train can have you train ready for that new high-paying career in as little as four short, easy months. Count them if you can. Fast train offers high demand high pay career training. If you like computers. And if you've been, uh, everything about becoming a computer network professional. Call fast train today at 86 fast train. And don't forget the demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high. Fast train can have you train to ready for your new career in as little as four months. And fast trains all over town so there's not to be location convenient nearby you. They're in Kendall Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and even Pembroke Pines. Fast train offers job placement and financial aid for guys who qualify and cows and everybody else too. They evening and weekend classes forming right now. So if you'd like to change your life, get off that dead end job you got. Get out of that rut. Make the call day that can put some serious cash in your pocket. Call fast train toll free at 1. 86. Fast train. You're listening to Neil Rogers. The letter will be passed to the station. 2. 8. And. Joe Roken hosts up brand new reality show. All right, Harold, what is your greatest field? Well, Joe, I'd say, dear to the station. It's three year old fear factor. Kda, for 50 grand, all you have to do is propose to your girlfriend of nine years. Oh, uh, Joe, can I just go back a girl named Solar? We'll feel a factor as they show where contestants face their real fears. Not made up stuff like grabbing a flag attached to the end of a craze. Him stories in the air. Emily, are you ready for your real fear factor challenge? Totally. All right, you have a choice. You can walk in your boss's office and demand a raise. Or you could be the life sewer rat. Because that's easy. Here goes. Oh, oh. The fear of success is definitely a factor for you. Don't miss real fear factor. A show for people with a real fear of quality television. Amen. That's exactly what I was thinking. They must really play the American people for a bunch of morons, you know? And that's probably the sub-bottle one again. 11.45 at five, 60 WQ a.m. Happy Thursday, T. and K.S. And Howard Stern's last show on QM tomorrow morning between six and whatever he goes home. There's no way in the world that he's going to go through the entire show tomorrow. But if we get a 90 share tomorrow on this turn show, he's going to say something about a, you know, I'm on Monday. He ripped Citadel for a big part of the show because they dropped him in all their markets. Why is this a big secret? I don't know. Why is he not being discussed? Now, the reason is going to happen. It's not like one of these things. Well, maybe they're going to change about no other. And I kind of change your mind because contracts are being written. And we certainly want to have like overlapping contracts. We can't have like Hank doing mornings and Howard Stern doing mornings and like you see what I'm saying right that we like having Stern do we like to tend to 11 hour me doing it at the same time. We shouldn't want to do that. So would any rate Hank will be on seven to 10 Monday morning and then we'll be tended to every day. Not like 10 15, not 10 45, not 1107, but 10 to two, which is what Tom being paid to do. What the contract says now, very specifically. And in like two to four, we don't know. I mean, how do we say that on Thursday, January six for a show that's going to start on Monday, January 10. Well, we don't know, but it's probably going to be default and we like default a lot, you know, I better start sucking up a little bit because I ripped him in ass yesterday and it because I was honest and I told to the way I really feel, but since he's going to be doing it, we like, yeah, we got to be team players right. Right. And we got to, you know, always have a goal of us. Slap ourselves on the knee and say, oh, he's going to be great. You're going to have that 12thborn man. He's all that to live in large stuff. And what's that, Mr. Rontiz restaurant that he likes, you know, all that. Right. I have to imagine he's the only talk guy I can think of sports or otherwise who's a real guy. Right. Speaking of the seminals, you know, I was in town for that week, a couple of friends of mine suggested, oh, let's go over there to the seminals, you know, and check it out. I said, no, I just like the color we have before good guy, but I guess he's delusionally, you know, why would I want to subsidize them since they're going to get a piece, you know, why would I want to do that? Well, especially since it's what do you mean by that? What they ever do to you? They put those bogus ads on there behind the scenes, those bogus ads talking about gambling is evil and it's going to ruin the reputation and the images out for the family of tourists. And the meantime, it comes to find out that it's being financed by people who are just afraid of competition. That's all. That's the business that they're in. This is the life they have chosen. I mean, you talk and I didn't see all of my saw couple of them, but a friend of mine told me about the nature of some of those ads. I mean, just just of people who are worse, basis fears and history of the public. Like an evil hand was going to come out of that slot machine and just choke and gag you and the kidnap all your children ever to be seen again. The loghead like sucked into the slot machine and just vanished. Am I right? Isn't that kind of like the nature of the ads pretty scary? Right. Well, that's why I'm not going to subsidize them. A hub and then dreared. As the US law of ins used to say before all that other stuff happened in the Balkans before we kill all those people. Oh, sorry. A peels court speaking to kill in people. A peels court throws out and creates conviction while I'll be damned. Is this something that we have justice in America? Uh, once in a while not to not to walk to know. And where heates capital murder conviction for drowning your children work overturned a by an appeals court which ruled a prosecutor's next for witness gay false testimony entered trial. Oh, brother. Yates lawyers at our unit hearing last month before a three judge panel of the first court of appeals in Houston that psychiatrists Park Deetz was wrong when he said he can sell them on an episode of the TV show Law and order involving a woman found in this and by reason and send it for drowning or children. After jurors found the eight skill to attorneys in the case and jurors learned that no such episode existed. We conclude there is reasonable likelihood that Dr. Deetz's false testimony could have affected the judgment of the jury the court ruled. We further conclude that Dr. Deetz's false testimony affected the substantial rights of the appellant. jurors in 2002 sentence dates to life in prison in 2001 deaths of the three of her children. She was not proud in the midst of the other two. Oh, so what does this mean? They overturn the conviction. You try. Oh, we're going to have a new trial and actually it's going to turn her loose over and over on some other kids. What are we going to say in the same cell with Susan Smith and see what happens? We could play it. We're not being good idea. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. We're not being good. Towards 4G's our Christ and King. We are end of the rip-up once. Praise to the Elephants of the Messiah. We sacrifice we must ingest. The fire blood of all those flesh. The fire blood of all those flesh. The fire blood of all those flesh. The fire blood of all those flesh. The fire blood of all those flesh. You know, it's interesting. I was just thinking about that Barbara Boxer is the one senator that signed that resolution. Right. Joint House Center resolution not to certify the election results in Ohio. What was John Kerry? You know, that article I mentioned that we had on a website by Robert Perry on January 6. Was Ron Kerry reports for duty. Oh, man. We could call this the Boxer rebellion. I love the way that he dragged to reservomac a rag doll. And that was kind of a meal. Well, she wasn't going to do it out of the world. Here's his info here in Vich who's got $Biddy's dollars. And her husband is drag. He always like stone off a ranch. Well, she takes a lot of pink. I guess she can look for him. And he's dragging around like a rag doll. And her hair looked like a rag doll. She was she was definitely an ass at 567.0560. And John Edwards, he was really a big ass head to when he looked away. He helped sweep the south for carrying the Democrats. Pound five 60 and he Verizon. Look at that. There's not one call on the board right now. It's animal about. I can't remember. I saw that it must be some kind of an accident. Look at that. There's a lot of animals. Oh, is that what it is? They're all watching Alberto Jose and his Gonzalez. Yeah, fat chance. I think they're so mesmerized, but whatever the hell we were talking about. Which I have no idea what it was. Oh, about Leo. I think the Leo talk is probably drove this crowd away. And although I will say this, I like him better than Mel Gibson. If I never saw Leo to cap it again, I'd be very happy. But I like him a much better than Mel Gibson. And every respect. WCWAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Your up. Yes, man. You were asking about that movie. Yes, closer. Yes, closer. Is that it? It's closer. It's the one with Julia Roberts and Jude Law. Oh, I like Jude Law. Yeah. It's not like occasionally. What's the last one? Pretty good. Yeah. Well, you won't like them in this movie. Really? Yeah. It's not very good. It's kind of like a love triangle, but there's four people. And they just bounce around. I love four. About that. Yeah. And I think it was very good. I was wondering if you had ever seen or anyone that has mentioned to you the movie, owning Mahoney. No. I'm never Jerry Mahoney. We call Winchell. Well, it's a pretty good movie. It stars. I remember when Pat Mahoney was always on Mr. Ego show, Screaming about abortion. Is it a soap, soap, seamer, Hoffman, kind of overweight guy, ready to hear it. Yeah, right. Yeah. It stars him and it's based on that. He's also on a tell that Mr. Ripley played pretty. Yeah. Yeah. And, but Boogie Knight, he was the. Right. Yeah. He stars in this movie. And it's based on a true story. There was a guy, Dan Mahoney, and Toronto. And it early 80s who developed, he's addicted to gambling. And he works in a bank. He's he's a, has the authority to give out loans. And he keeps over writing loans. And instead of a $200,000 loan, he'll make it for $300,000. And then take the 100 grand to the casino. Who sounds like a plan? Well, he eventually did get caught. But if he gets tanty, he should check it out. I think he's like it. What's it called? Owning Mahoney. Okay. And that's about it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great new year. Okay. You too. See you. Bye. Oh. Where the hell is this? He's starting already. What? I saw the only person under that you ever did. Can I be as bad as I was? You might not like Magnolia like I do. But anybody doesn't like Amy Man. As far as work concerned as a county of Pinko, piece of crap ought to be deported immediately if not sooner. I like her since till Tuesday. How could you not like Amy Man? She is just fine as wine. What's that? We need depressing. Well, I was really depressing too. But what's that other one? The other one? The other. And then other song from Magnolia. Oh, I don't know the name of it. It's cracked. Huh? I can't tell the one you're talking about. Oh, I'll find it. You'll find it. See the right here. That's getting so real quick. Interesting. But it's great song. It's called, uh, it's right here. It's called, uh, why's up? There it is. And it's enough to make you commit suicides, no matter fact. Get maddy Bell, there you go. Oh, man, it's just the one. But if this right in with that part of the movie, you know? Uh-huh. And people would problem most. Ha ha ha ha ha. Like, way to make some AC. He's got a small problem. Yeah. What's here? Where are you taking me? Where are you taking me? Where are you taking me? She's so, and, and the music, which I think she wrote a lot of it, didn't she? Yes, she did. Uh, it's so perfect. If it's for the movie like a rubber glove right inside your, right dome. Yeah, inside your ringus. For all your space cadets. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, I'm the Verizon and please do yourself a favor. Go out and rent or buy your steel Magnolia. I don't care what George says. It's long when you got like a weekend when it's really boring. It's cloudy and rainy and breezy and when you're going to go out and like, you know, go make a short. You're going to make a center. Huh? And you can make up your own ending. I don't care whether George likes the ending or not. Believe me, you go watch it for yourself. Don't listen to him. He's just always looking for a Mr. Negatory, you know? One of the great movies ever made in history with an every, I think for every acting performance in it is sensational. Even you don't disagree with that. No, that's right. Okay, so shut up. Get a QAM. Hello. Can we give some message in there? I can never remember. Okay. That's it. That's a bar. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, Johnny Mohn here. The best movie of the year was collateral. collateral. Okay. That was the best movie. And then nothing, I was trying to call a couple days ago, is, you know, it was all the hype that, you know, Howard had was the, you know, the serious announcement. Not so over the. You know, the only scattered up little over 200,000 additional subscribers. So, right. You know, I don't know if it could have been any hotter than he was at the time when he may be now, and then, you know, Carmen's in what over there. Right. He does, you know, he's a million subscribers a year. Yeah. Additionally, she here to make any money. So, I don't know. That wasn't a good day. Now, I always think about the sure thing. Okay, because even though I might have to wait next to day for my paycheck, at least that I was coming. Yeah, yeah, I actually wrote a revenue mail, but of course, I would never put that on. Right here. Okay. That's a lot of value. Sure. See if later. Now, they would not put it on here because it's something negative to it. And he does mind anything like that. In addition, which I'm sure this screening up to calls from Florida, they're, they've got to be. Oh, certainly people have been calling her all week long. Without the articles, we're in a hairless on Sentinel. They run a weekly reader. They were like, uh, everywhere. Maybe we don't have any answers in this term. Yeah, right. Right. Especially radio-yenthus. Man, we got him by the Zillion. The dammit doesn't. So, for whatever reason they're keeping it mighty low, but then come Monday when he doesn't show up on here. Oh, what happened? Well, he's not going to be on on Monday. Okay. It's going to be the hangover, really morning showing. And then this morning, that says, and they also, we put him on the list for how he's, are you crazy, tough? They have salads. Hey, Goldberg is not going to be eating salads. The man doesn't need to be eating in the morning, okay? Let him have some of that nice bacon, like I have. Some of that microwave bacon. He can pop it into microwave. Even though he doesn't, you know, cook it home. He can pop it in right there. He can borrow our microwave. How do you like that since we're nice, uh, generous guys? Just nuke it right in there, homper, and have a little bacon before you go on there. And something that won't raise your blood sugar. Or something that's not going to kill you. Because if you guys, but or just get the bacon from how he's there, you go, right? Of course. And don't let them give them like they did that one time. 700 strips of it like they gave them to me. I thought my insides were actually going to fall out. I mean, I always, I always lubricated like you, like even the finest running machine in the history of the world. There's never been a looped up like my insides were. Holy cow. That was unreal. You remember that day? I do. I mean, it's one thing to bring a guy. I love bacon. A little bit would be nice, a little rassure, whatever it is, a little rassure, whatever it is called. Why do they call it a rassure? I don't know. What are they close to certain amount? But they're very like in about 7,000 scripts of bacon. See, it's calling killing people with kindness. I've talked about that to Lumblu in the face. People don't give us like that brother. Used to bring into smarties at the hockey games. Every time she'd be there, big leaves fan. Every time I'd be at the, you know, to sit around there for the Panthers and leaves or whatever game she have it to show up at. Oh, I brought you all these smarties from Toronto. And I'd say to her, I'm diabetic. Please, oh, no, here take them. I know you love them. And of course, I would eat them being the, you know, addictive to sugar a person that I am. And by the time the first period started my like, my head was spinning. I thought that Frank, my howeverist was out there playing a, and then what the hell was going on? Curling people with kindness. Here's a fact that says, please see City of God that is my favorite for the year. City of God. Now it says for this year. But we'll see the year got out in last year. How do I know? Well put it around there, maybe it was or maybe won't be there. I mean, it's not scientific. Like I always say with these polls, these people, Well, that didn't come out until while you're like tough, uh, teeny, okay, tough, tiny. I do like hot, tiny though. Haven't had that in years. What's it a little hot, tiny? Mm-hmm. What tell these hot, tiny? It's not hot, chocolate. Er, it's like a nagging, nag family. It's kind of like a molten milk. Right. Then through that a million times too, man. It's like a white, right? Right. A molten milk. Oh, man. We're not a no church. That's what we need is a real soda shop of a soda jerk. They make really good ones over at the, uh, what you call it, starlight diners. Yeah, that kind of a place. But like, uh, like in a wall greens, you know, that, Was it all, yeah, sort of, like, like, the neighbors are one of those places where they stand there on the soda fountain, or the wallwarts? Yeah, that might have been it. And they had like the cherry coke out of the river fountain, you know, real fountain coke. That's a lot of an incredible rat. Egg creams, real cheese burgers that they cook on a grill fresh with like real meat, notice, patented, rubber that they got like a burger king. Good ice cream floats. Yeah. And that's probably why people were dying quite so much from lawyer clogged our degrees like they are now. They used to make things like fresh and delicious as opposed to not like everything is prefabricated for a shelf life, and it's made with like 85,000 chemicals. They're killing you, man. And then of course, you do realize, and probably don't realize. And advertising pharmaceutical prescription drugs on television or radio and candidates illegal as it ought to be. Right. They can advertise over the counter drugs, but advertising prescription drugs is illegal in this country. But in the USA, if you watch the CBS evening news, or any other damn program now, every other ad is written, lipitor and viox, but that was funny. I was talking about the decided with killing people. You name it. And of course, the Olympic member crowd, you know, Airbnb, other spot. In fact, sometimes they're like signed by each fact to back. You know how they got those piggyback 30 seconds? The back to back for pharmaceutical drugs. So they're thinking, continue killing you. And then after you start taking it for six months, you go to your doctor. Oh, that's not a really good. Give me a prescription for that. Oh, guess what? It's killing you. You're going to have a heart attack. Well, pretty sad. See, when a health of the public becomes nothing more than business, then you got a real serious problem. You follow what I'm saying? Follow my drift. What do you say? We solve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1,800 mattress. That's what I'm saying right now. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health, well, being in productivity than a good night's sleep. And you can get a great night's sleep tonight. Without sleeping pills, by the way, from dial to mattress, because if you have a great mattress, you sleep like a baby. So call 1,800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years older, you're not just sagging or lumpy bumpy cramp, then now's the time for a new one. And you can get a great deal from our friends at dial to mattress like always. To some seeded acily, cd, surd, a Simmons King Quill, temper peated concerns of the dentist foster too. Boy, I sure love the dentist foster. Wow. That is one of my very favorites. And also what's that other stuff? That's your messu. What's that other chocolate thing? How about the chocolate time do found at the end of the day? No, isn't it? Th amount of mattress takes 10 day orders all day long from Candleless to her from Palm Beach to Ford. Myers and I still like to pick that to her. I went over to Louis whenever it's convenient for you. When you're going to be there, I suppose to sit around killing a whole day praying and hoping somebody shows up. And dial on mattress there, proud of it. It'll be record on time 99.7% of the time, which is by dial on mattress 1, the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torture ward for excellence. I've been using them for years. Next time you need new mattress, you ought to be doing the same. Just pick up that phone one easy call, 1-800 mattress or log out of their website mattress.com. dial on mattress 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Your license is at new Roger's and school license. And the old man was at the sofa truck to miss a pool. Yeah, hi. Is this brainered? Yeah. Where far go was filmed? They just left. No, no, far go. Yeah. Is this where the movie Fargo was filmed? No, but this is brainered, right? Yes. Have you ever seen the movie Fargo? We're doing the boat Fargo. The movie Fargo. Do we didn't do so to anything? No, no, is your manager in? This is manager. Okay, there's a movie called Fargo that was filmed at your place. Okay, what time do you know? It's male to gray-hand line. Are you kidding me? Fargo. It's a movie. It was filmed at your hotel. I don't know what you're saying, sir. Okay, let me... Hey there. Yes. What's up? Yeah. They filmed the movie Fargo there. Yeah. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. The movie is large. I mean, the people stay here. They don't male here. The Fargo movies. No, no, no, no. The movie was filmed there. No, no, nothing is here. I want to put you through all one, check her! She was really good. It was always great. But she was this spectacular. And who do you have? I don't know. No, no, no, no. The movie was filmed there. No, no, nothing is here. I want to put you through all one, check her. She was really... I mean, he was good. She was always he's great. But she was this spectacular. And who do you have? Who does that? Who does that? Who does that? She's a practical yolo, though. Cohen brother movies, which are almost all good. Is she really? She was in raising Arizona and blood simple, for example. Well, blood simple. That's right. That was good. Yes. Raising Arizona and never saw him. It's good. That's a lie. You might know. Was that about Phoenix? River Phoenix or Arizona? No. Poenix? No. Erotic dancer fights Key West City Hall and wins. Let's say it for her. Key West. The city shut down Christie's sweet personal dances. Part of a crackdown on an adult entertainment in the island community generally known for its indulges is but she fought back. You go, girl. The city agreed to let her return to the business of offering one-on-one erotic dances and the city will pay $19,500 in legal cost after a federal drug indicated. It was inclined to rule for a sweet, said attorney Michael Berke represented the city. He said she was sweet. I thought she should never been forced to go through what she went through her attorney Richard Wilson said yesterday her business is legal. Wilson did not provide a telephone number for a sweet and there were no listings in Key West for her or her business. Sweet opener, storefront in July 2002 but was ordered a close in December 2003 as the city reworked its adult entertainment codes. A new version of Prove Lashula concentrates adult cabaret's knee, duval street tourist district. It's kind of ironic for the city of Key West to be considered about adult entertainment, a city which weeps a vast fortune from what can only be described as an annual event of debauchery Wilson said what do they think this is all about? He was referring to the Halloween season fantasy 5th gay, which culminates in a parade that usually includes participants wearing only body paint. Oh I can't wait to see, you know I can't even wait to see. Is body paint? Let me give you one too. Yeah, what might be something? Maybe some of it in body paint tomorrow. Yeah, like black and blue or is part of that, doll two colors. 560, the best movie of 2004, nobody's coming close to the fair night night level. I'll say that right now, not even in the same ballpark. There's nobody even on a horizon. Even old Jesus himself can't come close to Michael Moore. WCWM, hello. Yes sir. I forgot what I was going to tell you yesterday, but I remember today. Okay. Because you be doing your own younger fans at Grace Service. You can talk more about sex and drugs. Yeah. And I'm all four killing people of kindness as long as the kill is them. Thanks, my pleasure. Okay. Yeah, at least it was a good job. That's right. I'm going to kill people with kindness and get the job finished. Okay. Those are kind of like tees him along. That's a good idea. Good point. Shut up. I won't be talking about sex anymore because you live in America. And they are ways to get them and drugs. Well, George has got some good numbers for it. 560, 560, pound 560 and a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. So the people that talk about sex the most. They're saying this may take 10 to the 4 to 1. So we're getting to least. I don't know. Talking about it, this doesn't do it for me. I'd rather do it. You know, I don't know about you, but I would much rather do it than talk about it. Here are other people talk about it. It doesn't nothing for me. It doesn't titulate me. It doesn't excited me heard about other people's hanky, cranky. I don't care. I really don't care. And at least, but you start to all this tabloid crap about this one's diddling that one. Who cares? Why doesn't make any difference? You know, it's just like that whole day. That whole business. Oh, seriously, but what's so? Why do you care? How does that affect you? It's gossiping. Why are you sitting outside my house in plantation. It's weird clock in the morning. We're going about who's entering my home and who's leaving. And are you sitting there squeezing yourself while you're kind of doing up all sorts of wild hallucinations? I just don't get it. So what I heard? Well, WDQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy New Year to you and to you. Oh, back to you, sir. Thank you. Hey, I wanted to know. When did this change happen when sex became bad and violence became good? 1776. Oh, that's when it came into it. I actually went to happen in 1980 when Ronald Reagan was elected president and all the right wingers. The Jesus Christers took over America. Yeah. The God squad man, tomorrow the oral majority. When the this one, these people are crazy. You know, a no shmit. I tell you, you know, there's a trying to run people's lives instead of, you know, trying to run their own life. They want to get into our bedrooms and our personal life. And all of a sudden, is leave us alone. Leave us alone. Leave everybody else alone. Mind your own business. None of your business. And get lost. That's all. And they won't. Yeah, they're going to impose their will on everybody else. Exactly. Or they're going to make everybody move the Canada. That sounds like a winner to me, man. See the board. All right. Okay, so five six seven. That's true. I mean, what a difference. I mean, you can cross the border. It's like it's like on one side is the US and you like across a fence or whatever. And then now you're in Canada. It's like it's like you've crossed out another planet like you've taken a giant leap. Five hundred years ahead. Oh, legalizing gay marriage and legalizing the criminalizing pot. No, what do you pay in socialized medicine where everybody has, you know, health care. What are what a concept? And not have everybody running around with guns murdering each other. You know how many murders we had in the sea last year here. I think it was 61, which is still too many and they're all against about that. And you know, city of comparable size in the US is like four, five hundred and a year, three hundred and fifty and a really clean year. You know, see we're better at everything. Yeah, that's right. Just like Florida, man, whether it's sexually transmitted diseases, whether it's murders, you know, South Florida generally like and not only South Florida, about Tampa and West Palm, Jacksonville, usually Florida cities are right up there in the running. All of those horrible categories. Whatever it is. And then there's some people who have the audacity. Oh, this is paradise. Oh, yes. Paradise, I guess when you can't go any place else. Well, he didn't know he just gotten here. Yeah, and then I guess once he worked at QM, a few months he realized there was a living hell. How do you like that? That's why he was trying to make it a living hell for all the rest of us. See, I was thinking about that this morning, you know? I mean, somebody brought it up the other day, joking about Mad Dog and him doing the games together and about some comment that he made about how great it was working with the Mad Dog and and man, it's just just pretending to be here. It just moved on to some other comment. When you work with, within a group of people, not just in one place, in a number of places, and every single one of them hates you like poison. And maybe that's why he finally flipped his lid. You know what I'm saying? Maybe finally, but he ditched the musk rat. And then I stopped the stuff he stuff with the checkered pants and all that. You know, putting on the pretenses and picking them, digdle berries. Yeah, maybe that's the reason. Mal, I guess it was a little bit too late, much too late. But it went for me. In other words, if I worked in that environment and everybody in a building hated me like poison, which I'm not the kind of person as you know that cares about what other people think. But if everybody hated me with like a passion, I'd have to say, well, gee, I must be doing something wrong. I must be really bad guy. I must like need some social skills, something, right? It's everybody else. No, no, no, no, it's just you run out of that excuse after a while. After the, after the 7,000th person that you work with finally, I hate you like poison, turns out you like a rat. I like that one too. You've got to say, I must need to be a little more humble or human, a little something less cranky and obnoxious and a full of crap. You know, let's, let's can tanker us. Isn't that a good word for him? Can tanker us? Absolutely. Yeah, that's him. Although, like I told him that day before vacation, and I was being honest, and kind of a sick, uh, massacistic way, we miss him. I'm listening. Oh, good. Hope you had a wonderful new year. Well, at least they, uh, decent new year. Not wonderful. I don't think he couldn't have a wonderful new year. Why not? He's got a wonderful family who all love him. 1226-560-WQM, it's time to talk about acceptance, and we can't have a mortgage in everyone's main main, Anthony Kelly Endo. Whether you're buying a new house or just refinancing, whether you're going to get cash out or just paying down that debt, acceptance, capital mortgage will surely the way to get it done. And everybody wants to get done. Acceptance capital specializes in any situation. No get it done when others can. How to present financing, option arms, new construction loans, and vestorant commercial properties. Check out acceptance, capital stress fee mortgage payment program. Pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month, with a pick-up pay program. No income verification is even necessary. And your credit score doesn't determine you're a fool like all the programs because at acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people. In most cases you can pull out cash, pay off all your debts, and still pay less we are mortgage payment every month. So call Anthony Kelly Endo at acceptance capital today, get some cash in your pocket, find out why Anthony is everybody's main man. That's acceptance capital mortgage, call him today toll free, one, triple eight, four eight, three loan. That's one eight eight eight four eight three L-O-A-N. That's exclusively on 560, M-A-N. Let's go. I saw a player with a Louisville scorer in his hand. Kitten the baseball into the upper deck. Lashin could reach the wall and track. And now we're wondering what the hit. There you are, the steroids in baseball. There you are, the huge steroids in baseball. There you are, the huge, when I saw Gary Cheffield looking pretty new. Doing some steroids in baseball. When I saw Jason Gianni can't believe his name. Must be the steroids in baseball. I saw very far-seeking at the Boko Lab score face. His ball-roms would jack in. There you are. Hey, our new attorney general, Desiwine Alberto, how's the him and his Gonzalez got quite a chuckle when he thought he thought that that the Geneva convention was being held in Geneva, New York. He's a moron man, he's dangerous. He's dangerous. He's a lunatic. He's another crazy person. He's another disciple of the Cheney. Did you say evil already? Yes, he's an evil duer. I think George had a good point on that. George W., I think we need to get rid of the evil duers. Let's have an impeachment trial right now. Oh, see this is the thing that the world can understand. At the time the man should have been impeached. He was busy getting re-elected. I just don't get it. There's just something wrong there. I mean, Bubba, he's going through an impeachment because a little B.J., which is supposed to be a couple of those. And at the meantime, here's what I'm saying. Thousands of people get killed and a bogus war based on a pack of lies. And the media, oh yeah, that dinner they had that night, the whatever the hell they called that media dinner in Washington, D.C., where they all the national press club dinner. Remember that? Yep. That's in the movie. That's in Ferenheit. And he's joking about, oh, where are those weapons? I'm under here. I'm under there. I wonder what the parents all did kids over there in a racco thing about that. Very funny, Mr. President. What I want to not see, what a lunatic and what an incompetent media man like I told you before many, many times. There's only one person who makes any sense to me. It's Tammy Faye. The media is sick and it's not dad. I think freaking Carlos has a point there. And I hate to say that because he's disgusting. Mooring dad, right? Don't torture yourself. That's his job. The associated press headline that came over the bar yesterday. Said it all, Gonzalez will follow non-tourature policies. You know how bad the situation is when the president's choice for attorney general has to formally pledge not to support torture anymore. Alberto Gonzalez may have been willing to legally justify something that was important to everything America stands for, but it's all relative. Given the Mr. Gonzalez is replacing the odious John Ashcroft, Democrats didn't seem inclined to try to be real to Hispanic nominee. Even though his memo forced the fostered the atmosphere that led to disgusting scandals in Abu Ghara, Rab and Gitmo. Just to get things started on the right foot though, Mr. Gonzalez planned to go the extra mile and offered the quaint obsolete Senate Democrats a more nuanced explanation of why he called these Geneva conventions quaint and obsolete. Before we out present in Bush circumvent the accord, the reserve of the right to do so in this or future conflicts, you had a tune into an old movie with Nazi generals or yet con guards. If you wanted to see someone snorlingly shrug off the international treaty, protecting prisoners from abuse. You worthless running dog truck Norris. What do we care about your so-called Geneva conventions? How are you to believe Mr. Gonzalez when he says he's through with torture? His mission is clearly to do whatever he thinks Mr. Bush wants. After Gawl, that's called GA LL and this column, all Gawl is divided into parts of what's next. The Congress Department nominee, promising that giveaways to big business will be done with salty. The Environmental Protection Agency nominee, promising that the toxin content and water will never rise to use tank or level. It's comforting to start the new year in the hands of a party that cure so much about morals and values. Time delay in oily house Republicans in aggravated their new term by gutting ethics rules, Earth in case any of them get caught in whatever misconduct they're plotting. Rummy continued on his oblivious, dissembling path, refusing to admit that he's tapped out the army and broke in the army reserved with what Lieutenant General James Helmoy, the frustrated chief of army reserve calls, dysfunctional policies. We've gotten so in them on Iraq that when 80 American soldiers and over 80 Iraqi police officers had killed, when the governor of Baghdad gets assassinated, and when our puppets plead with Mr. Bush to delay the elections, it all seems like just another week of pre-election maneuvering. In the L.A. Times, we learned that Bush-Fay of Supreme Court Justice, Terrence Token Thomas, has accepted tens of thousands of dollars worth of gifts in joining the high court, including $1,200 worth of tires, valuable historical items, and a $5,000 personal check to help pay a relative's education expenses. A guy we pain nearly 200 grand a year can't pop for his own tires, whatever happened to the dignity of the robe. At least we know where our possible future chief test stands for on the side of personal corruption. He also took a free trip aboard a private tent to the exclusive Bohemian Grove Club in northern California, arranged by wealthy Texas Real Estate Investor, who helped run an advocacy group that filed recently Supreme Court the paper said. The L.A. Times reviewed the disclosures of all nine judges, just for the years ninety-two-two-two-thousand-three, and found that Thomas accepted forty-two-thousand-two-thousand gifts making him the top recipient. Next in that period was Justice San Rene O'Connor, who accepted almost six-thousand and gifts, mostly small-christamine, crystal figurines and other items. Terrence Thomas follows Antony Scali as lead on the law, while also not on ethics. Justice Scali defended taking his relatives on a ride on Air Force two de Louisiana with the chained to go duck hunting, even though the VP hadn't important case before the court by saying that it would have been a considerable inconvenience to fly commercial. Going through a blistering confirmation ring where his inappropriate behavior was questioned and teach clearance Thomas much, can we hope for anything better for Mr. Gonzalez after he's waved through to be man and charge of enforcing our laws? Of's your Biden was given him the what for, but you know, it's just a dog and pony show. Right? We all know exactly what's going to happen. Just like we should know, it was going to happen with a fixed election, for example. Ohio's Republican Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell, you're a love-distory man, so like you like pissed off and fired up. Kenneth Blackwell, both that are helping deliver Ohio from President Bush that he was truly pleased with Mount Bush of 101 Ohio, even before all of the state's votes have been counted in his own fundraising letter. The letter which was received by a Butler County Reson December 31 is a pleaded support Blackwell's campaign for governor. The resident who gave it is asked to remain anonymous. He likes to stay alive. In a pair of this regard for his nonpartisan role as Ohio's chief election official, the Republican Secretary of Chairman of Bush's Ohio election campaign, slammed John Kerry as a disaster who would have reaped terrible and horrible results on both Ohio and the US. A further Blackwell's use of the word deliver finds striking residents with another controversial fundraising letter sent by the CEO of voting machine manufacturer, if you're di balled, walled and owed del in the summer of 2003 when he said he was committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the president next year. Blackwell's campaign office confirmed that they sent a letter but offered no further comment. Without your enthusiasm, generous support and vote, I'm afraid to present what a lost Blackwell wrote, and an unapologetic liberal Democrat named John Kerry would have won. Thankfully, he adds, you and I stopped that disaster from happening. Blackwell also noted that he was truly pleased to announce President Bush's electoral Ohio, even before all the votes have been counted. He adds that he declared the victory on his own personal belief. But is this child like Captain Harris or what? Or Glendaine or Hood? In the late hours of election night, I was truly pleased when I was present Bush upon a critical and printing victory here in Ohio, on the belief that it was statistically improbable for Senator Kerry to recover the Secretary of Penn. Even in the wake of a house judiciary committee investigation by Democrats in the voting irregularities in Ohio, Blackwell goes as far as the salinity was proud to prevent voting fraud. Mirri had published reports of noted that Blackwell went out of his way to keep voters from voting, at one point insisting that voter registration cards be accepted only on a paper of a certain weight. I have never shot away from giving the liberal states he remarked in the letter, and I'm sure that with all the voter fraud we prevented during the last election, that we look into it even with me in my next political campaign. Representative John Conner's a Michigan report on voting irregularities will blast Blackwell for his transparent partisanship, raw story, which is the website that the Zons have been given in the copies of that report. Many of you strongly suspected that the inexplicable that arbitrary decisions are Secretary of Blackwell stem from partisan political motivations Conner's staff report declared this suspicion apparently is voted by Secretary of Blackwell himself and recently sent fundraising letter. Conner's a poor shower score on Blackwell for his public announcing Bush's victory. Such a blatant statement of nowging the co-mingling of his official duty when sure a fair election with his partisan duty to re-elect president Bush made an apolitical fundraising appeal evidence of Secretary of Blackwell's poor judgment of best and the manipulation of election administration for partisan purposes and worst the report asserts. And the public is sitting mad. But like that, isn't that what they're doing? Something like that. They got important fish to fry, baby. Yeah. They got some talk, baby. This is that starts so completely deaf in this room. Hey, there we go. My name is Lance from Eugene Thomas, Fentibus. He's nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people who's at dead in fake distal. I smoke a little marijuana when I was in college. And it wasn't as if I'd have been joined. Yeah, maybe sing our sagnar and normally up. Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. And I got a bunch of... That's doing this quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight. When I start reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There we go. I've been talking. And I don't get to the east. And I don't get to the west. And I don't get why I look up. Send the deal, can I? Yes. I've been talking. That's a bad one. Oh, speaking of the God squad, Columbia South Carolina distressed thanks to him. Thanks to Evercent this. Former Darling Tinnon South Carolina Church Youth Minister in his wife have been arrested and connection with a sexual abuse case. Richard Johnson 34 was arrested yesterday and charged with committing a Lude Act on a minor. His wife Natalie Johnson 27, which charged with contributing to the Delinquency of a minor. He arrest them from an incident involving. Then 13 year old girl who was member of Trinity United Methodist Church in Darlingland and it accompanied a couple of two immortal beach on a vacation November 2001. Richard Johnson had worked as youth minister at the church for five years until he resigned this October, citing personal reasons. This has been a tragic event. It's especially in those most directly affected said the river and Timothy Rogers passed your affinity and identity church. We have great confidence in our legal system and our prayers go out to those involves. All right, always extending our prayers in our things to those involved. Right? Existending our thing. Freysan, you just won't get over it, man. All the fairy tales of it. There's that we are so lives on the soil. And of course in heaven, you're going to be for eternity. Praising God. Oh God, you're good. God. God. Somebody wants to be our God squad. That's what they're going to be doing. Just praising God. Praise the Lord. El Paso on that baby. I'd rather be burned and done than that roast and fired on there. At least we're going to have some pretty good time. We can barbecue some corn there too. Corn there. Especially I heard on there. 1240 what it five sixty WQAM if you're less than fifty thousand dollars last year like Poor Josh Cortis there was working for like nickels and pennies and dimes. Can't even afford any good dope. If you answer resist and it's time for a career change. Pick up the photo called Fast Train Tool free at one eight six six fast train. Fast train can have you trained ready for that new high pan career and is a little As four short months. Fast train offers high demand high pay career training. If you love computers ever thought of becoming a computer and never for a Fessional now is the time to get out of your rut and get a real job. Make some cash. I calling fast train at one eight six six fast train. The demand for computer professionals is in an all time high right now as I speak. Fast train can have you trained ready for that new career and is a little as four short months. Fast train's got locations all over town. So no matter where you live in South Florida, there's about everyone convenient nearby you. They're in Kendall Miami, Pembro Pies and Fort Lauderdale. Fast train offers job placement and financial aid for people who qualify. They're evening a weekend classes are forming right now. So if you want to make a move and get your life going on a right track call fast train today. Call one eight six six fast train and be sure to tell me that Todd Dreck thought you'd Call. I'm going to do this to me. Please, Timmy. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. Fuck. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. Why are you crying so loud about rolling to your face? I stopped it. I'm the most afraid girl. The most afraid girl. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. My I'm gonna get there, man I'm gonna make the fun and fun to let that end Go, wait until the Lord dead, or get you If you're joy so good, please appoint him You're so lame, don't you know Down to the five of the stone I'm just like a lily, never win Right and go, and we'll be in this plan We'll be in this part of the way to vote for the people Guys, we'll be in this plan Let's go, let's go, let's make this plan Oh, Jack, fuck, what a sick, good night It's the old mad dog at two of the humpers from the Windham Crystal Palace in Bahamas, 477 We got hurt, who in hotline at seven, the big, oh Who is rock solid, 20 years, 8 to 10, any chaos in a flood I'm gonna wrong day, I'm sorry Like I said, hurricane warma follows 9 to 630 See, the week is going by so fast as we approach Monday, very rapidly Hey, we're approaching Monday, rapidly, guys, better get in this schedule Better for you out, who's gonna be on the air Now, wouldn't you think that by tomorrow? I'm sorry, am I really saying this? Wait, no, wouldn't you think by tomorrow we'd have a schedule We'd like make an announcement, we'd have like a press release Like look at Norma Ken, he sends out a press release about my resigning Reupping redoing, and all of a sudden it's everywhere I get there on some publicity, if we publicity This station knows nothing about publicity, all I know about is Greg Collin, very Jack ass That's the extent that they're publicity, you know The little brown bagger at the herald, who's probably sitting on mommy's knee right now Getting spoon fed along, probably yogurt, yogurt and peanut butter and jelly sandwich You and at the journey take basketball seven night, any k follows that That's the correct schedule for today And of course when you're a QA, I mean, we're never sure if you had the correct schedule But it would just seem to me that it would probably be a real good idea, guys Tam luck as scheduled for Monday come out tomorrow You know, I'm probably being sarnished, column would be in very Jack ass when you think No, we'd like to know, just for the hell of it WCQA, I'm hello Hey Mr. Bill, yes sir I got a question, um, the Democratic Party right now, why in somebody's right line with anybody Vote Democratic, a bunch of finalists went, who can't defend anything I mean, we're upnated, it hasn't had a chance in hell But we see has the goal to speak as mine And what does that, what do you speak as mine about? What did you say the same North Heart Crappies been saying for 30 years? Well, you remember on the Wolf Blitz or when he said we got to get that bush regime out of there Yeah, and I blitz it, try to correct him up I mean, I've never even heard quaint into a gore I mean, thousands of votes were stolen And the Democratic Party, who is back in right now You're trying to convince me that the Democrats are a bunch of finalists went You're preaching the choir, but we absolutely have been saying that for a long time Since before Jesus was an infant, I've been saying that That's true, so why would anybody want to support the Democratic? A miracle like... Well, you see, you've got to have a buffer man, you've got to keep the fascist out That was the whole thing, and I blame them You're just like they did the previous time, two times in a row, a disaster There are the masters of disaster Yeah, I love you so we love George, man Okay, thank you, Kelly, he says he'll see you in that around 730 When you can have 48 years of prosperity like we did under Bubba When you can have a nation relatively at peace, I mean we had a thing in Bosnia where we were in Coast of a week or a bunch of people, but never to lie to them a few bombs on Iraq But everything is relatively a copacetic And you can wind up losing an election after that After telling everybody it's the economy stupid and everything was going so well And we had unprecedented all those new jobs America was humming right along and of course, Al Gore and Julee women And I'm still the only person in America that's going to take it to the truth That's why that ticket didn't have a Chinaman's chance Even though they want to pop it about in the deep south You put an Orthodox Jew on it, especially a whiny, phonetical Orthodox Jew like Julee women whose pathetic and vested embarrassment to the human race and worse What chance any of those mugwams in the south could have owed for him? Can you see the people in Tennessee vote for Julee women? Please, and I realize that people don't vote first for a vice president But nevertheless, when you put somebody like that, his presence is there And we don't pat in that his can, yeah, that's right, his time, his time You know what I'm saying? Go back to Connecticut, alright, go put your rubber your sisters together Go grab your pace on your your lobes or whatever Get out of our face, you crazy person you Well, I know that Tom words is a very honorable person He wouldn't ever get out of here, go away Talk about in fact he's the poster child for whiny and wimpy And they made him the vice presidential candidate for years ago, five whatever it was There he is, the poster child for whining, wimping, equivocating, piece of turn Who by the way is on the bad wagon for the war to wreck, thinks it's a great idea Good, got all mighty, that's a democratic party This collar is right, the both parties suck, I've been telling you that for a long time I'm not here telling you all the Democrats are great, they blow And the proof that is they blew two big elections, two times in a row We couldn't afford to luxury, we haven't incompetent a party like that We were on the right track, thanks to the internet man Thanks to the internet, we were definitely on the right track I'm on an honesty rail, it's okay, over like a phonyed up video tape Of you know, with the audio, all stonyed up to make it seem like Power being was a loose cannon, he was a crazy person, he was your axe When fact it matter, his audience tried to do a scream over the crowd If you heard a real audio, we were sitting by the show for about a week or 10 days later And then ABC apologized, it was really kind of like taking it out of context Because you couldn't hear the crowd noise, it was a directional microphone So what you heard was that, but of course that was after all the damage It was done and everybody's thinking, oh, this is a crazy person Yeah, we could keep it in our boat for him And as Carl wrote said later on, when all the smoke cleared, that was the guy we were really scared of That's how we're Dean, because he wasn't an old political hack like John Kerry He wasn't an old walk-in insider like Dick Gibhard He wasn't one of those old hacks, he was a guy with a pair of balls man Who told it like it was? Who had the balls to go on a national TV, a network TV that after Tom Rage's Election geared terror warning, yellow alert, whatever it was, pink alert, orange alert And go on and say this was all politics man, it's all based on crap And then they have, and guess who it was, they put on immediately following that By the way speaking to the devil, to the bunk that he just said, Jewelie vermin, all right, no time range, it's a very honorable man And he would never do anything like that for political prayer Where I blow it out your ass, Jewelie vermin, you make me embarrassed Every weakness, stick a halava, you've phony veloni Man, it's here my kishki's ad, although I do like kishki Ooh, it's crazy guy, oh, it's what a great one That's stuff will tear your guts out 1252 at 560, WQM is from Incoheritive, I know idea You know what I'm talking about that makes several of us, okay? And that's the way I like it, you just wait, you ain't heard nothing yet That I re-uped on here and I'm gonna know who's barged Joyce, I'm letting it all hang out right out there on the window Wait till you're this, by the way speaking to let it all hang out Okay, in decency provisions that died last year Could be making a return as soon as represent a different up in Chairman of the House of Health and Communications subcommittee I say they'll put a new bill back on the table The Michigan Republican plans to re-induited as a bill out in the FCC To do loud in decency fines for stations and performers According to broadcast in cable up to his new submission rule submission rule 1, boost the maximum in decency fine from 32 to $500,000 for incident for stations and individuals. So in other words, if Stearn played 10 Farts at 500,000 a piece that's 5 million right there, you can do that in like in 6 seconds. 2, require a license replication hearing after 3 violations and 3, put a 180 day shot clock for FCC actions on a complaint and forstract the current provision that individual set of for indecency can get a warning but not a fine for the first defense. Kansas Republican Senator, the anxious, the right way and the lunatic Sam Brownback is also expected to submit a new version of this in decency related to the suit. This is what you're dealing with under the current Nazi climate in America. That's why Howard Stern is going to serious. That's why we can't play Farts sounds. That's why sex like that other call or Cibi forward that punk who called in, sex is verboteman. We can't even say the P word of the V word or you think about it on the show. If we even think about anything, it's like a cube cover that might look like a sexual thing like a phallic or the shape of the Santa Florida, George is going to be like on a hotline on the bat line in two seconds. I do like that. Stick in her nose and our ass. It's good things for any of them anymore. I'm saying what do you say? If she found a spot she might get nervous. Oh, the spot we were talking about before. I said she had spots up the year. The wind's ran was there. It's what I said. I just touched it. And we understand where they came from too. Believe you me. Wow. I wonder speaking of the devil. What our friend, Troy. Thanks about that. Probably should've told him first. Up before. Probably worth that party. Where's she? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5 or 60. Don't have to say anything. It's just a rhetorical question. You were there. I wonder what the hell really went on. I mean, what did I want to go in detail? I don't want to like to be. Well, she's not there anymore. So we can say whatever hell we want. I don't want to be. You're the insubordination gets suspended. By the way, we're going to be taking a pull of them on the first hour. Who will fill in for Hank on his first suspension when he goes to do morning shows? Femity QA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy New Year to you, Neil. I'm a senior officer. To you and the whole crew there. You have who is well. Okay. I'm happy. My wife and I would talk about something today and not. That's probably the biggest speaking man. That's a good sign. Well, you know, she only knows one thing. She doesn't. She not only knows not one thing, not the kitchen. If you know what I mean. You talk about Henning Youngman. We were just curious. This gets overlooked. When do you think the statue of limitations runs out as far as saying to your neighbours? To your friends? Your co-workers? Happy New Year. I'll hang up and listen. Love you. Okay. Thanks. The statue of limitations. That's right. You're the statue of liberty. Right. I think what he's trying to say is one, one's a good time. I think right now is a good idea. Right. Thank you very much for your committed a very serious and important human service there. I think January 6th, I'd profit these six PM as a sensational time to say. Okay. It's like the people I've were calling him December, which may have been birthday. I'm sorry. My birthday is on November the 5th. I'm not that I'm a great old bastard all the way. Actually I am. But it's just the idea that it doesn't mean anything anymore. It loses the significance. Plus you don't have to wish me happy birthday when you get to be my age. It's not a happy birthday. Believe you me. Every birthday is one giant leaf closer to the box. It's not like a happy occasion. You should look at it as an accomplishment. No. What does that mean? It still tells our dying and that your skin is rotting. Your hands. You look at your hands like you. And you start to get like like your skin is starting to get flabby and loose. Think of all the course you're out there. I hope it gets dropping out of where your knees used to be. Red you white died at 43. That's how best news I've heard. Okay. Big hit of the nasty rotten lunatic with his scambles soup man. That'll tell you. I'm telling you kids out there to beat him too much in that scambles soup. Or you're fatally just like Reggie. I've heard of the Lord's smitten him man. He's smote him. He smitten him. Because he was full of sm- a smit. Slow to the if you got him. That's right. The Lord let him have it. Baby full barrels. That's why he didn't wake up. He said I'm so sick of therapy. You're part of the getting in my name. And spewing nothing but hatred and intolerance and stupidity ignorance. And sitting there reading pouring over to Bible on all his crap written by Ignorantist's 5000 years ago who didn't know they're asked for my elbow. Forgive me to ball. Give me to ball. See that's what we're supposed to admire him for. He's a football player. Well, who gives a flying crap about that huh? Just like Pat Tillman. I mean, you know, also he died here. Oh, and said when so on. And he could have continued to play in football. He wanted to, you know, defend his country and I can't even stand wherever they Send him. But the fact that he matters there a lot of other faceless people. A word football players who are just as brave. Maybe a braver and they died too. We don't hear a damn thing about them. Except every night on the CBS even news for about 10 seconds. One day, and where they're sure is a picture of another guy who's dead now. Or woman who's dead now because of your butcher the butcher of the sea. They keep talking about the butcher a bag that forget about him. We got the butcher of the sea. Well, you better calm me down a little bit. Well, I can't pour water on you from here. Just a little bit. Come there. No. If you decided to start the new year off right and trim down with add-kins or south-bature, sugar vusters or any low carbs here for you died, then hint for it. Need a lights a West Boca. Even TV's biggest way loses your following a low carb diet and their weight loss is absolutely. Oh, great. Right, incredible. For years, the lights just help thousands of low carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals. The lights a West Boca is your low carb one stop shot for the right supplements and the best selection and the best tasting low carb foods, which of course is most important to be able to keep you on a straight and narrow path. Stop it and sample any of their over 1,200 low carb products like their new chocolate dip cheesecake on a stick. Well, that sounds really good. And their famous carbolite soft-survice cream. The staff at the lights knows low carb dieting inside and out the open every day till 10 in the PM and don't forget, and if you like stay off for you, their guaranteed lowest price policy on all, atkins. Carbolite and pure delight products. All of these things are just correct. The lights of West Boca guarantees they will not be under solely a fight on the northeast corner of the country. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. You've got to make sure your light are on the road. The light is on the right. The lights are on the right. The light is on the right. The lights are on the right. You want to see the light but your lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on the right. The lights are on that right. The lights are on the right. You want to be our truth! The light is on the right. The lights are on the left. GetOn The lights are on the right. What are you going to do? The lights aren't on the right. Just gonna get me off the hook, man. Barretta, back on TV. All day every day on every cable you channel. Dead's dead, man. You got that, and it's all come back again. Yeah, I said never 15, run on him as NBC. Can it, Roster? So, don't watch Barretta 24 hours a day. Keep your TV on and keep your eye on the sparrow. That's a name of that tune. Right, Fred? Ah! You go, shut up, bird brain. I'm thinking, don't whack you, too. On all 365, 60, WQM, she had to come and you ride the bitch and I come and let's say, move on with other important stuff. Right, slutta, go. Okay, here's the deal on the pool. What do you think was the best movie of 2004? We really haven't added much to that. And that's what we got along with. 434 votes. Plus nobody's been catch fair and I love it. It's got 180 ad votes. It's got almost half of votes on a whole pool. Pasta, the crisis tied with Shrek 2 for second, and of course, they're both fantasy movies. 33, both fairy tales. Spider-Man 227, team America's 22. I heard that's got a lot of a young naked puppets in it. He has a dozen. Meet the fuckers, 19, or is that focus? The incredible 17, Kilville, Vyne, 2016, the born supremacy 14 with a wide mouth mat to born Dylan. Garden State 10, sideways nine, the eternal sunshine of a spotless mind, eight, collateral seven, Harold and Kumar go to my castle six. You said I would like that? No, I did. Oh, Polar spuer, I was a drug movie. Right. That's four, $1,000, baby four. Before sunset still only got three. Oh, poor Ethan Hawken, what's your name? Closer of three, collateral two, lemony snickets a series of unfortunate events to the aviators only got a small pair of Carolyn. This crowd don't like Leo to cap me. Okay, we don't want any part of him. We don't want to smell him. We want to know him. We don't want to even see him ever again. Leo. Kinsey two, dog bills got one writing tries. He's got one. And how's the flag dagger is has one? You can answer more if you want to sour or not. Is the case maybe whatever you like. We are easy on a show. Let's see. Neil, can you get C span? They're counting electoral votes. Boxer was consisting. We know that. We talked about that two hours ago for a chrono. Two and a half hours ago. That Barbara Boxer was signing the resolution and that to not certify the election results in Ohio. We know that, sir. Thank you very much, Fred. Also, see Tucker Carlson. I hope you're not faxing me that because I know that Tucker Carlson is getting asked by CNN he's all done. And we're trying to get it. It's toast as well, which is probably a great thing. And I'm sure John Stewart is very pleased about it as well. Thank God. Right. What's wrong? No back end. Do they get it beyond death for a while? How's Valerie Plain do you? How we know. Never hear another word about that again. Nope. All of the scandals, man. Those secret energy meetings and run. Valerie Plain. Joseph Wilson. All of these things, man. All of these things. Just this skate right on by. Talk about the Teflon presidency. It's the Teflon. And not season is what it is. Even Hogan's heroes will be amused at this. Or through Dawson and Wells was on his show. Bob Crain. Of course. Bob Crain. He's still dead by the way. He's still doing all of the... Warner Climper. Right. Warner Climper. I think he's in a new cabinet, isn't he? You're on the same thing. You're on the same thing. You're on the same thing. I'm sorry. Wait a minute. WCWM. Welcome. Welcome. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. So, you've got a few things. I guess congratulations on your contract extension. Well, why do you say that so reservedly? So, uh... Hey, how do you say that? We've had the rest of the nation is missing your great work. Not bad. Yeah, I'm going to make a big difference, man. No, no, no, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. So, okay. So, you and Norman don't have to go through Trump through hoops. That happened? Well, I mean, they approached me. They approached us already a couple of months ago. So, they're still could be more discussion with that, right? And, um, it's good that Farberg, she always had a pair, but she put him out on the table. You bet. Right on, Neil? That's a lot, pal. Later. They saw the pride. What's he sort of pressed about? Just like that last show before vacation when all this, oh, and of course the one was definitely a set up call about Don Buckleall and O'You're to do this and get that. You go run your own life, okay? The serious, what a wanted to be serious if they want to live up to their name and make a deal. They didn't have to make it all headed to a say, well, you know, as soon as we get there, like, yeah, what we'll do this, they didn't say that. They didn't even put a tentative anything out there. It's like, well, you know, we'll talk again. Well, that's right. We'll talk again. Fine. Whatever you say. Jeremy. They don't seem real serious to me. And who knows if it's going to fly or not? I'm not interested in being like Marco Polo with this advanced age. Don't you understand? I want, I'm very happy with my life right now. I'm looking out there with the snow. It's nice and toasty and warm in here. When it shows over to a clock, I'm going to go out and get to miss these turtle ice cream with the new little turtles in it. You got a half a gallon of good. Gonna do some more plunging. No, not today after that episode. Listen, I'm going to tell you something, man. It's like, no, it's like somebody goes to the track every day. A gambler. If you keep pushing your luck and going to much you and guarantee you're going to lose. Right? Since I've come since I came back after vacation, I've been very, very lucky. And I'm not going to continue pressing my luck. I have a limited schedule. In addition to which, if you saw the roads and what it's like here right now, this would not be a good day to be happy and a cabin venturing out. You follow what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. It's a good day to go and get like a big tub. And in just your size tub, ice cream, or maybe buy a nice CD or rent a movie at HMV. And then that's it. Lock yourself in the rest of the day. Speak on diets. When they're just talking about that, any ice cream? Yep. I do like ice cream. Can't eat, oh. If I had an arrow with candy, I could live without it. If I never had, not that I don't like it. Like a crunchy, you know, with that honeycomb, that was something about it. But if I never had that again, I could survive it. But ice cream, man, I've assessed. And I think I have like lactose intolerance. I think, you know, because I don't drink milk. Milk is bad for you, by the way. Other animals don't drink other animals milk. Man is the only animal on a face of the globe that drinks the milk of another animal. So if you like milk, drink a human milk. Wow, we don't get it then. Too late. Only one and four people can stick to a diet for a four year aesthetic comparing a hernst to weight loss program said, yeah, Tuesday. See, this is another one of those very profound studies. Everybody's doing studies. And of course, I would be surprised if a lot of these are government subsidized and we're paying our tax money for these stupid ass studies. In the study, four groups of 40 overweight or obese fat slabs, each were assigned to one or four weight loss programs. The Actons low carb diet, the Ornish vegetarian, the weight watchers plan, or those zone. You know, Dr. Barry Sears, no relation to gene J or Brian Sears, participants were enrolled in two month classes to help them and then were on their own. We found that all four diets worked well for weight loss and heart disease risk factor reduction, but only in the people who could follow their diet closely for a year said study author Dr. Michael Dancing, who are of tough swimming with medical center in Boston. And I take about Boston and bring them to ice cream. Oh, God is that. Wow. Man. Three and four participants quit their diet before the year was out. See, there I go with that ice cream again. I'm obsessed. I'm an ice cream addict, I admit it. I need some help. Forget about the gambling thing. I don't need to go there. If I want to stop tomorrow, no problem. I can't live without it. But ice cream I can't live without. Like Snickers ice cream. It's not very good. You know, the one thing I've discovered is the ice cream is like with the candy flavors. Like M&M have you ever seen M&M ice cream? I think I've seen it. I don't think I've had it yet. And what is somebody at home? Carmelo. They're not good. Well, the Heathbar crunch is good. It's got to be good. It's got to be good. Like Ben and Jerry's remember the top. Oh, yeah. But that's Ben and Jerry's. There is no bad Ben and Jerry's flavor. 7th and Ella. But I'll tell you the coffee, coffee crunch. That is. That should be illegal. They're making drugs illegal. Coffee coffee crunch is so addictive that there's nothing in the world that even a heroin isn't in the same league with it. And anybody who thinks I'm making that up, you're crazy. Sugar is addictive. It's the number one. It's the number one killer of fat and the stroke and heart attack. There is no question I might about. I don't care what anybody else tells you about fat, dietary fat. You're full of crap. Okay. You're full of fat. Overall, successful diet. There's also an average of 5% of their body weight. A roughly 10 to 20 pounds after one year. And one in 10 diet is lost than more than the 10% of the weight of the 25 pounds. Dancing or writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association said no single diet work for everyone, especially low carb diets like acnes that are involved. You know, it's interesting one day they said, oh, the low carb diets are out. And then the next day they're back in, why would they be out? You see, low carb diets don't work if you're reading ice cream in between. You know, it's like the beast when he was doing balance for life, but he was also reading his regular food in addition to it. So he thought it was like not in place of your other food, but like an addition to it. So he got like, like, orange on like four of those monster burgers and stuff like that. And six orders of fries and underrace. And then he would like have a six double orders of Boba Gnuch. What a pig he is. You know, that's disgusting. I mean, I'm a pig, but not in that league. He's just he's nauseating. And then of course, Zack that used to be with us, it's with Joe Rose over there with the other place right now. Zack's a good guy, but another pig. Am I right? Well, no, he is. He's a pig. They would bring in food from how he's there in the morning. He would eat like the food for four people before the other people even saw that was there. She didn't just just make sure they didn't get it. Good guy. Listen, you can be a good guy. So be a pig. Just ask down. Delaware. So tell you, to find the diet that's best for you says this bogus, latest piece of crap. Try dating the diets as if looking for a lifelong partner. You may kiss a few frogs along the way. Oh, God. Especially if you go to Montreal, you might kiss a few frogs. But once you find the one you can live with wherever stand by your plan. Oh, can't you? That's wrong right now. Tell me one at stand. Buy your pancakes here at? Hey, Tammy. How are you doing, honey? And she did. She loves me. My name is Bobby. I've come to music, man. That is just the report came on the heels of another study published Monday and the angles of the internal medicine that concluded no one really knows. Ha ha ha. This is great. We finally, we finally got the answer that a lot of us have been searching for all as fact, Desperado. Do you want to hear it? OK. The angles of internal medicine study concludes that no one really knows which diets work and which ones are a wasted time would have possible a set of weight watches with had scientific research to back into birth. Nobody knows the couple we've seen. Oh, you like that. That's something. That's something. That's the first time the medical profession being a little bit honest. You're seeing great love and ruckus. The rest of it is facts. The murder was 2AM. How young is 2 young? She ran for governor. But couldn't win an election that even pushed the pigs. So what's Janet Reno doing now? Well, come to the China preno fools fall on her hands. It's much more than time passed on and dusty old machines in the back of the ballroom. These are state-of-the-art regulations science, police ball feeding table, both of them are serious of food ball fans holding their skills. Try out for a food ball super bowl where youth and challenge current champions are the art form and Michael J. Fog. Oh, that's good. We're going to have to have a good time. And don't relax in our dining room. With nourishment provided by shaking pizza and steak and steak. Top your meal off with a free-me-shape of wood. Your children will be immune by the broken animatron puppet of Don Shula. I'm upset, so they love me. Let's have more brave step, more speed. Let's have more brave, served from them, please. You just can't have enough. The art will be wired to perfect stormboat where I can stand perfectly still. Or try or lock it my shaking-back cup off in paint-wixing competition. You can see this old bell is being teaped and busy. The reno fools that are paid. Per reservations call now. 1,800 thick bandite. That's 1,800 thick bandite. 1,17 at 5,60, W, Q, A, and police are checking suspicious devices to routes city hall. I tend to the worst one to get some witty freak out as a backpack. And I otherwise would have a evolutionary of somebody forgets and leaves a backpack lay in behind like you know the school or somewhere. The police and fire rescue were called to route city hall around 11,20 this morning because of a bomb threat. A official set of small device with some wires visible was founded to building an 80s Vierna Northwest 53. That's on a hill website. And nobody tells you if I'm sure that our crack UM news department. I keep you abreast of that situation all day long right? Right. I still can't get over the fact that when we started working on this, I just can't believe it. Even seven years later, and it became time for news at the top of the hour. And we were doing our sports after updates. That was our idea of the news. I think the kid called in, we were in the middle of the discussion about saving the world from itself and the kid calls in. Oh, Wanky's got a break and thought Wanky's got a broken up member there? No. Well of course, now you wouldn't know Chris Wanky from, I'll be let me say that anymore. Now we can't say Wanky. Oh, sorry, Joyce. Sorry, Chris, What a broken foot. Like we care about that stupid crap. Okay, grow up already. We get a freaking get a life. I have no life. I'm silly. Juvenile Jackass. God. And our strike in suspect held by the US and Guantanamo Bay has a lived he was tortured by water and electrodes during interrogation Egypt. Egyptian board, Mamdu Habib, a Sydney father of four is one of two austregans held by the US father in his capture in Pakistan in 2002. The austregan broadcasting corporate set of obtained previously sealed court documents detailing how he explained the torture while a custody in Egypt before his move to Cuba. According to the papers, Habib alleges that captives killed his room with water until resisted over his chin, forcing him to stand on tiptoe for hours. Habib also alleges he was suspended from hooks on the wall of this cell with his feet resting on large drum into which an electric current flowed from mirrors apparently attached to a battery. If he did not give the answer to his captives water, they threw a switch and an adult of electricity would run through the drum, forcing him to dance on it. Habib alleges that documents were in the ABC. The times were made to his lawyer several weeks ago, mitts of suggestions that US authorities were considering returning him to Egypt. Yeah, if you stick you've seen torture and not just wait. Habib is one of fifteen detainees considered eligible by the US government to face trial by a military commission. His case along with that afell austreganity, teeny, David Hicks, has been a castle of an austregia as the conservative government has done little depressed the US to return either to us where you're for trial. Prime Minister John Howard's been one of US President George W. Bush's stalks his allies in the war against terror and the invasion ever rack. Well, what does that say? The baffers' Aussies, huh? It's probably a brith thing, you know, the brith said, oh yeah, well, we'll join you because if we got naked pictures of Tony Blair and a Billy goat and Prince Charles's the pivot man. And so why is it resolved with that? The Aussies will do whatever the brith's want. Yeah, they're still under their thumb. Just like in Canada, we still got the queen on the twenty dollar bill. What's that all about, eh? Get the queen off of there. Cut the umbilical cord for Christ's sakes. And when they went there, what did she call it when she is that speech every year? It was like a couple of weeks ago. I don't know. There's some stupid ass speech on the yummy and the state of the empire, you know, about Los Melvinas, whatever's left. And they, they can't say carried it on TV here. I want to see that silly old, pretty bitch with her little tiny purse and it was planned dresses. My gosh, you're like, oh, Howard David it on a bad day. Good. God Almighty. I wish ever going to grow out all the ever outgrow that silly. I mean, there are countries that have, you know, royalty is thicker. His leg Holland has got that and like Denmark, I think. It's just, it's just for fun. It's pomp and circumcised. But the brith's just kid, they cannot escape from that crack. You know? They just, and the tabloids obsessed with William Didislund and Harry. Dude, who cares? Who gives a crack? You know, most of our bunch of flaming fags anyway. So who cares? Five, six, seven, five, six. You know, it's good a few more movies on this list. I feel like we probably sold some of short. Don't you? We're busted. There must have been thousands of great movies in 2004. I was in the medium. Just a couple. Pound five, 60, and a rise in singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. Hi. Yes sir. George George, you're a gem. Oh, Neil. Hi. My nephew wants to join you. I mean, didn't you guys have on your website something showing pictures of the soldiers that were, you know, heard? They wounded? Yeah. We did. Can you, where can I find that? I want to show it to them. Do a search. Yeah, do a search. But I don't know what I put in there. Wounded to the raven soldiers. Wounded to American soldiers. It doesn't have to be on our website. I'm sure that all over the net you'll find plenty of grotesque pictures that you can then see. Is it your nephew you said? All right. If you dropped out of college, you want to join you. I mean, I want him to see reality. Exactly. Wake him up before they bring him home in a box pal. All right. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. I did like a few minutes. Okay. Okay. I did like that. Want to join the army. Maybe you saw a side off. What do you think? Maybe you stupid. That's why I dropped out of college. That's exactly it. Oh, no. You want to serve as country. Well, if you want to serve your country, do something productive. Okay, which is not going to a rack to get yourself killed. And to kill a people who do that. And to kill a bunch of people like that. I do anything to us. Okay. Kill a bunch of people and just, you know, while live their lives. And work quite frankly doing all that bad. We're doing a hell of a lot better before we went in there. March of last year. We're going to work your in a hole. We're going to pull it up. Somehow. Huh? They weren't blowing up before. No, that's right. They were still alive, which is more than we can say for thousands of years. Since the late 1800s, this is an objection by Congresswoman Stephanie Tubbs Jones, of Ohio and Senator Barbara Boxer. It's about me. There's a public law that indicates in the event of an objection, which has to be provided, submitted at the time the ballot from the particular state in question is open, both sides of the House and Senate will retire to their separate chambers debate the issue of the objection for up to two hours. Then presumably dispose of it and come back and continue with the counting. This, of course, is something both Bugs and, I'm sorry, Boxer and Stephanie Tubbs Jones say, is simply a protest to try to draw attention to question when other rallying the electronic sign on the House. The election is at an unblocked question raised, particularly by House Judiciary, ranking member John Coniors, who's raised. You watch on about the number of ballot machines that were available, the exceptionally long lines for voting in Ohio as well as some rulings by the Secretary of State related to the election in Ohio, all of which Democrats say raised questions about the vote in that state. No one I've heard yet and so far has suggested they think the president Bush did not, in fact, win Ohio by a fairly substantially some of the little hundred thousand votes. Nonetheless, they want to raise attention to this. They're also doing this in part because of four years ago, there are a number of House members, particularly members of the Congressional Black Caucus who wanted someone on the Senate side to raise the objection so this issue could be debated. They were not able to find a single senator who would do that partly because Al Gore as senators not to do it. That also was an issue where a number of media really, a lot of people said, under reported the story. All of this of course came out in the movie, fair and height 911. There you go. It just happens to be your favorite movie in 2004, overwhelming. What on I said, wait. Thank you so much. Two hundred and five votes, 41% plus a dis audience since their favorite movie. They said the best movie of last year. And that was my vote. George of course he voted for to be very. Five six, five six, the pound five, sixty on a Verizon singular wireless lines. This crap about all but no question that he wanted by a right. Nobody questions anyone in front of him. He stole it for his greatest. I gave it last time. That's why all his exit polls should have loosened the election and Ohio and floored to two hour added. Glenda in the hood and Theresa. How are you? Pretty good. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? Why are you? Why are you so that he's making run into promocer today? You would today be the one that promised that he's going to be there. Yeah. I'm sure that after tomorrow after 10 o'clock tomorrow. I'm not sure that either because no one away this place operates. Probably we run a hard student from us for two weeks. Yeah, they probably will. But you better understand what you're listening to man. This is us. I understand. I love you. Good luck, Palette. Competences us. That's our middle name. I mean, we run promocer for ball games that were played six months ago. And it's just the way we do it. Okay. Who cares? Just give us the frickin' money. For listening to a real Roger. I'm gonna have to listen to a car on 566-T for QAM. Hey, tell me. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. 566-T. I'm tired, Bagham! Hey, boy, day is. Four news of replay incidents. Two curry tests. Everything kidneys you can cure. Two tehell察. Two new couples. I think a shit will sue me if you do it. Take my money on my back. It's an injustice with your parents. But a poet's is with your father. Detach their engagement with the small world. You can't be so happy, but you can't be happy, but you can't be happy, but you can't be happy, but you can't be so sincere, and you can't be so selfish, but you should be telling me, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so and you can't be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you will be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be so selfish, you should be mental tired, just make your own problems, just like the real you think. I need to take a this word to I need to take a this word to I need to take a this word to I need to take a this word to I need to take a this word to I need to take a this word to I need to take a this word to I guess you created a little extra work which is fine because I mean holds a business to come in I'm very far to hold a not to Because these both I've played in both of the Jesus Lane and Sunni related which are two my favorite Book of Brian bits for last 800 years and they both sound distorted now We're seated not sound before they sound a better before Or than play the original I told them don't do anything Well what do you mean play the original is I replaced them in theerson I have to re-replace them there which has been Take me at least four five minutes work see you're making me work real hard for my money I'm never saying anything again I don't know what the problem was there were great You didn't hear the sound I mean the sound is a little hot on some of those and some of the The lyrics were hard to understand the first time through and you know Brian in In case you don't know Brian he had a nervous breakdown when we caught him even though I beg them not to What did rum spell know says the little voices net and the Handoff the president says that defense secretary Tom or rum spell Rule were made in office and on December 19 Bush is chief of staff and regard union seven ABC news this week that secretary Ramesh Hold is doing a spectacular job and the president has great confidence in him However on December 9th Senator Jeff Bingerman, a member of New Mexico wrote rum spell To express his deep concern over issues related to the Tainees being held in Iraq Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay Cuba Reason reports indicate that only were detainees mishandled and interrogated in the mentoring consistently Geneva conventions but that subsequent internal reports of the super doven suppressed While the abuse of the Tainees is unacceptable under any circumstance Reported to the suppressive evidence regarding abuse are extremely disturbing He wrote please inform me of the actions you intend to take as of this writing There's been no response for two years in this column as well as from human rights groups And depressed especially reporting of Dana Preeth and Washington Post. There's been mounting evidence of torture A prisoner's by American forces including ghost prisoners and secrecy i interrogation centers These reports include stories of extreme interrogation techniques used by special special operation forces Navy seals, Delta Force etc. I'll be directed to Donald Ramesh Hold and his closest associates in the defense department Ramesh Hold is long-incredged the use of special operation forces But now, with a release by the ACLU of actual government documents not intended for the public to see The presence confronted with irrefutable evidence of continued violations of not only the nineteen Forty-nine Geneva conventions and UN convention against torture but also our own torture Our torture statute prohibiting such practices As for these suppression of evidence there is this December 8th report of New York Sun By paisley does of the AP on the documents released by the ACLU U.S. Special Forces accused of using prisoners in Iraq monitored an email message As sent by trouble defense personnel in the field in order to not to talk to anyone in America about what they saw U.S. Navy documents released by the ACLU included interviews with maybe personnel about routine Abuse of humanity, Tainee's, Bayoues and Marines in Iraq In one interview a Navy medical officer described the regular process About which Iraqis classified as enemy prisoners of war would be taken to an empty swimming pool Hancock, leg cuff and have a burlite bag placed over their head It would then remain a kneeling position for up to 24 hours waiting interrogation Despite this description they navy medical officer stated Then he never saw any instances of physical abuse toward the 1810s And from Merchants, Serenna, on the December 15th, LA Times Marines at Iraq conducted mock executions of juvenile prisoners last year Burdened in tortured of the detainees with electoral shocks and war in the Navy corpsmen They would kill him if he treated any Iraq injured Iraqis That was one of these stories based on documents released by the ACLU Through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit that would do in bi-fossitions for human rights Veterans for common sense veterans for peace and a Center for Constitutional Rights The latter organization is compiled a massively documented and Diet-Mid-of-Domberrumsfeld, former CIA director George Ten, other US officials and military personnel For war crimes perpetuated against Iraq detainees at Abu Ghara, the charges have been filed at the German Federal Prosecutor's Office at the Carl's Rule Court in Carl's Rule Germany, run to the document of Universal Jewish Diction suspected war criminals Maybe prosecuted irrespective of where they're located After the photograph of the repelant, Abu Ghara, Abuse is recirculated In the world, the president attributed those atrocities to a few bad apples in the lower ranks of the military One of those bad apples is Lindi England, your girlfriend, the soldier smiling Pond to the generals of prisoner ad Abu Ghara, and holding a naked prisoner by a leash She could face a prison term of up to 38 years, but how long will Donald Rumsfeld and other Auguste officially defense departments along with administration lawyers who provided Contorted permission to these crimes of order accountability How many members of Congress will join Senator Jeff Vigaman in his attempt to open defense and justice departments to the rule of American law? Will we hear from New York Senator Schuwer and Clinton who have been silent on the Question of torture or will a judgement on Rumsfeld that all be made only in Germany? Will the president speak about an FBI agents account released by the ACLU at December 20th of interrogations at Guantanamo, which detainees were shackled Hand and put an eight-feetle position on the floor and kept in that position 18 to 24 hours at a time until most had urinated or defecated on themselves Flexnath had off in the village voice And of course a lot of Americans are saying, well that's all right So the evil though is whatever it takes, whatever it takes, safety safety safety Right, and then what we're concerned about that's our little abar with safety safety safety safety Those heritage shouldn't have attacked us. I hope she chokes on her much of a bra How do you like that? I hope she gets a much of all stuck deep in her throat and gags on it Safety safety safety I wonder people can't stand barbers price sand, you know, or the nanny? How's that pull coming speaker of the nanny? I like the guy that was called before but suggesting the things we haven't been at long time Right by now the audience forgot about it. Don't you think that's a good idea? It's a great idea Now that we got to my two CVS working so well What do you think was the best movie of 2004? They're not that crazy about this pull I mean there's a whole lot of other ones we could put on there, but they won't give any hosts coming I've got 150 of them from the Six to annual film critics pull here in the village voice, but my father put them all on there Making a lot of work for a Josh, right? Yeah, make them call 519 votes. I think we'll put the whole list on it just because you said it. Fair and had 911 to 18, passion of the Christ 39. Wow, stretch 237, spider man 2 34 All the sequels all the time meet the fuckers 27. How about fucker 2? That's coming. I'd say the American 23 got some real hot puppets killed Bill volume 2, see 22 all the 2's all the time The incredible they have bet the two horse okay, just go bet the two or somewhere I don't know where but bet the two the incredible's 20 born supremacy 19 sideways 12 garden state 10 a Turnle sunshine of the spotless mine nine and after this I care pretty bird downhill how about Before sunset still we got three it's not our audience is kind of movie, you know It's like syrupy roll man. It's just not their kind of movie. They like more intellectual stuff like trek 2 Right WQAM hello money con WQAM hello QAM hello QAM hello. No, yes, sir. Hey, are you doing anybody okay, paly welcome back and have you new year I? Is this Mr. Deadline for happy new years about about now and half but to let you Oh, we listen Michael more to Santa given being he's who I'm probably being American as old as you like him Hey, man, all right. Thank you paly. He's the one guy my or man. Okay, then see you all right Him and you right that's the one person we admire Michael more we like Howard Dean a lot too He's right in a man man. It's his breaks my heart. Oh, but just I heard huh John Stuart's getting we like John Stuart a lot That's right who else do we like it's about it? It's a Barbara boxer Ted Kennedy right that's fine gold rest fine gold a Joe Biden And my was like really ripping into a Alberto Jose him and his Gonzalez this one. It was great I'm a man ass. He was just saw right down between the cheeks. It was a beautiful thing man It was just like Washington Fargo man that would chopper Yeah, back in style was didn't look too cheaper when he finished with a question Hey, we're going to see Tony in a mountain I just picked up my 92 call from your life and it is on two turt in the back seat You're stirred yes, and there's one vaccine a tower a safer A big and human turn in the back seat of my call man I assure you our guys did not take it dump in your car if you want to bring that car back We'll take a look at it. You know you want to take a look at it My car is fine. It's that big and turned into vaccine. Okay. What would you like me to do? I said okay, I thought I'm going to you'll have a picture of local you'll count about it Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here get this turn out my vaccine That's not gonna happen Wait a minute, is that going to happen? You can bring the car here when you take a look at it I am. I'll bring it back there. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take a dump in every last call you got there I'm gonna peel your counter. I'm gonna do it all. Okay. You how it feels? I don't know what you feel. I can be girl in the minute. Probably came out your way Oh, yeah, I don't make it happen to go and I'm thinking of dumping the car I'll see you way about 400 pounds. That's my turn. Yeah, that came up from 400 pounds. That's just a 400 pound man Man, either that or gorilla I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office and I'm gonna let the whole world see you I'm gonna be on a new this evening buddy. I'm gonna get seven of my son You want me on the news? Can you describe this? This is just I mean, what's all this funny? You know what it is? It came out your ass I tell you the work on us. Anthony will call it. I say what it smells Unbounded. That's what it smells like. It smells like you stole your ass at the devil That is what it tastes like. Hey Well, how many is it? How long is it? It's not as long in my arm I don't think it's that why you're this in my butt I got a damn too much for it. I'm not back to you. You're I think this actually gives a racial stick to That's what you're doing Little kids are running away from it How much I'll find is funny I'm so good. I want to see a private for the fear we'll see you All right How long does it look like in Santa? Steve is coming off of it. Okay? Steve. Steve was coming off of? Yes. Do you have a gift? I don't even care who I was. I am taking this It's a fresh turn. Okay. What you need to do You need to bring that turn back and we'll match it up. We have a lineup. We'll match it up with the With the other turns that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a PORS. We're saying I can write the survey. No, you know what? That's a sample. No, I've got an Like you. I'm gonna keep it as a fat. Well, keep it. So that's a nice look. You know what? Is a nice conversation P. Okay. Okay. Thank you. All right. That's a good one. Nice conversation. Pizza one 145 or speaker that nice. Thanks from Bobby Bobby. Yeah, we're good. Well, he says something about do-do. Well, no, he says don't send his stand. It was just an excuse. For example, we'll just use this in the Excuse to put the F word on our folder. What the F do we know? You can put the whole F word because it's actually this title the movie. You're familiar with that. We'll be what the F do we know? Never heard of it. No. Oh, well, here's the review of it. Just use the whole F word in there. There's the excuse for putting the F word on a folder. We always need some excuse. Someone must have read Sophie's world aside in the movie about quantum physics as a plight of life of an emotionally troubled woman would appeal to a similar ticket buying demographic. Hence, it will be what the F do we know which might just as well have been entitled a man whose world are still better better living to weird science. The story of Amanda Marley Matlin, a bummed out deaf photographer sharing her apartment where they sonny pig tailed friend Elaine Henry's is in-wobin with commentary from physicists, theologians, psychiatrists and physicians are very specialties and Ramtha, a spirit who's being chained through a medium, blonde hair, bright red power fraustute, Stentorian speaking style, showed the rest since belongs to the ethereal being too, in order to bestow his galactic wisdom to reignorate earthlings. The movie is promoted as being about the mysteries of quantum physics and a post-visual effect designed to give his graphic representations of the true nature of matter, electron clouds running around hardnotted little kernels of information, single photons, appearing to be in two places at one time, and perhaps too readily available can see that our universe may be in fact a giant holodec, blue grid lines, instantly recognizable, any started for track fantasies, holodec grids, wavering congeal like holy nimbus's or rather man, she confronts various possible alternatives to work, and it goes on and it says like he's soothing to make sure that what you're soothing out there, what they have do we know right, that descriptions got me dizzy, huh? Yeah. Oh, well breaching back, okay, really, this guy's a little very, very says, thank god we're finally getting the real truth about all the diets out there, I've been on every one of them, the only thing that got later was my wallet. Two years ago, I finally got why it had lepros, why has had lepros coffee very extra surgery the bypass? No staples, no bands, but a new stomach rate is skillfully through small, surgical incisions, or I love the way Burris spells incisions. I'm now a 155 pounds lighter, I've never felt better, I have a new lease on life. Yes, surgery is a serious step, but so is losing weight. A very little help on a spilling couldn't hurt, okay? If you want the real results, this is the way to go, losing weight requires real choices. What choice do you want to make signed very in Boka? I like that. Do you think this is for real? Is your, that ties us for very before? We have sure, very very, we never saw all the people down with Warren Bitty and the brand of the world before we got killed. Well, I sure like Brandon the world of man. Not in that movie when it was like five years old, was that movie? Shane Shane, yeah, you know all fall down with Carl Maldon was in it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line. Pulled it a which you think was the best movie of 2004. The result of the pull turns out to be kind of a dead because 399 level one by so far with this crowd. It's not even a contest. It's got 230 votes. And the next next after that is patched at the price with 40. So our crowd likes they like Michael more. I have a lot better in Jesus. I'll tell you that. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how? FCC game. FFCC game. The country over where the tsunami hit. PHU. Okay, great. Yeah. Yeah. This is interesting how the pronunciation of that. Yeah, I've been saying it, brother. Hold on. Now it's PooCat. Okay. Right. Because in the beginning, they were saying a little bit too close to what you know what. So it's PooCat. They're not even sounded a PH to me as usually. But now it's PooCat. I don't know. Anyway, WQAM. Hello. QAM. This line sounds really dead to me. QAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you bring back the election again. Talking about the process and everything. Or they. I remember watching the election then. I remember watching the news and it was like they were quoting the exit polls. Oh, it looks good for our carry. And my five o'clock five o'clock. Some of the posters were declaring that the bank's zombie. Judds I'd be declared carry the winner. 5 pm. I printed that out. And it's like the official numbers come in. And they didn't even say anything about the exit polls. They were like they were just pretending it's ever after the last one. I never know. That would be like if you bought a lot of we took it. Right. And you swatched a lot of results on TV that night and you checked them in the paper and you had all winning numbers. And you went to a commission to cash in and they gave you a set of different numbers. You said yeah, but these are the numbers yet. I don't know. Those are the right numbers. And they were like the motion administration. I mean, they were like quiet and then the carries were like are you are you Um, are you going to celebrate? They said, oh, we're just you know, we're going to wait and see how it goes. And yeah. And the numbers are totally offices like a Ohio and Florida, but the batch is still a little bit correct. Well, listen if they still have practice based perfect, you know what they say man. They know if you're job in 2000 and even better job this time. Yeah, but no one talks about that. How do they change? They talking about news from five hours and then after work, they don't even talk about it anymore. There you go. Okay. I'm saying that man. Come on. That was real media. That must be it. Okay. Hey, Kelly. Well, the good news is that the Tucker Carlson is stupid as both eyes. They're gone. So it's cross by. No more Bob. No back in the show to say cross by. I like that. He's an idiot man. He is such an old right wing troll and a liar to him. And when they first invaded Iraq, he was vociferously opposed to it. But because they had to do that dog and pony show the left against them. Like all the Sydney starts sucking up to that. We're on the air. You know, you're all over the place. Your phony is an eighty seven dollar bill and you ought to be on death row by the way, Bobby. Roger, you can. You're so Big. You wanted more and you got it. The mask all gets back. Singing for two weeks on the Magic Seed. Are you two? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Old number eight. It's back pairing off with the grapes. Singing for tickets. With even more six stars. The match on does it more. Baby, everything alright. I'm done. It's all gone. I'm done. Oh, right. I'm done. I'm done. You made me a car. I'm done. You made me a car. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. Oh, right. I'm done. I'm done. It's an all new British invasion. With a mad dog. Singing like a man. I like it. I like it. I can't imagine. And through this finally out that humanity was truly the fifth people. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. You are the same child as me. I'm done. I'm done. Here's the mess of Andrew Hutt-Hintrybeau who we can. You're the one who we miss. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. The mad dog was just a little ambivalent and he asked him if he wanted me to do it again. Not to me. I don't think so. So we had looked at Ratsyman's little business and tell him either his brains or his signature would wide up on their contract. That's kind of a fistless cue. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. And it's six. I'm done. Oh, right. And it's six. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. Exactly. You know, that one is overmodulated and bizarrely mixed and distorted. And that's what makes it so good. Don't ever do that one again, baldy. That's that's what the meeting continues is a bad particular bit anyway Maddoe will be along until we're flying to a more for you just got you hearing Oh right and also hopefully Educating this is to what else gonna have it on Monday since tomorrow is unless I'm mistaken Let me take a look at the tomorrow's Friday, January number 7. That's what it says here on my schedule And we don't have any scheduled for next week because the powers that PBR busy Concacting, you know plotting and planning and whatever they're putting together Wouldn't be like I said wouldn't be nice tomorrow to have some ideas so we can tell the audience hey Monday morning at five we got you know we don't hate Monday morning at seven we think we're pretty sure Right we have a man dog day afternoon for December. We know starting Monday. We're on every day tended to the full four hours Steering goes by by on this station and whatever But other than that we're like two to four not I still say it's gonna be default He's been sniffing around man for anything to get back in the door and sniffing and sniffing can you smell it? I smell something Peter Mercy now CNN was hyperventilating about this yet this morning It's not really a major story, but because Stern has his last show on the station tomorrow Peter Mercy and analysts from open high wearing companies suggested that's open high Mer it's existed that's open high Mer it's existed that Viacom might let Howard Stern head out the door to serious satellite radio Before his contract inspires and exchange for a stake in the snapcaster They want to stake Ruth Chris and Toronto by the way is outstanding he gives Viacom a stake in a technology that Ed Byers are using as a stalking horse against broadcast radio and it brings a fast growing investment in the full Mercy was quoted by CBS market watch and finnities C-O-O that's see oh Joel Hollander is said they didn't want let's turn out of his contract as the company stands to fill in Significant ad revenue from a show during its last year, but but this Stock for Stern trade might be the key to end of the sake of morning show on terrestrial radio There it is again say every way like terrestrial radio now I'll put tell this whole thing started with series and I said did we ever hear the term terrestrial radio ever before we didn't know No, I mean even even like once no Now it's a terrestrial radio as opposed to satellite with all the other fast man everybody's got some change I mean that it buzzwords everybody's busy programming you see repeat a whole pile of a Schmidt Let's take a look at that poll one more time I like I said it's kind of like a little bit of a downer because I knew fair and I and level would probably win would do very well But I never dreamed like you know a massive runaway did you know I didn't 555 votes what do you think was the best movie of 2004 Fahrenheit 911 235 Passed out a Christ 43 they love Michael more their look warm about Jesus Trek 237 spider man 237 meet the Fockers 28 till bill two of I've had him 225 and team America where they're yet and then puppets 25