Nice job there on a hockey game. You'll hear him a little bit last night. Oh you enjoyed it? Not too bad. He's uh, you're gonna be alright. Okay. You have a little ways to go, but he's doing a fine job. I don't know, little bit. Some people have said, but- Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. You know, I don't want to mention no names. Does he do hockey too? No. I mean, don't you remember his line hockey sucks? So what would be his complaint with goalie doing well at it? That's not important that you succeed, but that everybody else around you fails. There's no other thing. In fact, when the book comes out Friday, that would be in the foremost in our minds. Yeah, that's true. That's true. It's important that we do well. It's important that the other guys, whoever the other guys happen to be, the other guys do juror, whoever they are that they have a big, oh, right. Like no numbers. And they won't. Hey, to break the news, you Joe, I don't want you to throw that furniture around again, but it's gonna be really a rough Friday over there across the street. You're very confident about that. Oh, I guarantee. I bet you'd raise life on it. Okay. Where'd you take that bet? I give you like one to nine in the morning line. I assure I am. I don't play one to nine shots. No, of course, who the hell does? I've seen more of those go down the tube. Don't start with that racing stuff now. No? No. By the way, we've been better off here a little bit guilty with the hockey game last night. Two on one developing proof-up comes in right side in front of the net shot. Yeah. Two on one and he got proof-up. It's first up to season. It's more nothing richer. He's going to be a bad game though. I mean, they looked really horrible last night, but yeah, those things happened. And then Joe knew a night guy injured, so Gary Roberts' out, knew a night gazette, not too good. They've been messing around with the line. They've been, I guess, changing centers. Yeah. Don't start hockey talk now. You started it. Well, I take it back pretending to hear it. Let's talk about the white socks. I got a call yesterday from some guy who says, well, I'm really upset because America doesn't really give the white socks there. And I said to him, and I said, nobody cares about the white socks. That's why they call them the pale hose. And it's the truth. Nobody cares. It's a franchise that, and I'm old enough, like me in a hundred years old. I can remember 1959 Paul Richards was a manager. And they wouldn't have been a mercenary. I can't even remember that. Yep. But the hoop, nobody cared that. Nobody cares. I remember Louis F. Mauricio. I'd be interested to see Billy Billy Pierce. But you're interested to see what kind of rally you get. See him. What kind of numbers they get in the world series? You know, ratings that people will watch. I would think probably like right about what the jol's going to get in Friday. Oh, point. Oh, he was going to number. Oh, I watched the baseball game last night. It was a hell of a game. Oh, it was a great game. It was a game. The name cardinals came back in one of just one work. They were on the edge of the world. I was running. He hit Neil. Yeah. That's what it was this morning. Not good. That ball screamed. Yeah. But any of them are there saying, well, they should have walked them. They should have walked them. We don't put the winning run on base. No, no, no. What he shouldn't have done was throwing them a hanging slide. Right. Well, it slipped. You know, it's one of those things. It's just kind of slipped. Yep. But it was good baseball. I enjoyed it. Well, I'm glad. That's good. The price was right. Yep. From the catch. You're not. You're still sitting there with an empty refrigerator. Yeah, sure. Oh, boy. I have some. Why do you do that? I have beverages in there. Yeah. I would think so. Yeah. But you got to have, if you got a lot of beverages, you have to have some food to wash down with the beverages. Like what? Like what? Yeah. Why don't we have some cold cuts, some cheese? I used to have cheese. Like a giraffe for a while. I had a little like the ant. Some mushing cullo would be good. Oh, yeah. I like that. Oh, boy. With raisins in it. In fact, it tastes good when it's cold, too. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely right. Yeah. You're cooking the casserole. It's the first part when it's hot. And then just put it back in the fridge cover with tin foil and open it up and cut a few square like like actually it's like a Jewish lasagna. It was completely because of what it is. That's right. We're only with raisins in it. Yep. It's delicious. I'd say one thing. There's nothing like that. The Italians in the Jews man. They know their food. Make no mistake about it. This is the truth. All these other pretenders out there. They're French and all the way. A lot of food in the house. I'd be eating well the time. Yeah, that's true. Like I said, keep that fridge bare. Keep it bare. Yeah. Now you're right because if you got something good in there, I mean that's my story. Yeah. I don't have any ice cream in the freezer because when I buy it, I eat it. It's gone. Maybe I had to stock up and kiss that hurricane comes here. Yeah. I'm so bad you mentioned that. Will must come in. I don't know about Fred Flintstone, but will must come in here. Yeah. This weekend Saturday afternoon or Saturday night. And I saw a North Cross going crazy last night. Yeah. Well, see if it's hysterical. Yeah. She's hysterical. Just like in network. Yeah. I guess God decided that New Orleans already had enough punishment. And he figured, well, let's give it. Let's give another good whack to South Florida. He's pretty peeled with your fan asked governor stalling on that slot deal. He's pretty pissed off of her. Oh, man. I had a good time today. I don't know if you'd like. Mike Mayo. Didn't see that. Oh, you should get it. He's got to be already had his good time. He wrote another one about the slots. Yeah. Yeah. And about the governor. And if the governor wants to have what a hypocrite is. And if he wants to repeal, he's been trying to get a whole little governor. And he had to send it to talk to him about repealing the lottery. Mm-hmm. If he's so against gambling, why doesn't he want to feel the lottery when he under his term, the lottery money has increased from two of his family. He's been in the great, but he's a whole new issue. How about this? No, for us. So, you know, the spokesman's comment to him was, well, the lottery is not exactly gambling. Oh, yeah. So, big is the biggest sucker back going. Absolutely. Take it for me, because I didn't win a lot of L.O.A. Guy and British Columbia won the Saturday night when a 22 million. I've never played the lottery. And here they write you a check. There's no annuity. There's no taxes on it. They write you a check for the full amount. They say have a nice day and how's it going? That's it. You walk away with a cash lump with a big lump. You know, you can get a lump, but it's on your, That's right. That reminds me. I was in Norway one time and I was on a bus tour. You were Norway. Yeah. Years ago. A lot of people. Beautiful country. Yeah. And I was actually, and no, I was in Denmark. It was in Denmark. I'm like, wait a minute. Yeah. And I was on a bus tour. We were going out to Hamlet's Castle. And on the way, they were talking about their lifestyle. And they talked about how over there, and the tour guy said, We have a socialized medicine here. Right. Although we call it civilized medicine. Uh-huh. And it's like here. Just like Canada. Yeah. That's why social medicine here. Yeah. Right. And I think the idea that they write you a check is very civilized. Yeah. This annuity stuff is the bigger. Well, even you can take, uh, you can take a lump sum, within about half of what you're expecting to get, or if you live, Well, what if you're 85 resorting, going to take it over the next 20 years. And then annuity, right. And then a break, okay. But the public, nice and man. I just, for the life of me, I can't figure it out. They just, uh, they're, they're massacres. They love your fat ass governor. And it's whole phony baloney is dysfunctional family. The drunks and the, uh, co-co-coces, uh, snorders. The whole dealer. There's just something there. I don't know what it is. Maybe he's perfect for Florida. Maybe he's what, he's the epitome of what sort is all about. Could be all a booth. Well, I'm not, no, there's not much going on. We're just kind of like, uh, biting our time until Friday to let big book comes out. Not that we care about our numbers. We just hope that the other guy gets a big deal. Oh, yeah. I don't, you know, you're laughing, but you're right. He's so right. You know, it's true. Back when the fan was on the air. Oh, gee, they're going to like do this. And then, of course, when they had, like, when they hit a minus in front of their number, when they owed points, because nobody could even find them on the dial. When they had more testies to strata in June, very in that crew of losers on here. And, uh, all of a sudden they vanished. Then it was on the Fox, uh, 940. And they said, well, your buddy, Stubgots and the cast of losers. Oh, well, what are we going to do? They got that 50,000 watts right there in the middle of that. And they did the same thing. They had the big, nothing. Oh, nothing. And the same is going to, and you know, it's going to be true because two of these last three months over there across the street. They like, oh, points. Almost every number they got begins with a, yeah. So what are they going to do in the last month of it? Nothing. September. Although they do have a couple of dolphin games. And they're going to say this is my mic. I get that weekend number up over a one. I'm not too sure. But, and of course, now that the dolphins are shown their true colors, the last couple of days, it's not like you're going to see people jumping off that then, right? And like it's on fire. Yeah, I don't think they're going to get better any time soon. You know, although Ricky had an impressive debut coming back. That was good. Like you're doing. And throughout look pretty nice. Much of my show today giving reasons why they should trade Ricky to fill it off you. Immediately. Well, they'd have to because they shouldn't have informed. Well, they got some good weed and fill is what I'm here. That's what George told me. They also desperately need a running back. They got good cheese steaks and good weed. I don't know about the weed. Yeah. But the cheese steaks are good. Fury, how old are you, man? Good price. That's true. And by talking about, Cherry Hill and Jordan state sure. That was my first straight track. Well, I'd tell you it's amazing to me to crap that I remember Ponzios. That's an English for it. It's like a glorified Denny's before it's a really good place. Great restaurant and I'm Cherry Hill. Ponzios. Just keep that in mind. I don't want to be going back here. Next time we're driven from Tilly to Atlantic City. Yeah. Well, I would go back to Atlantic City if it gave me 10 grand a gamble with. I would never go back there. Actually, the last time I drove anywhere from Tilly, it was to Delaware. You know, because I had to do a show at Delaware Park. Really? Yeah. That's a slots at all the tracks during Delaware. That's a very fascinating thing. And what's the other one? Whatever it is. We've got these huge persons because they have the slots. Exactly. Delaware is making money. Delaware is fun. It's like a county fair. Always need to put their playing the slots. And you have them racing in some nice place. Kind of like woodbomb. People losing their ass and just laughing and having a great time. Yeah, exactly. Who's in their ass? Well, listen on that note, see, it was too much today. It's a two day. It's not a big off gambling. It definitely is. Good day to go to the public and fill up the refrigerator. Come on. Come on. See you laugh. Let's reform you before it's time. I haven't been the last time I was in all your meals in restaurants. Is it sure way to an early grave, Mr. Goldberg? I'm telling you right now. You know when the news will happen. You're great. I'm sure. But the last time I went to a public's. I was working on a micro-neary show. Yeah. Doing the great grocery giveaway. That was the last time. How many years ago? Yep. You know, speaking of, and I miss Mike was the guy like Renery. A lot. He was. But I was thinking the other day. What was it? George seven years? How many years was it, I would be? At least seven. That was a bad show. I was not doing a good show on that speech. It was a bad show. So how do you like that? Does need a show I'm doing now? Is it how the off-edited nightcraft? It was not a good show. No, it was not. What was wrong with it? I don't know. It just wasn't any good. It was a... Yeah, the learned for a while. That was the beginning of the end. But it was just... It just wasn't a good show. And all these people live in the past. Oh, when Rick and Soads, if you had to fill Henry, we're on there. That was a... Yeah, right. For about five minutes. You know, that was funny for about five minutes. When you fill, it is all you can eat and eat growth thing. And there was like, oh, yeah, like five or six highlights of that whole deal. And these people, they have a selective memory. It's like, remember when the president was good. I like to remember what you said there was that. This one. I can't remember which day that was. But he was like on nine, twelve. That after night eleven, you know. I think I think the last day when he was people had any feeling for him was when he walked out there. That's right. The first picture in the world, serious. Remember that? Yep. In the anti-stadium. Yeah. And, oh, boy, what... Cahones, he's got. You know, he walked out there in the... I actually felt bad for him, like, colleague. And then that was the end of that. And then we saw what a bozo he really was. There's Carl Roe, by the way, on CNN. They're going to get his ass. There's Scooter Libby. Yeah. You wait till you see this thing blow up this week. Think I'll go home and watch it. Yeah, go home and watch a little CNN. Have yourself some... I'll go out and get some co-roll and stock to refrigerate it. Right. Now, where would you get a luxury and co-roll when you come right now? Do I think you have to make it? There is no way you can buy a luxury and co... I'll tell you what. I want the rescue house. Now, go over to the Epicure. Where are some... Oh, yeah. Epicure is the perfect place for it. Right. Go over on Epicure still around, man. Yeah. It's my nice, still nice. Fastens of greatness on Miami Beach is the Epicure. Yeah. Oh, boys, I could. I'm on my way to some. Get yourself some of that moths of all soup in the bottle, in the jar. Some brisket of... A big cast that gets some brisket and a big cast roll of luxing-co-roll and plunk yourself down on the couch and watch the... And then you can prepare the staple night with Ijula. Yeah. Yeah, but you'll do Alvisio tomorrow. Okay. See you tomorrow. All right, you too. Bye. Give me a thirsty glass. Go over to the door, go over to the door. Go over to the door. Go over to the door. Go over to the door. Go over to the door. Go over to the door. Go over to the door. Go over to the door. Go over to the door. Geraldo... That keyword is okay. He is kind of unnamed, but they go就是 law be Dubai just to the point that Fairy P 차�way has to say. He said, it's like when he is departmented. He's been wanting pens 넣고, do they? Roll over to the service. I know Happyائi听 lo. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the time he live in down. And not my way to the town with that, for my cooking Bass Denows. I don't think I can walk over that. Sugar. He's the second town treasure. What are you Rico I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I said the song is a package, cow. Why you love me? I got a whole useful old book. I know everything is going on in Badu. Why I even know all the new Majad rules. I'm into the giant daddy old. You should go and get your voice out tonight. You said that is so when I take you place. I know I ain't no one's going to need. But when they drop right voice, we'll change. You're a little slow. There's a little bit of a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. There's a bar. Look at that. It's 12. Already we're ready for a first break. How do you like that? Thanks to the Humphor. I can't imagine even living. I don't think I would survive if I had all my meals in restaurants. I've been dead 20 years ago. I'm a fat Jew. Yeah. I'm serious. How can you survive not having any food in the house? But I take him in his word. I believe that. What kind of a life is that? Eating all your meals in restaurants. It's a great life. It's a great life. Sounds like. Yeah. It's a great life until I put you in the box. Right. To a big decoration of ground. Maybe he eats a healthy restaurant. He helps like the rest of the house. Right. And that's pretty healthy. 320 votes on the knees. Pull our way down. Just pull my fat ass back in the chair. Now how do you like that? Pretty exciting. 10-13 at WDQAM. No. No. No. This is G Gordon Lillian. They don't come anywhere. Then meal Rogers. Real American Aho. Real American Aho. We salute you. Mr. Manolig Stadium Security Officer. You've blocked out of Malkov school. So you took a gig. Sifting through the personal belongings of fans. How the local short season A-Volte. Isn't the F.J.Tool in the house? You take tremendous pride. In asking teams to remove their cell phone batteries. And more than once, you've kept the senior citizen from entering the park with their pacemaker. Clear. Sure. Your commitment to your job keeps most fans from entering till the third inning. But you don't care. Your Republic's Heaven. Publicly Dan. Don't press for men and girls. So we salute you. Mr. Manolig Stadium Security Officer. Though walk each other on your shoulder. Your stop or badge. And your magic wand. You have our real American A-ho. Let's go for a scourge. Let's go for a scourge. 1018 at 5.60W to kill him. Here's our award-winning lineup. Such as it is. The more my steering. Nobody liked that. The world. Thank you. How are Mo Howard at 2 o'clock. Maddogs got three solid hours tonight. Can you believe that? 4 until 7. You better go into training for those long three hour days like today. 7 o'clock. You got your panther preview. The panther's at the Devils in Jersey at the middle lands tonight. Hopefully rebounding from last night's embarrassing humiliating for nothing. Shut out at the garden. That's our award-winning lineup. We've got no juice we've got no toast and we certainly don't have no show of Kaplan with that big thing. Oh, that's got it. Here's a fact that says Reference 714 yesterday. This is a Joe Friday's badge number. We know that in the beginning of drag net. Then it's gone on here. Right. Why didn't we didn't know his badge number is so important. Remember I said that's why he was like he was on Queenloud's all the time. Not beat you to it. And then it says on here I thought he did look good. Back web looked good. Okay. First he didn't look so good. Give me a break. Even if mom did that. I think there's so much narrative in the sake of the one. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. So, we got a very good one. And now we can go. We don't look at it. That's a nice spot. That's a nice spot. That's a nice spot. That's a nice spot. Here's another fact. Oh, Dave the cop. Boy, you are so ponderous. Jesus, God, Almighty. That's one of the reasons I'm so glad that I have very little time that I've been in South Florida. People are so, they're just where you are. You know what I mean? You know what you mean? Same old, tired, same old, same old. God. Dave the cop. Needless to say, I'm happy to suck with the comfort behind wind by my cards last night. But the hot at was when the answers are in the first two outs. All the answer fans were saying goes on and on about the game, which nobody cares about. The cardal bench looked like somebody pressed psychoward right behind home plate. Thurd the third base and whether we're public and cute to Barbara Bush and a old man, Bush 41. She was standing in chewing and yelling that isn't till Puhl's knockback on the ball. Then her shoulder slumped and she sat back down. As Mastercard would have said, priceless. Oh, boy, that facts day. Really play. I didn't read 90 percent of it. It's pretty ponderous. Papa, papa, papa, papa. I just like to need to. Papa. A lot of words. You're not saying anything. See, what a ball of you. Okay, that makes you a hell of a lot better. A man than all of us to a stay with your team on a game. Big stink and deal. I 1822 votes. How do you like that for a total amount of money? I'm beginning to be pulled on a Monday, no less. Aren't you impressed? I am impressed. 22. What do you think is the cause of all the reason natural disasters we ask you today? All this crap is going on and another hurricane may be coming right your way. Oh, no. Wilma. Wilma's coming. And the way I'm hearing is that if the hurricane that cats re-write now they're saying it could be a cat for by the time of his land. Turn a place in like bedrock. You think? Yeah. Or so we just, what would you expect from Wilma? Anyway, 1822 votes. Cause of all the reason natural disasters. Schmidt happened. 653. Just crap happens. Man just the other way it is. Just have to go with the flow. Global warming for 60. Oh, that's another comic pink or plot. God forbid they should mention global warming. Like that idiot they had on seeing in this morning we're doing a tap dance around. Everybody beat better poop but above the natural decadial cycle. All of a sudden crap. Yeah, hop on your unicycle and get lost. Remember the unicycle and the prisoner? I'm sure you do. Sure. We're paying for the sins of Bush 356. The sins of Bush so many and so little time. It's the gazeball 98. Like everything else. Yeah. Playin' the game. That's it. Everything they do. All that perversion stuff. Who cares 86? God is pissed off 86. Well, that's 86 God. What do you say? And the end days are near 80's community. End days are near. That's what the crazy people have been seeing. All of my life they've been seeing. I remember when I was a kid in Canada big when New York and they've come to the city. It was at the job as witnesses with a watch tower. That's them. Yeah. And they'd come knocking on the door. I'd be home after school and I'd answer the door and some crazy lady would have pamphlet. You know, what was the pamphlet call? Go watch the door. I just got your sin. And oh the end days are near and you have to read all about it here. Let me leave this with you. Oh, my God. And then I would flush it down the toilet or whatever. Just crazy people. Stop what a religious crap. Please religious ex- religious fanaticists. And that's like an redundancy. Right? But I'm not real religious. Well, if you're religious at all, if you believe any deferretail or a scared of you, I don't know where our scared of you. I don't want to be near you. We don't want you to darken our door just get away before you do harm to somebody. That's some good news though. President Bush had job approval rating continuous to plummet. plummet. Not to drop a plummet like that. With 39% of Americans surveyed in the latest scene and you estimated they got a pull supporting his performance compared to 58% expressing this approval. You think, Georgie, you are bad and Bush too. Yeah. Well, just wait till those numbers come out on trial. I know. In the latest poll, Bush has supported a peer to every roaded among even suburban residents who had been among his strongest backers. Following from 51% in last month's poll to just 41% of the survey in subverbia. Even though it's wealthy, yuppy, uh, I hope they are whatever they want to do with some of you bucks with those nice tax cuts, even they're getting peoed. Among urban residents is appropriating didn't bud, still at 34% in among rural residents who's about to same 44% versus 45% last month farmers. You know, those pickers farmers, people that grow that corn and pick it, check out. So there you go. And here's our poll for today before we get to that will love business. And then we'll get like 8,000 suggestions for that. I would think for the poll today when you I wouldn't let you know they're just going to vote for Roseanne, which they just know. No. I mean, she's a noxious, but I mean, we go for a vote for the funds. I got all kinds of polls here. I got polls up the, uh, no, it's just telling me. I do. I'm going to head to myself. This is the only way to survive. I'm trying to give you like a little less than life for when you take over to show them about five minutes. Get yourself a heed, man. Give the like, have a whole bunch of pile of polls playing. And then you're like, just like slide not for long. It's easy. All right. He's a cake. That would be really going there, but I don't know where I can get Luxoncroll here. One thing about the food here at the end. It is bad. It is bad. That's probably good for you then. No, you're right. I mean, if I do things would happen if I, if I ate all my meals in restaurants, I'd probably get tardy because the restaurants here, Montreal's where the good restaurants are in Canada. That's where the good food is. Trust me. Although we do have a great roots. Chris, you're the best in the world. I mean, you know, that's not a thing like you go through. He eats like three times a week at roots. Chris, come on. If you got the big bucks like you. No, no, it's got nothing to do with bucks. It's just that I just can't imagine it because when you go to a place like Ruth's Chris, you're eating a big meal. You're just gorging yourself with food, you know? Normally because it's a special event, but if you went regularly, you could just take it easy. No, have a little sirloin's right. No, and then now, and then walk out. John, look away before those things. Anyway, the most obnoxious character from any TV show ever obnoxious. Keep that word in mind obnoxious, okay? Keep. It rose down. We got 264 votes already rose and 115. The nanny 94 now that is oh, God. And if I submit a semethosism right there. Steve Orkel, family matters. George put Eurcol on there. 62. Oh yeah. Horst Jack, welcome back, Carter. Look how many he's got. But third man. Mod, 24. You know, saw a lot of these are like, uh, make you anti-semitic like mod and then Annie. Maybe they can load mod with Jewish. Are you kidding me? Be Arthur? Well, I mean, the character. I didn't know the character of the Jewish. Get out of here. Don't worry about 15. Fancy from Epidize. You got my vote to Fancy. I mean, just a tribute to stupidity. 14. Barbarina, welcome back, Carter. Six. That's down. We've older, right? Yes. Phil, us, Tubbs, Ed, too. Tom Bosley, heavy. Tom Bosley's got a pair. And Marla Henry from Boston, Public Scott, non. She was on some, some pool I thought on line. I don't know. I don't know idea. Who's it? We haven't ever heard of her. Still no food. She wasn't making the difference because she still got. She's got like Joel Finder. She's got the big. Oh, she got nothing. Well, Friday's going to be a dark day in your life. There will be a lot of drinking between now and then. Coming up tonight, uninside behind the true home in which celebrity music biography profile story. He was born Grandnaster Flash, until he sent the rules of rap on fire as Joseph Sandler. Oh, wait. The Santa Mayor went. First he was Joseph Sandler. Then he was Grandnaster's well, you know, at 8 o'clock. I am busy. I am busy. I am busy. I am busy. I am busy. I don't know how you'll manage. Oh, Grandnaster Flash was impossibly influential on the entire fool of rap music. Us magazine music critic, one of critic. He revolutionized the club DJ vernacular and in white lines, he makes quite a political statement about the inequity of American drug policy toward minorities. I am just glad there are white people like me around who can put all this in the proper historical socio-political context. Oh, wait. That sounded a little racist, didn't it? Yeah. All I meant was that black people don't really understand the overarching significance of their contributions to the musical die as for a little hang on. I am trying to say that when it comes to analyzing the effect of rap music on the culture, black artists should just leave it up to academia and be glad that their music is now offered in a college curriculum. Dude, you are digging yourself quite a hole in your head. Oh, god. I rather am. Let me shift the focus to flashes anti-drug message, which points out that if a black person is found with drugs, it's hard jail time. While if a white businessman is found with drugs, he gets off with a warning. Excuse me one second. Ah. This is a blitz and you're snorting cocaine, don't away. Oh, sorry. Oh, you're white. Bye now. Go on guys. Grandmaster Flash. If only he still had relevance. It's a big juicy shopping with a picture business tonight. On inside the vine. See every 90 votes on the pool on the rain. Henry's finally got one for Boston, too. But how do you like that? I'm curious wherever she is. I don't want to show. So I have no idea who they have ever seen it. Maybe once. 18 anti-war grandmothers were arrested and faced disorderly conduct charges. After they showed up at a military recruiting center at Times Square and said they wanted to enlist a protest group says, police arrested the women arranging a nation from 49 to 90 after they set down yesterday in front of the recruiting state to protest the war in Iraq. When the women including Marie Runion, who was 90 in blind, tried to let a decision, they found it locked said, Joan Wiles, 74, director of grandmothers against the war. Gawe. We tried to rain the bell to booth the nobody answered while said I heard a poke head poke up from behind the counter if it wants to mob and duck back down. I don't know what they were afraid of. Maybe they don't know how to deal with a bunch of grannies. Maybe it was a jacket of the box. Grandmothers against the war joy that he or city rate. Now that's Jack Nick was why I was just thinking about him. I saw him on some promo yesterday on TV. And I talked to myself, oh I don't know where I saw him. He was on the Andy Woodham Stingelized house by the head of two hour biography on Andy Woodham's. And I actually watched it. I said, wow. And I don't even like Andy Woodham. I don't dislike Andy Woodham. He's like Jack Webb. You know what I'm speaking of drag net. He's like you. Like vanilla. Grandmothers against the war joy that he or city raging grandmothers in the great panters. The former coalition called the anti-war grandmothers, which organized a protest group said about 100 people at Temple. And 18 grandmothers got thrown in the slanger in New York. That's America for you, man. The fascist are doing it. The goose differs. I wonder these facks as we got here before. He's going to have a step about Wilma. Well I just want to pass that along and we'll take 40,000 calls. Like this one here. QAM. QAM. Okay. There's just a line checker right now. At least one's working there or why? Yes. With a full question we had today. You would think that I've already been just forming off the mouth. It's such a good negative hostile pool. Just a kind of thing to people. Well maybe people are off to find their viscuit and lumber now in batteries. Right. And the bottle water. Clean the water. Here's a fact. It says how about these losers. VA. Barack is from the 18 is played by Mr. T. Was that his name VA? Barack is. I'll take their word for it. Can we just put Mr. T on there? Let's do that. Yeah. That's a lot easier. Well I mean, because some of these were put on there like the characters name or like in Tom Bosley. Actually it makes you nervous. A newman from a sign file. Okay. Didn't watch that show. Obviously. We have to deal with raw with a sterico. Was funny. Funny. One of the funniest creatures. Well, let me see you bet off. Any character played by Joe Pitna and I see that. They don't need a what they do that. They don't get this. So. But the all time is Larry David from Kirby and Thusias. Mokio and I was okay. All right. We'll put Larry David on there. Very David on there. I think that's another word of your eyes. I think that's another word of your eyes. And then it says Richard and Brooklyn. Thanks and don't ever change. Oh, the other thing I changed is my underwear once it twice a month. Whether you need it or not. So do I think. Okay. Let me just be for all another call and see I was going to get into this thing about Willna. But now that's how we got to close. You know that these are going to be really good calls because I discovered coming back yesterday after vacation that it's really we've had a real change here. That's very cute by him. Hello. How could you be bored and your goal is to put the goal. How many of you I am? Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I don't know her name. That's saying that's on the Drew Carrey show. You know the secretary. Oh, you know what? I mean, you're about it. Yeah, me me. The boy. Oh, I'm engaged by vote. Now, maybe from the Drew Carrey show. Okay. Thanks, pal. That's screaming me to you. WQA and hello. You're so good to why I'm blowing a hole in that. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. How are you doing today? Okay. I don't know if you've seen it yet, but I've been watching the storm here on the internet. And the the latest track, which was issued at 5 a.m. The models, they have the center line going right through. So, where's the Western day counting? That's right through, Broward County actually comes right out between Hollywood and Ford. Lawyer Dale. Oh, my God. Catch me by the way, they're saying catch me. Yeah, catch me. But you guys are also saying that they haven't got any ideas. Yesterday, we're showing a go and right to New Orleans. So they haven't got any. Well, today's ago, they had all the tracks going into a cancun and cause well. It's not moving. It's just almost stationary. No, no, no, no, no, no. Hold on. They said this morning, that's what what's his name at Jackass on CNN said. He says moving very slowly. Well, that don't watch CNN. But I just look at this. That's not a lot. Look at all the satellite. Right. I'm really into this stuff. And it is definitely moving to the north. It can be the next Brian Nourcross. Well, yeah, but I'm not going to talk. I do. Very merciless. Don't be the next Miss come all, but anyway. I just wanted to tell you that traditionally, a lot of the nature of our A cane could have hit Florida over the last one. It is a good vision. It come out of the north was Caribbean in the middle and latter part of October. The last major hurricane did everybody get you folks nervous. But the last major hurricane that we're making a direct hit on the city of Miami, which was a Gap 3 and it was an Andrew hit on the 18th of October, 1950. And that was hurricane King. In the 19th. In the 19th. Yeah, in the 1940s, we had two storms in 1948 come right at the same area and cross over South Florida from the north was carried. Are you kidding? Did the big blow is coming? Well, I don't think it's going to be a really bad storm. It could be a low end category three. I don't think we're going to get a four or five. Yeah. But what I'm trying to say is we could get a basically sort of a direct hit. Well, wasn't Katrina a three when it came through a dating route? No, Katrina was only a category one. Yeah. Well, I'm looking at how much damage that did in Dave County. All that we grew. Well, if it's a cast tree, how do you know it's going to be a week cast tree? I don't know. It's too far away now. Well, that's right. Nobody knows. Over those heated waters, man. Nothing global warming's going to do it. But those hot waters there in the Gulf. That's true. But once it gets north of Cuba into the southeast Gulf of Mexico, Yeah. There's a lot of wind shear and there's a lot of dry air over there. And it's all over this stuff, aren't you? Well, I'm in the up and into her. I came to all my life. I was born and raised in. I'm the guy that used to watch Bill Ross all the time. I played that Bill Ross promo for you. About a year ago. Right. Was he really? Oh, yeah. The guy was going to handle better myself. Before Bill, before Bill, Bill Ross was the best. Right. But Bill Ross was going to do this promo. He did it in Channel 7. Barnaby Jones gets his man. He was pretty bad. Oh, yes. Good luck to you, Palli. All right. Get over to a Home Depot right now. You guys take care. See him. How do you like that? That was some analization. Wasn't it? Let's have them call it regularly better. Yeah. You can do it like our correspondent. Because we don't get squashed from our news partners there in Channel 6. We get nothing. You know, that's the biggest bogus garbage. Another QAM lie. Oh, our partners are Channel 6. Isn't this 6 now? It used to be 10, I guess. It is. It is wrong with it. I guess we got something against Don. No. Yeah. That must be it. I personally like Don. You know, myself. He's a good weather guy. He doesn't get everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Who's the one on the channel? Do we even know who the weather guy is on Channel 6 anymore? Lottie Quinn. Lottie Quinn. Is that the mighty Quinn? What if he's Kim De Pat Quinn? 1041. Oh, here's the option. We still have the tropical storm warnings in effect from Honduras back to Raghava. And we're also looking at Hurricane. He can't. Well, he wore the came in islands. Let me show you the forecast right here. Here we go. Stop as well. Oh, this number. So if you're doing this at home, here's not good. The same winds now 75 miles per hour. And look at this. Here's the tip of Florida here. Yeah. There's that Midwest right here. And here's the question. He's a 100. That is a great question. That is an indication of a category three hurricane. And just to kind of eyeball this quickly, we are looking at a forecast wind speed of about 105 knots, which of course, funds to about 125 or so. I get to the epic here today. Hi, we're okay. Go back to the next. We're going to the weekday. Because it's the enemy. We think during the day on Friday and then approaching the Florida, still too early to say exactly what I'm looking at. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. All the way up to the Florida. I don't know if that is. That's up coming in Florida again. What a shot. Let me go down. Following. Is a test of the FEMA alert system. This is only a test. What happened? Where? This was only a test. If it had been an actual emergency, you would have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days. You're a dick. Thank you. 1047. Okay, speaking of that, we'll most expected to become an intent to or came for it in Southwest Florida. All of why does that line say threat in Southwest Florida? In the Sun sent. What does that mean? Well, it's going to hit them first. Yeah. That's what's. And then and then, but a Bing man, but a Bing. No need to panic button just yet. Says a Ken K. Rimes with gay. He says the Florida residents should keep a close watch on proper storm Wilma, which emerged in the Northwest Caribbean yesterday could cross out Florida from West to East. As a major hurricane by the weekend, while I'm trying to lord, he's got it in for you. There's a poor Rere Nagan man before. I'm going to go. But a book. Testifying on Capitol Hill about how they were horse ball job. They did the horse shaft job. They didn't know. The A.A.M. Tuesday tracked this morning. He should buy the actual hurricane center. Corn that got it called before. I don't even know if I could outdo what he did. Probably not. Well, there he go. There's a casino is going inland in Bolluxi. And not lord is really going to be peo. You just wait till the next one to come to the Gulf. No, not. Yeah. Has Wilma making landfall on the Southwest coast of Florida. And moving across the state toward the southeast coast as it weakens over land. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. This place is all a southward in the cone of concern. What is nothing. There's nothing worse than being in that cone of concern. And a lot of the code of terror. And now on the onkiver was the cone of concern. With a set of the storm prediction to pass to pass over on Sunday. Did you hear that? I heard it. Pass over on Sunday. They got their holidays. Could have math up. That's like an April around Easter time. It's pace off. So Hank gets a lot of the weekend for holidays. And some brisket would be good too. There is Vaishur love brisket. Who brought his favorite brisket at that time? I forget the guy named I think. Korky. No, I'm not some gondon about Korky. They took him as brisket. Don't give him the brisket. That's right. A task at a test. You can't be that brisket. Man, that was good stuff. There's now seeing the Hank got me going with his food stuff. Now that's bad because I need to have a non-eating day today. Because I did have some banana nut yesterday. Some hog and does that. I want to admit that on the air because people think I'm a fat pig. And guess what? I'm a fat pig. Well, just go gamble. You have to. Well, it would be embarrassing to say that I had a pint. And then it was so good I went over got another one. I did. That's a court. That was horrible if you had done that. Well, I did. There's a large variability in large areas associated with a 4 and 5 day forecast. So this time stay tuned and monitor closely the progress of this server came. These centers in the statement. We'll let became the 21st name we know that but a beat for the boot. But above and it's expected to become an intense hurricane in the Northwest and Caribbean Sea. Typical of those hurricanes which commonly occurred not with 30s 40s and 50s. The one by 30. 40s and 50s. The hurricane centers said, oh, I think that guy had a stomach. Forecast has said it could strengthen the years 12 hurricane by today. Well, if it's 75 mile an hour, when's already. Doesn't that make it a cat one? Yes. Okay. That many hurricanes formed in 1969. The most since record keeping began 1851. Uh oh. And any contest morning will most have to stay in one's increase to about 70 miles an hour. If it's sustained, when's we at 74, which it already has 75. It's upgraded with cat one. I'm not really sure what they showed on there before. Forecast, you're said, well, it was about 240 miles south southeast of Grand Cayman Island. New forecast models for the taste of storm close to the western Cuba. The Mexico's UK-10 Peninsula by Friday. The storm was forecasted and turned sharply in the Gulf of Mexico toward Florida. They could sharp right turn over the weekend and by the bang. That's it. You folks, you better get out there right now and make your preparations. It's some preparation age. I would. I'm telling you because it's going to be a real pain in the ass. This hurricane is a will-moth thing. Another one. Just one act or the other. I feel like who would want to live in a tropical swamp like that that keeps getting drenched in. Uh, I just don't get it. Me either. 440 votes on the full night yesterday. Did we have like over 500 in the first hour? Yes. I guess they don't like this. Pull as much or maybe we ought to take some calls and get a lot more names of obnoxious characters on here. Do maybe they're most obnoxious characters none or yet. But I doubt it. 560, 560, 560, the Verizon and Singular Wireless Alliance. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes sir. Okay. If World Mark coming when is a Fred and Dinofon are going to get a familiar. This is getting ridiculous over the freaking Americans. It's global warming and forces the one to do it. And you've picked them off. WDQAM. WDQAM. That's going to happen. They could not do that one. Is there a storm? That's a new line for you anyway. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. What is with these phones? I guess they all dropped everything and they ran off to a home depot. They ran off to divide their viscweet and they ran to public. Clear the shelves of all of the water and all the batteries and their flashlights. And of course they're transistor, get one of them battery radios. Whatever you do. Because here with our vast news capabilities of QAM. I'm sure that this will be the station that you be glued to for the very latest and the greatest. I wouldn't be ashamed if that thing came blow into your light tomorrow. And all of a sudden after a transmitter down we were off for like a month. WDQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I just wanted to say. Oh God. That's all pathetic or what? WDQAM. Gilbert God is for you. It's probably the horrible. What character does he play? What show? Yeah. What shows you? He's in movies. Yeah. You don't get it. They just so stupid man. It's pathetic. The most obnoxious character from any TV show. Not the most obnoxious actor. Actress comedian comedian. Pitch man. Whatever. Hey, let me ask you a question. Yes. I got a fax here. I won't send because you won't be able to read it. It's that. Okay. But it says Lenny and squeaky. Should we put them on there as a unit from Leverted Shirley? Your favorite show. No. This is obnoxious character. Okay. Mecha on there. If you want. We got more than one from happy day. You know Tom Bosley. We got Ponzi on there. And I wouldn't surprise me if they put an end. His famous enus Williams on there too. Whatever he played. I think he was just kind of like benign. It's just hard to separate them because they never appeared. Well, you're going to have you know, Shalamele and Shalamazalar like two separate words. Okay. You better get with him. WDQAM. Hello. Two AM. You're your younger. You're your younger. You're your younger. WDQAM. Hello. Fashion. You know what's up, buddy. Yes, sir. I want to ask you a question. One of your, uh, one of your, uh, commercials on two. Thank you. Yeah, we don't discuss our commercials. Come in QAM. Hello. These are good. You called it this morning. Better than yesterday. WDQAM. Hello. The cock. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 30 QAM. Hello. Hello. There was a bad guard room with you. Yes, sir. Yeah. I, I, I don't. Okay. Is it real? Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm sorry. I, I'm sorry. It's not like me to me. Do better trouble. It's probably all that ice cream I used to do. I messed up my, uh, my, all of slam I got. And mine too. Uh, it's time to call weaver. Call them in. He'll tell us what it's happening to me. Okay. Thank you. Keep going. I'm doing it. I'll be here. Hello. I'm going. Yes, sir. I'm a doctor. She's a complete character to me. Yeah, okay. Tell me the QAM. Hello. Well, yes, sir. How about Eruccler? He's here as he's doing great. He's a mood in the second place. And on the, uh, or third place I know you were waiting for the second place. And on the, or third place, I know you were waiting at the top. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. You're welcome. You were right about that. He gave her, but I'll say, head start. But he's making a big, uh, but the big move. Leaps and bounds. WQ, where I am. Hello. Yes, sir. Dr. Smith from Lawson's Bay. Very good. Good. Good choice. Okay. Every, every, every call we get in good call waiting. I mean, like, we got like a Daisy change going on here. You know, they're hanging up really fast. Like they just can't. No, no, no. That was a call waiting. Tell me, do Q.A.M. Hello. They're gone. Wishes off. How's the junior, what was that was a June Allison? No, you know, let's say the Pennsylvania. June Lockhart. That's it. Who was also in last season. She was in Lawson's Bay. He kind of is annoying to not, I don't want to put her on the floor. Okay, prepare. She's aggravating. Here's line nine Q.A.M. Hello. Okay. They're good. They're the best ever to know. You still have a call yesterday. Yesterday was just a warm up for the day. WDQ.A.M. Hello. I don't know. Yes, sir. How about the squirking from the Vernon Charlie? It just got it. Okay. Thanks. How about squirking from the Vernon Charlie? What do you say? What do you say? You just roll up. You're not the only one that's bothered by that thing. By what? That's the one. Meals from the Russell business. You don't have to be Jewish to hate that. Yeah. Well, no, the idea is it's just, it's just in A and it's the other. The community is the nation will network TV show and they're talking to Yiddish on there. It's kind of a hazard right is that. A lot of them just too many go out there. That's why that show was not anymore. The number one it was ban at show number two. There's too many go in middle one here about shoelmeals and shoelmazzles. Okay. 1056 and 560WQA. This is the new Roger show. What? What? This is your plane. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? Let's spray some stages. Who give you cars? Some stages. Who give you cars? What this stage isn't going to give you something that really calms. Because this stage is going to give you a great fun. Just be the tenth color. We're going to hear this sound. And you're going to remember shipping our free weight loss program. We send a station representative to your house to a lot. You and the bathroom for two or three months. That's right. All of the water is too fast. You can eat. You can lie. You'll be looking shot. And you'll have the brightest smile on the beach. This station accepts no responsibility for minor complications resulting from our weight loss program. Like protein deficiencies, Rickets, Kirby or F. You can't serve your staff. You're ready for swimsuits. And don't forget to floss. Eat with a sink for your snacks. So it's 11 o'clock. I can't stop thinking about the fact that Hank never has any food and a refrigerator just got, you know, like soda. Why is this thing going to go guy with your money to eat out all the time? Well, who now wants to eat restaurant side of your meals? What are you when you're sitting there watching ball games? You've got to have like something to munch on. No, Carla. Here's a facts from Elmer who says, please, please. And it's a very good one. Elmer, I agree. I might actually change my vote. We'll see. From the first prince. Can't we just put the first prince? Well, that was his name on the show. So what? Well, Smith. What do you mean that was his name on a show? That was his character's name as well. Also, it says, not of the dolphins. Could you please play the Elendomari song? No, no, no, no. Not in the song. Okay, well, put on there. Whatever you want. You can put Will Smith. Well, whatever makes you happy. Okay, but I would seem to be the French prince's more definitive. But that's okay. I understand that. What about, um, a mod? Was nothing able to show? Okay. The nanny was nothing able to show? Okay. So it can be either or you. You can put on it whatever you want. Here's somebody John from, oh, John from Columbia really pisses me off. He says, coer. Huh? I know what was that. You know. I don't care. I mean, I thought it was a good show. I'm like, coject is fine. He just probably, I don't like bald people. I saw them like telly surveillance. Maybe it's like Greeks. Maybe that's a problem. Yeah. Yeah. We know a lot of that. I know a lot of guys are like Greek. You're fair. Anyway, oh, you like this story. For the worker stand in microwave dispute in Tamarack. Oh, yeah. I need to know more. The microwave wars in Tamarack. Oh, yeah. I need to know more. The microwave wars in Tamarack. Oh, hey. Things got very ugly at a wall greens when police said one employee stand to co-worker over who could microwave her soup first. Well, that happens in that studio. Are there all the time? Yeah. Both women wanted to use the microwave and employ break room Wednesday afternoon. Lastly, currently BS. Oh, but while they were fighting over who could use the microwave for a Melissa Grant. I'm sorry, I'm Alicia Grant. Grant, they large kitchen, I thought the counter and stabbed Merlow's till, uh, till me in the abdomen. Sure. They didn't get along to begin with who could use the microwave first became a major issue. Sposman, you know, it all said from the BS. Oh, the two women then wrestled for the knife. Each cutting their hands before the storm answer could stop the fight. It all said, till me 20 was hospitalized in good condition. Grant, 23 of North Lauderdale, which charged the aggravated battery with a deadly weapon after being treated a hospital for her wounds. How do you like that? Over who should have put their soup in a microwave first? That is a beautiful thing. Only in South Florida. As a matter of fact, it's a good thing that wouldn't have gone around because now within a lot of the guy. Right? That's right. I feel threatened. You know, I don't think I have words my soup. It's not in the thing here. Really? Oh, it's on one of these banks on the DCS, but who else going to find that thing? Do we still have that? It's gotta be around here in the car somewhere. It's not a car. Here's some good news. A little more. We talked about this yesterday, but a little bit from the New York Daily News. A special prosecutor is intensifying focus into who out today CIA spy has raised questions about whether vice president Cheney himself has involved knowledgeable sources of confirmed yesterday. At least one source and one reporter of testifying the probe said he was a journey of Patrick Fitzgerald is pursuing Cheney's role in the Valerie Plame of Fair and Edition, at least six current and former Cheney staffers. Most members of the WIG, White House Iraq Group, have testified for the grand jury including Scooter Libby and two-top-tiny national security latinants. Cheney's name has come up with indications that CIA may be agitated closer to a blockbuster conspiracy charge with help from a secret snitch since the Daily News. They have got a senior cooperating witness. Some of them are giving them all of that information sources have been questioned and leaked probe told the Daily News yesterday. He was questioned last year by prosecutors in his head of private attorney, former colleague Terence O'Donnell who declined to come and contacted by the Daily News. Cheney spoke to him in Leia and McBride only offered the standard canned response that her boss is cooperating. Libby and Bush's political mastermind Calro, from mainly focused on the probe that whether claims cover was blown into the scheme to embarrass her husband, ex-invested with Joseph Wilson who debunk claims that Iraq tried to buy nuclear weapon materials in an easier. Libby is often described as Cheney's Cheney, a laurel and a sweet lieutenant who shares his boss's hardline philosophy and bear knuckle attitude toward political enemies of the Bush administration. Cheney and Libby spent hours together in the course of the day which caused the source of the new no-bothmen very well to assert that any attempts to discredit Wilson were almost certainly have been known to the vice president. School of wouldn't be freelancing on this without Cheney's knowledge as horse-filled Daily News. It was probably some off-the-cup thing. This guy Wilson could be a problem. News reported in July that Libby was totally obsessed with Joseph Wilson. Maybe you like him. Whether that obsession amounts to criminal misconduct will be decided by if it's zero, but if Libby is indebted to implicated the wrongdoing, Cheney's Cheney's Cheney's Cheney's will suffer as well. This week we got a blockbuster maybe then we got the hurricane coming. We got the book coming on Friday. All of these things. Just when you think, see I told you, these kind of like, you know, like a limbo day. Let's do the limbo rock with brush limbo. Yeah. No, that's not to that. Let's pop a few oxies and then do the limbo rock. This weather guy, he looks like rush since you mentioned looking at it. But you're saying rush will do aggravate. We are in those muskins. Let's go to the local good news. The bad news is we now have our 12 hurricane. Oh my God. We're going to burn the hurricane. Nice. The record for the most hurricane. Well, that was a very nice. 1969. 12 is also double the number of normal hurricanes that we see. Well, how about abnormal hurricanes? That's what we like. Okay. What do we got in this pool? 492. That's a little on the shabby side. We're just a little bit lagging because Josh says if we don't get a thousand votes today, he's taking the rest of the week off. That's exactly what I said. Yeah, that's what he was thinking. I'm going to regret was thinking when he heard that day. You got that raised coming man. You got that big raised at the work around. It was budget talk. You know, every time I ask him to stuff about that. But it means, but it meant for all of us double talk. What a win. What a win. It's so depressing. Brother, just wait till Friday though. When Joel Fiber kicks his own ass. The most obnoxious character from any TV show ever is Roseanne 144. But how do our heels is the Nanny? 1 26. The Nanny. Oh, God. Friend, Russia is the anti-Christ. Steve Erkel, family matters. 81 for Erkel. Forshack from up and back. How does got 36. Mars got only. About 30 men. Fondes happy to eat. Eight to 19. Go for probably. How's Gomez Powell's coming? Now he dead in neighbors or not. No, he is. He's not. Oh boy. She's like. Screech saved by the bell 10. Oh, yeah. I then went and stood by me. Somebody must have like, never said it. I'm not sure. Oh, Screech. He is too easy. He's like another horseshoch. I'm going to work. Screech. He's a Screech. All right. Barbara, you're welcome back. Conrad, right. Mr. T.7. Cool. Kathy, can we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't we? Can't. This And it is to which Let me Lancelot Mahatah Siamilack. Abigail Marcel. You'd ordinarily refer to a male, I don't know if they're like female, counterpart words, but anyway, who cares? A wheel manner. Fresh prince of Bella are one. He makes me conquer. Doctor Smith lost in space one. Marie Henry has some Boston public one and Ko. Jack and Lenny from p Dinner on in Schreullee so far I've got the bager of the 4500 volts. We got over 500 there. We got a little bit of a skirt, you see that? Spurt. These Supreme Court refused yesterday, he provided him a ziury 30% man from getting in a bottom. Without comment, the High Court looked at a temporary state blocking of federal judges ruling. Missouri officials had to drive the woman to a clinic to have the procedure over the weekend. Late Friday, Justice parents took into account a secret and they temporary state at ruling, but yesterday's High Court decision was unanimous. Missouri's law forbid spending $10 to facilitate an abortion but the federal judge took the position that the prison system in Missouri was blocking her from exercising that right. The High Court sort of means that she can receive the procedure she can go ahead and add that abortion. The woman had claimed to have the procedure done Saturday, but Thomas granted the temporary state late Friday blocking the ruling by U.S. District Judge Dean Whipple. I wonder if he's getting the Mr. Whipple, you think? He's the reason that Thomas then referred the case to the full court. The woman hasn't been identified or returned to James Falacos and other Greek of the ACLU said in court paper that she's running out of time because she's 16 to 17 weeks pregnant and Missouri bars abortions after 22 weeks. She said she'll borrow money for the abortion from friends and family, but can't afford to pay for transportation to a clinic that haven't done. If they can afford to pay for the abortion, not come to pay her for transportation, and it sounds a little bit bogus to me. Shut up, Tommy, what are you hatein' about? Court fight was over those cost estimates. It's 150 bucks plus fuel for two guards to accompany the woman on 80 mile trip from a cell in Van Dalia to a saint Louis. Well, when it got cut it out and flushed down the turlet. Oh, you say be killer. Good morning, it says here from the Laurie involved in more. It says, how about you? Are you in for the pool? I don't know, I guess Laurie, if that's your retake. But that's Laurie's take. That's in where in Calpoc. Kind of. Well, who shot you? He's looking really bad. He's not dead yet, is he? Very heavy. No, yeah. Tableau has been predicting his death for about five years now already. He's so pickled. He might go on for another 20 years. Yeah, well, he ain't no merry martin' I'll tell you that. Let's see. Now, it says, please add that it's not just vigil of ver and but then we have the ver and on there isn't the ver and no, we do now though. Why not? We didn't. How come we left the ver and off of there? Slimeo. Sure, model. What to do with that? No, no. I got to find a thing. Oh, no. Yeah, during the break I'll find him. That's what we haven't played it before, but it says, oh, agribute. That's the same. At least one thing, you know, there's two, you have different combinations. You have great theme songs from bad shows like Broadway Jones. Right. Terrible show, great theme. You have great shows that had awful themes. But then you had terrible themes that fit perfect because the show was awful. Like the ver and score. What was the good show that had a bad theme? A good show with a bad theme was. Putting me on a spot. Uh, taxi. Okay. I did that too. What else? I'm looking down this. I don't know. I'm sure there must be. They're both to been you. Sure. Yeah. Like the part we're traveling for example. That's the guy with the eyes. He'll sing it to you. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Tell him to bring his David Cassidy vlog down along to the party. Come on. Do another one of your appearances real soon. Tom, but it's after 11 at 5.60 WQAM on a, we're just kind of like doing the limbo rock here today. We're like in freeze frame. Waiting for them. There you go. Nice hair, David. David. You're sad. Okay. All right. And Josh is out of the room. Play it to him. What's just happened now? The audio vault cracked out and Josh went to take a break, juice, something. AC, do you see? Well, I don't even have my liver insurring this. Well, I'll find it. Oh. That's good because this will kill some time while I'm looking at it. You know, it's funny that that happened because the spot, the first spot started at the top of the wall. It was pretty low level there. Right. And I was thinking to myself, oh, oh, here we go again. It's the audio vault. And then I thought, no, that can't be because it's already, you know. So maybe it was my thinking that the cause of the tap and I'll take the blame on that. Parsley. I'll take the rat for it. Loverne and Scourry. Maybe I don't have that, but I know I got it because if you're going to get the audio vault, that problem is there. He had the problem with the engineering in the audio vault. I'm sitting here like trying to find the next bit that I want to play. And I just want to make something that he would say crap. And all the things that that mean it won't work. We have to wait for the red box to go away and then fire it on. I'll be there. There isn't. Then just press the AV one button. Give it a shot. Bang on. It's one that's poted up. Smack it. Get a ball peen hammer and crank it. Start hitting button so it won't get fires. I'm the cynic dragon. So can't you. That's why you're giving birth to us. Kindergarten. What? What? It's a parasite. It made me cry. It's adorable. Congratulations. Had the call genuine. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. One, two, three, four, seven, three. One, two, three, four, three. We're going to win. You're the same as you. We're taking. We're taking. We're doing great. Well, it's a, I want? I said, wow. Ha ha ha. Oh, man, who came up with that idea? Probably some dice, wouldn't doubt it. Kind of a dice. He showed the whole concept. They're 20 after 11 at 5, 60, 72. And we got it over five of her votes on the pull now. If for those who keep track, I would have found where you the guy to keep track of the hurricane stuff is be a lot more fun to keep track of the number of hosts we have every show on the pull every day. Wouldn't that be a nice hobby? And believe me, from the calls we get, it's pretty obvious a lot of you folks need a hobby badly. Really badly. I have no line. Right. 548. That's kind of great. We'll do like 700 by top of the R. Right. 5.33. Now the Josh ever come back from doing his business. I don't think he's going to do that. Well, I was a very, for a two-edist thing. All the way around, he bailed out. I'm sitting here thinking myself, all the audio of all crap that which he didn't in the beginning, but then it did. So my second powers once again caused it all the same like freeze frame. You know, kind of like, like that. Yeah. How can I do it? Oh, there's going to be a vanson friend, Frolay. But the star. Well, you don't want a big fight to start me here, do you? Besides, you could be saving money. Wait, Joe, so many. How much? Less here, Pacificer could say you hundreds even found the dollar. Are you seeing that? On CNN? Or do you have a different spot? I got a different spot. That is just unbelievable. Paralogical prescription. They're using an olive footage. The Fred Mertz and Wozernay. That's all. Fred and Ethel from L.I.L. Of loosely. And they're like, you know, they're like, I don't know how to describe it. There was a movement. They're like a bad dubbing. Oh, really? And anyway, kind of interesting. Not a lot, but fairly interesting. Teach your fired over refusal to display flag. This is what's going on in Zyne America Boys and Girls, and we'll get to it right after we take 20 or 30 calls. That's pretty cute, I am, hello. Good morning, Neil. The next time it's you. That's pretty cute, I am, hello. Too I am. Not there. Okay, I said, we'll get that story real quick. Too I am, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a re-run from what's happening. Oh, yeah. Okay, I'm a trotist. And now, from the Brady bunch, and Wal-Malder's is donkey. Ha ha ha ha. Okay, quit when you're in. Two out of three in band. Yeah, yeah, that one Valdez. He was a horse's ass, but he wasn't a character that I know of on any show. He was just emotional, right? Right. Right. 550 foot at any band. We need picked up since the Josh Clinton is in and it's out. What do you laugh at about when it died, you got to clean him out? That's right. That happens to the worst of us. WQAM, hello. QAM, hello. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Neil, I got two for the pole. Okay. Feds from the 70's show. Excellent choice. Thanks, sir. Valdez from Perfect Strangers. Beauty. Nice job. All right. Now that's all I got. Thank you. That was great. Two great choices there. Yeah. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. The metal blonde character, Joey. Oh, yeah. The worst. Yeah. You know, something? How did I leave that off of there? Not only is he the worst, but the promos for that show on like 75 million times a day. And I sit there and I look at that and I think you get like a blank stare at the screen, you know? Who is watching that show? Exactly. Nobody. Thanks, pal. Joey. Wanna put that under Joey. Not Joey Reynolds, of course. No, no. Joey. Not to be confused with your close personal friend. Joey Reynolds and Bill Marshallite. But Joey Reynolds. I am that him right. You're a pain in the ass. That was the, and I'll say it again when I said to Hank before the years on IOD. I want to apologize. So there's a show on Zeta was great. Show on I and Z and the F. No was great. But, uh, and Zeta was sensational. But then IOD just, it just didn't make any sense on that. I don't know why. Maybe I don't know. Am I wrong? But make some more sense here. Well, maybe that's not the reason. I just don't like that show. I just didn't care for that show. We did an IOD. I don't know. Maybe I had something to do with Mike Disney. I don't know. I didn't like it. And English teacher has been fired because he didn't want to display an American flag and his Catholic school classroom. Steven Kobasa. Oh, there's nothing like good Kobasa. I teach you a cool bit cathedral high school since 1999. This is in Bridgeport, going to get says he's not unpaid throughout it. But has deep seated religious beliefs that are incompatible with this playing a flag. Well, you know what that means if he's got deep seated religious beliefs, you know what that means? Like that. That means he's crazy. Oh, I mean, he must be a Jehovah's Witness because they're the only ones that have a problem with that. Catholic. Nevertheless, he might be Catholic. Catholic school. Catholic. Well, sorry. Christ speaks of compassion without bond-recent Kobasa apesactivist. Flags are about separation assertions of superiority and aggression. The whole notion at loyalty to countries connected to one's religious faith is totally a part and on on justify. Kobasa said he offered a compromise earlier this year when the diocese of Bridgeport in a 90 day new policy requiring the place of allegiance to be was said in every morning. He said he agreed to display the flag flag in the morning so students could be said the places they wanted. Then he would take it down. But that was acceptable to the superintendent. Kobasa, I was speaking of the super. Was that care? Panherington. What was that show one day at a time? Yes. What was that character? Schneider. Oh, put that on there. He just. He fit in perfect as was a horrible show. Was that Bonnie Franklin? Yes. Oh, God, what a bad show. One kid at a time. Kobasa 57 said he was told an unidentified colleague complaint because he wouldn't display the flag. Kobasa, if Macaley raised books and for the diocese, he said it's diocese in policy not to come and personnel matters. Their mum. Our Catholic schools provided dynamic learning environment which we expect for the opinions of others as well as reflectors school property are both key components. He said it is stated posted on the diocese's website. The diocese is a Bridgeport has long believed that the American flag is an important fixture in its Catholic school classrooms. Kobasa was dismissed last Thursday. He said he does not plan to sue. This was never about law. He said when school administrators communicated with me they would say, are you bringing your lawyer? It was never about that. I never raised it as a free speech. I was wondering what I have. None. It was about the moral principle that this tradition supposedly represents. Avery Edy, a junior at the school said she and her classmates learned through that. Kobasa had been fired. Personally, I think he was a good teacher. She said he was passionate about his subjects. It doesn't make sense to lose a good teacher or worse stupid policy like that. Kobasa said he received remarkable support from the students. I thought right up in the end, I guess I can say it was my last lesson for one student this matter. As he held this one finger high and described. Remember this? 26 past 11. We got the mole man. It took me about mad dog three-shall hours today. Right. 47. Panther Preview of 7 KELDI and Anthony Gellney's good. But that the Red deer Randy man, he needs a lot of work. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. Oh, the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time. All right, class, all right, class extensions. It's time to recite the new pledge of allegiance. Everyone stands up please. Now place your right and our left hand over the organ of your choice. Let's begin. I may not pledge allegiance depending on if my parents let me to the flag of the rest of the United States of the United States of the United States. I'm a United States of America. I'm a two-three public for which that pagan symbol, which I reserve the right to burn stands. One over the religious nation under the arbitrary sway of array of universe controlled solely by immutable natural laws, and divided with every precinct liberty and justice for those with a law degree and too much free time. Very good. Amen. 1132 at 560WQM. Latka on taxi somebody says, Latka? Okay. We got Latka's. We got Salmios. We got Salamos. Hi. Good. Good. Tony Masala. Tony Danes on Who's the Boss. But anything that is involved in the world is speaking of taxi as character. First of all, it's the same character no matter where. Yeah. They're all of the lectures. I'm trying to see his one dimensional on a moshis. Yes. Oh, yes, it was coming out with Rocky part 85. It's just nice to own the head of peace on that this morning and somebody that was hyperventilating. Yeah, it's going to be a good one. Like that. Anyway, I asked someone like to just take that two by four-right-year head. Like Pat Robertson said when he woke up in the middle of the night, hey, you'll take out the somebody that and then Hugo Chavez. Somebody says, Louis de Palma, Danny de Vito from taxi. Okay. I'm probably with hysterical but with the hell. They don't like little people, okay? Certainly not. Whoever this is from. And also says, Pat too. See another little person. Pat too. Oh, they got a point there. Oh, here's a good one. JJ from Good Times. Oh, man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we, it's unanimous. I was thinking of Good Times. Really? How's that thing? I knew you were going to do that to me. I love that. I don't care what you say. You know, you convinced me. Trust me. And not trying. Yeah, yeah. Good Times. Even Josh likes that thing. Why he said it wasn't that bad? No good times on that show. No, I didn't say the show was good. I said it was a bad show with a good theme. That is a good question. No, what's a good show with a bad theme? You said taxi? Right. I don't know if you had that theme somewhere. First of all, I didn't fit. It was just somewhere. Rose. What? You talking about this? The theme. Yeah. For a comedy, I always wanted to face what I've made. For my sauce and his man. Looks like maybe the Bob Newhart show. Maybe that would be more fun. Like, Sunday morning news. I'd rather send a little more upbeat like this. Very good. What do I do? Oh yeah. Okay, what else is on this list? Slow from Alice. I've never watched Alice. I saw Alice at the Palace though once. Alice went to the one that said Kiss My Grid. Oh, no. Not slow. Right. And Megan Malales character from Will and Gaze. Okay. Whoever that is. Megan. Megan. Okay. That's what he's specialized. He's putting a lot of people on aggravate you and piss you off. That's what they do best. And then very good job of that too. Five, 90 men were approaching the 600 mark on that pool. Will be, will be dealing with 700 by the top of the R. We got that 1000 easy, right? Yep. We're like easy in that. Anyway, two bad the Panthers couldn't score a goal last night. I would like to play Gildy's a goal call on a Panther goal. But short of that, he's doing a good job. I'll see you again. Two more on one developing. Fruit cuff comes in right side in front of the net shot. Four. Two on one. And Peter fruit cuff. With his first up the season. It's more nothing rings. Ooh, bad news. I had told you to see people thought I was joking about that. I was sucking up, which is not my style, believe you mean. And he's going to be fine. Sure, big improvement over that. Funny that he old the judge McDonald. Oh, sorry, Jugs. Get on the phone with your agent now. That's just my opinion, okay? Didn't like it. I didn't like it 30 years ago. Jugs when he was doing the Islander Games. I didn't like it with the Panthers. He'd be just a boy. I don't even want to know who into it. Not good. And I'm quite Christian and more on. So I would say that it's safe to say that Gildy will be the signature voice of the Panthers. He ain't no rumor. Gildy buys his own meals. And he knows Dave Strater. Now Dave Strater, see, I don't understand that Jim Sarny. He's afraid to take a poll on New Panther analysis because we got both TV and radio and new guys. He's afraid to take that poll. He wanted to know why. He knows that I like to have an influence on it. Dave Strater talks to his teeth. And he's also very boring. And I saw some of that Bruins Panther game last, whatever night it was. And he got more excited when the Bruins scored there at the old Macarena. Then when the Panthers scored, that's not that's not kosher. What's that all about? Huh? And I just want to think, you know, every goal is exciting, et cetera, and so on. But. So there you go. So many guys need to meet our life instructions. Anyway, giant courtists are over there and work with these guys straight into mouth. That would be just as good as Dave and Bruins when Josh gets through with them. Windsor, California. The students of Windsor High School, baked hard and baked long. But it wasn't up to retain the town's title for the Rose Largest Tunky Pie. Oh, what's that? What is that thing? Language Lab. Is that what it's called? It's called Greek. We got language lab Chinese. And we got that. Language Lab. The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson Greek. Listen one. Strawberry pie. Strawberry pie. Listen two. Apple pie. Apple pie. Apple pie. Listen three. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Pony emmer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie is strong berry and punky. Playwoods. Lever is a public service to me. Not be copied or advice for yourself. Yes, speaking of Galilee. You see this. Pumpkin stuff. It's a cheap shot. Anyway, the Rose Largest Pumpkin pie. The Quadrant 68 pound. Six foot four inch diameter. Coolenerian concussion. Unfail Sunday. The Windsor Farmers market was the town's latest ever. Just take the Guinness World record. Which it is successfully helped for the past few years. Little did they know that another town had much bigger plans up its sleeve. Earlier this month, they produced a new Bremon O'Hio made a punky pie that was 12 feet forward to his diameter and weighed 1500 pounds like fat boy. More than three times heavier than Windsor's effort. Reganister, the culinary arts instructor at Windsor High, still was quick to praise your students' work which was cut into more than 400 slices, pointing out that their pie used farm-presh milk. While New Bremon's pie was made of condensed milk. Fair. Oh, god. I wouldn't use condensed milk if I was camping, Gannister said. Official notification from the Guinness can take several months. So, Windsor is content to keep the title until then. And then the New Bremon O'Hiocese. In this great people, I have a lot of spare time on our hangar. Building gigantic punky pies and then the thing with that, what do they call that thing with the dominoes that they have a name for that? Where they have always dominoes that have two miles of it and they have that Vizy chain effect, but domathon. It must be a fat stomathon. 560, 560, we're working for the most obnoxious character from any TV show. Okay? Now, we're not people on TV that you don't like necessarily. I've not just characters. I've not just. We got over 600 votes and Rosanne so far. All we got a good battle going on now. We got an excellent battle. And it's a good choice too. Rosanne 163, the nanny 155, and Irkrol is right on their ass with 95. Horst Shack, 39, mob 32, Fanzi, A21. A Henry, you're fairie. Go more pile 20, squeach from the save by the bill 15. Have I seen squeach and go any together? Same guy. Kathy, Mimi from the new Carrie show is got 12, but she is squeaming Mimi and Mr. T10. Everybody else single digits so far. Come on, you can do better with Will Smith on there. Let's go see him up real fast. He's a legend in his own mind. WCWM, hello. Hello, man. Yes sir. I have never went into your soul. Okay. Bob Sagitt from that show with the oldson twins. What is that show? Full house. Full house. Oh man. What is the work that got you? Fantastic. That's it. That's it. I can't stand him. Thanks, pal. Even. Even Latoya said the same thing. She said that. That's it. I can't stand him. Someone said that. Anyway, this is a regular. He'll move up nicely. What are we on here? I'm giving you facts from Tracy and Kendall. Her votes for the pool are Clanger, A.K.A. Jimmy Far and Mash. What a schnaz and epic award. He was also on a gong show a lot. Would you have been working that night? Yes. That's true. That's true. You never want to see that. Then we'll be the Chuck Burris movie. I did. That was good. Pretty interesting. That's actually very good. I mean, all the fans out there. Oh, and I got some great tabloid news. I don't know if you mentioned this. You remember the story we had claiming about three or four weeks ago that, oh, yeah, New Year's Eve. Dick Clark's going to be there in Times Square with somebody. I forgot. Yeah, and I said, likely story. The story now in the tabloid is that he's like a vegetable. He only for recognizes wife anymore. And he's only maybe moments away from from that. Yeah, all the big dirt man. So that's the good news. That is good. Uh, finger and mesh. And youth monkey. Oh, now that's bad. Oh, of course. Oh, no. Not shit. We look crazy. Oh, my God. That is just sacrilegious. Think she's not getting it. Yeah, you better get it and take another gander at that trace. You just don't understand it. She was over the top. But that was the character. Don't you get a trace? You get it? No. That just makes my blood boil. I'll wait up till now. We always like to relax. But now we're not too sure. Send a picture. Send a naked picture. We'll decide. George and Josh will decide whether we like to. That is, I mean, not an eatess bunker. Oh, I don't wait. I'm a little late. How do we get sucked in this reality? Oh, I'm a tiny tiny little rat. Guys, why does we have to be? Oh, we have to be. Oh, we have to be. And you do wait. Oh, I do wait. I'll just go go. Next up is a warm-<|cy|>. Make your way to use a gay lottery to go, I rocket! I got it! Thank you so much for covering me for our dinner! Yeah, I hope if your father does his best. 18 I hope that my son Grew aàiè! Then who knows if you bring rich pizza today? All you've gotta do is buy that Daddy, and you do not destroy the family. You want too brothers to settle for and can cut my treat. Oh, Samph Seriously? Stop the auditions in the stands. My Dadits are into my Drumroll. The org is the best kids for every house. I can't get a 누가, I don't even know how to kill them. They're a bar, hello. I want your take on J.P. J.P. Is a great court. I can a good joke. I like J.P. Uh, well, not the mention. He's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, sir. I'm not a good joke. I'm not a good joke. Uh, well, not the mention. He's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, sir. Oh, yeah. He's got to be given what you see here. Oh, give the thank you, ma'am. Oh, no, no, wait a minute. Go go. But I have nothing else to say. Oh, my, oh, my, this. I was the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am. I'm right down the street, some of you. I am. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, no, I have to go. Look, I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old, the temptation. How's that? Oh, wait. That worked out really poorly. The things I didn't know was growing again. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. What was going on? What was going on? What was going on? What was going on? What was going on? What was going on? What was going on? What was going on? Well, you've got to say, we could say. When you know that I could say, and around, those goldings were closed. You were crying. I knew I'd want to see you go. Look, I'm here at your feet. A road map of the city. You got to get me some money. Wait till I die, I'll be twice. I know, it's closed once I'm this steep. Almost every day I dig. And my veins suddenly start to grow. My eye didn't know anything. The toy toy toy toy. Yeah, I'm full of black talk, balling up high. That's what I'm talking about. And the old fire. The old angels asked me, What would we go, baby? We'd be happy to come and fly into our city. And say it's gonna be a nightmare, baby. Oh, you're not gonna have a dream. We're full of men. Oh, go, go. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Oh, they go with the wild thing. Okay, so let me tell them in the final 60WQ. Here's a little update on an up-check on Wilma. Can we have a, um, we must have something in there in the DCS. Thought what? Winston? How about Wilma? Yeah. Okay. You said a bit, Ray, as a bit, you were so slow. Can you took Winston on Spiderman to make sure you'd grow up big and strong? What today? Big and strong isn't good enough anymore. That's why you need to give your kids Winston's trueable steroids. The non-fightam and with the extra points. Ask yourself, what do you like kids need most? Healthy, balanced, nutrition, or a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can crush anything in their hands. Winston's two-of-all steroids come in four existing flavors like Fred Vince Dean Diole, Bam, Banderoll and Oxen Dino Dree. Winston's two-of-all steroids, your kids will love their new bulk and striated muscles to do, and it'll be years before they even care about their ever-stricken genitalia. And what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her rally troop to have her own go see? God, for that small brawl for the soul. What do you mean? I said brawl for the soul. Make your kid a Prince of Choubles' steroids kid, ten million strong and fulcing. After days of drifting in the Caribbean, Wilma became a record-time hurricane today. The National Hurricanes Center be sent. And a lot of my clock this morning. Wilma had top-stain winds of 75 miles. Did I tell you that? Yes. And was the 12th of an occurred came of the season time the record set in 1969. The year that the met one, the pen at the 69 year that the Jets upset the Colson, the plan of Joey Willen and name of the right. Okay. While I'm asking Josh, she's the sports expert. I know it's before your time. Everything is before your time. Two-beds of the world of the end days are in here. You'd been enjoyed 30 years ago. The storm is expected to strengthen further today. Wilma should become a category three-storm in the next day or two, according to a hurricane center by the next day or two, come see cum sum, macho manos, whatever. The center of Wilma was about 195 miles south-south east of Grand Caymanine, about 200 miles east northeast of Cabo Grasius, adios Nicragua, near the under his border. What is that? Cabo Grasius adios. Thank God. All right. Yeah. Cape thank God. It's not a big and huge leap here. All right. Now they will. Looks nicer, Cape. Yeah. Wilma was a nearly stationary most of this morning was moving to the northwest. At seven miles an hour the hurricane center said, a 150 miles stretch of the Honduran coast is under a tropical storm morning and the Cayman Islands under a tropical storm morning and hurricane watch. They're watching it. The hurricane center warned western Cuba, you could then peninsula south Florida and the Florida keys to modern the progress of this potentially dangerous hurricane. Oh my god, my god, my god, my god, my god. Five day projection of Wilma's path into cases during a square ther western tip of Cuba then turned to the northeast and the south Florida Gulf coast. This storm is a valuable storm said Florida's fat ass governor, Jeff Bush. He says, Libertyans have stepped up the preparations for another storm. We don't really know where it's going to go. So the interpretant so it needs to keep an eye to the south and east of us. We'll probably have a better idea by the middle of the week. All right. Good. He's got his somewhere down the situation. He finally took his hand off of Terry Ender. He's got his uh, he's got a firm grasp on this one on Wilma. What may be likes Wilma, maybe she doesn't snort coke or bring in smuggle in goods, which means he certainly couldn't be in his family. Let's see. Here's one that says, here we go again. The other bogus terror threat. What is that? And what are questions that Fitzgerald will make his findings known to Marl and hopefully with indictments? What is your, where was the terror threat? I was going on the two right now or at least was. I don't see it. Did you see it? There was something with traffic getting the verdict or something. Oh yeah. Well, it's not something about the button. It's just a crocodile. Okay. This hos arrive as the Japanese love to say while are we in their sushi? Here's a good one. I've got to change my vote. Somebody have not just TV characters in so little time. I think they're going to be a gay bohawk. A number of fikers on two-close for comfort. That was a great one. F I C was as in tree. Fikers. Right. I didn't know. Not what you're thinking. Fikers. What am I thinking? Anyway, two-close for comfort. Oh, he is. You're fair. Oh, he also reminds me Alice Frantelle. Looks a lot like her. Now, I usually when we have somebody famous guy. I do it as a beginning of the show. Even if it's some old toad. Because after all, I'm old and the Jewish and all these other things. Hey, sorry. You're going to get a bad bad book on my friend. And those calls don't bother us at all. They got a full-time crew in there now. They came to one and sell spots so they call us. And I've understand, as two-close rip and embed behind these back-jolts. I want to cause any dissension over there. But that's where we're hearing from our inside sources. Is that two-close bitchy you ought to anybody who'll listen. Joel. And you know, Joel, he'll do anything under the sun to hurt us. Farmington Connecticut. Charles Rocket. Never heard of him. I didn't even think about who he is. Yeah. Yeah. Saturday night live. I remember from some movies. I believe in actor appeared on Saturday night live. I had rules in variety movies and TV series committed suicide. The state medical examiner's rule. Rocket 56 was real name was Charles Clavory. Was found dead in the field. There was someone cantebrac, October 7th. His throat had been cut. The medical examiner said. And investigation determined there was no corn last week. To this case, state sergeant J. Paul Vance said. What if he's cante David Vance? Rocket was the cast member of NBC. Saturday night live during the 881 season. He took multiple of the fall of the departure of the original. Not ready for prime prime players. And founding producer Lauren Michaels. Rocket came notoriety when he was fired from SNL for swearing on the air. He went under a pure numerous TV shows including Moonlight. He maxed headroom and provided voices for cartoon series. His movie credits include Earth Girls are easy. Dumb and Dumber. And dances with wolves. According to the internet movie database. With a very, very boring coma inducing. What's his name? Kevin Costner. Kevin Costner. Good movie then. What's the really good movie? I'll take you an opportunity. The untouchables was a good movie. He was there and I'll say it again. The only reason he was good is because he didn't have to act. He played a very boring character. Just like he didn't JFK only. He was a terrible terrible movie. Elliott does according to the documentary. It was a very, you know, non-descript kind of a guy. I preferred what's his name myself though from the, from, from, Unsolve Mysteries, Robert Stack. Yeah. You know, the fact, oh, there's Ted Kennedy. He's got a kick some ass. You're always talking about that damn emergency in the taunt mass. This. This. He's a new Robert. This. This. This. Five. Six. That's what's out of your size, baby. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene. Massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers. What the one hour? Okay. The White House and somebody to his duty. Oh, they said he'd get paid if he plugged, which his plans on the radio. That's a movie. A White OLA pay OLA. They walked up to him offer 240 grand to spin a few lights in a number of days. They were still. B.A. White OLA pay OLA. B.A. White OLA pay OLA. Are you sure? Be reduced. The wealthy, tall king, a nice, violent child like behind. And got taxed, bays, gas, and slime. Blue is got Her beet. Cool-nut 알 beneath, but they said peакс in the bucket regarding burst tainees. But a lot become miles away. And s-s-hrad, bak, ha-bett a neck and a fly eaten, cr dy-t-getsa an into the scene. Oh, enough. Be a rifle when they do not Be a rifle when they do not Probably a two or five sixty can you say sell out in any way through a whole lot of them I just pick on him right right all the selling all the time So who is that guy from SNL? Oh, what's the name? Exactly never heard of conrad black not a wrong guy Anyway Hank inspired me to take a puke at Mike Mayo look at this look at the size of the print on this man I finally figured out you know what how to get this print up to like I instead of instead of like having a magnification reading glasses to read it A nice big size you know, I hope they give me my money back. I got his butt you pair No, you did not I know don't be by me. No birthday prisoners here either hot shot today What I'm gonna do it anyway. Why do you do that? Just not doing it. I'm gonna money on a take Josh and the biomethe passport thing. I'm right Well, it's not 130 bucks. It's 67 bucks For the renewal yeah, no no no no. It's that we mean for new one it's 130 yeah because for the passport It's like 67 and then like eight dollars for the photo like something for a service trip Is Apple your race I think you're that and then then then some well and then when George buys you that big screen the same some 463 You can know you know go sell it sell it on eBay. I'll be set you'll be all set Anyway Mike Mayo and I know Hank told me that he were a thing about this last and I wouldn't have looked at my scum Because he already had his glue come for the or a couple months ago, which I read but you know might as well right Right, he means well my cold the Mayo good Jewish boy He says if slots can be repealed right off the lottery too The nerve of these people in telehassy he writes we still don't have the slot machines They were supposed to give us budget lie one and now some politicians including fat ass governor Bush I already are talking about undoing our hosts I'm furious at fat s jab boys said Dorothy Billy 76 of Pompano Beach Why should we even vote? I vote a straight Republican my whole life, but no more She said no more do do do do do it. It's maddening the here the anti gambling moral is talk with field before we We've even seen the effects of having slots at four Broward County per Mutuals a simple question for the governor State representative Randy Johnson Republican of celebration Florida who's lately crusade against slots line-oposh to ban the state lottery too only a hypocrite could pick on one without the other Florida voters approved the constitutional amendment 1986 allowing the state lottery Florida voters approved an amendment in 2004 allowing Broward and Dave County voters to decide about slot machines and per Mutuals in a special election in March Broward voters approved slot machines to take your high-life Pompano Park ghosting park and Hollywood gay-hunt rack the legislature was supposed to have rules in place by July 1 But didn't that's a hundred ten days of constitutional defiance and counting if you are I violated a mandate such as this would be in jail said Bruce Rogo and attorney representing the per Mutuals Bush said last week he'd like to see a special section soon to implement slots But he also said it would be fair game to put an anti-slots amendment on the ballot and he'd probably would support it It would be fair game to put an anti-slots amendment on the ballot and he would probably would support it The Rogo called the repeal talk a slap in the face of the Democratic process if anything The other repeal the lottery because it's the worst bet and town It targets the course and most vulnerable for most of the notion of stricter rich quick and it's the state that advertised in markets it I tried posing a lot of a question to Bush and Johnson on Monday to no avail I've been playing phone tag with Johnson for last few weeks a fat ass Bush book then Russell Schweis said The governor has openly said he's had problems with the lottery But I don't think there's there'd be widespread a supportive a repeal funny fat ass bush doesn't seem to have any problem We're letting us see growing the lottery even though we say she's opposed to the expansion of gambling at all forms since Bush took office Your fat ass governor on 1999 and you a lottery revenue has gone from two but into three but in with more drawings and scratch All games that ever before you're scratching it on his watch a lot of reason to do scratch off tickets itself for 10 and 20 bucks a piece before you know It'll be the growth in lottery revenues comes at a time of rapid population growth and economic pressure in our state Choice wrote by email on Monday choice also wrote that Bush consistently opposed the expansion of gambling to new venues Oh, but when he spans gambling resisting venues like lottery. It's okay early or Monday Shwise told me the lottery wasn't gambling, but similar to gambling. Huh, I guess he's right since most gambling matches return 80 to 92% the betters of lottery pays back only 50% and that sense it's more like stealing still the voters Approved at people are stupid enough to bet on it and the state gets revenue from it There's no sense fighting it. Why should slots be any different? The peramitials are frustrated by the lack of legislative actions still awaits a final go ahead from an appeals court But they are preliminary judicial approval from judge Moe of course to launch and their patients is running thin I guarantee will be up and running by January 1 so then actions of hotwood Graham track you go, Dan That's music to the ears of Edgar of a grieve-roward voters. It's time to fight teleassies to finance with the fines Put college by Mike Mayo you go Mike you first now. How come on? Get with it. That's all the special light. Oh, here's a bird flu scare again concern in Europe's information for you now Remain us stepping up efforts to contain out What are fellow ghosty has a There are flu-designants that's the trying to deter if it is in fact the deadly H5N1 strain Oh no, it's also testing a bird for that strain and the country has banned poultry exports from some a gen island Don't take no a birds from the Eugene man since I'm in 84 votes now We got our shot at the thousand of it's a little off our best numbers from yesterday, right? But of course there was a euphoria. You know my coming back from vacation. Do you think that was it? No, maybe they'd like to pull very yesterday or maybe they're just a bunch of deadheads or maybe they're just getting older Apply wooden lumber and water now batteries this weekend's gonna be nasty looks like David just like they say in the sausage shop things are gonna take a turn for the first who like my brought worse So man, they don't have good brought worse. Yeah, remember what's the I wish I could remember the name of the restaurant. Oh, that's right that great place in the gables that used to be our sponsor in France Fritz and Frond right had great brought worse. You ever get those cheddar worse? That's all you know. I did not know that's not that Johnson brand They're so fun. I visit it is but I'm telling you that it's it's really good Wow because they do have that here. I'll I'll check it out at Dominion Yeah, I will check it out Roseanne 184 Roseanne you can't top her ass the most of not just Kirk and MTV show ever the nanny though is given her I hell about fight 169 Steve Erko 101 and everybody else after that look at that So three way race well three way race. Well three way two a race you predicted circle with passing both. I don't think so well No, it's that he really kind of hurt me How many Q a m hello? No, yes, sir. There's a lot of schlottomosh Vegas. Yeah. Hey. I don't have an internet access. What's the poll about today? It's about idiots who call ask what the polls about. W Q a m hello W Q a m hello, yes, sir. I want to add one for the poll. Okay. I know you split up a couple before but the Combination the mother dot of combination from Gilmore girls. They're really annoying and She must for the yeah We just started it was not too long ago and we could really use a well we're kind of business We're a 70 radio week care the dog for For you know about it you need some help all right make no mistake about that that's historical That's not like Joel. Oh, hey Joel. Oh, God about it. Yeah The curator dolphins that that's for four and a half many year by the way Team that's two and three and on a way. I'm my prediction is like five and eleven I'll be kind of them sitting on one three more games. I don't know how but I'm staying five and eleven Now last year what were they for in 12? Yeah, yeah, so that's there to make it a little tiny steps You know it's the Sabiterra now. It's your ain't the one step era It's another losing era losing proposition Joel you could make that four and a half been in back If you went out there and sold like a dollar a hour and sold 80 trillion spots He's still gonna make the money back. We're good luck to you and great broadcast by the way How many Q a and hello? Hello, yes, sir. How about the truth? Pressure okay W Q a and hello More working, Mindy, okay, more about it. That mark is a dark. Okay. W Q a and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, for the appol Uncle Leo hello Okay, all right W Q a and hello. Hey Before I give you one for the poll if you see that thing on countdown where he Coates the timing of a chair alerts with battings happening in the administration No, but that's obviously it happens every time for another 40 alert he gives 15 examples and it's so well I've got a I've just probably on the internet. It's done by Ovalment He's a very much like that. Oh, yeah, I've seen that. Yes The show that he changed all the names on MSNBC the key for over my countdown Yeah, also what about go my pile is he on there go more Romer's piles is in six place right now. Oh And the bad news is he still any haskell is good Okay, thanks a lot, probably. Where you're head to do any haskell from leave it to your beaver, right? Okay, that's right. See I'm looking for the theme. I there's no way in the world. I'm gonna find that theme You think I tell you well not obnoxious but very annoying different different poll was a June cleaver Few is aggravating to me. Yeah, and Ward cleaver. They're just the most do nothing couple men just boring Yeah, like much even more boring than Ozzy and Harriet All breaking news out of an abundance of caution. They are closing down both the harbour tunnel and the fourth Dependent the sort of bottom or Baltimore There are a single government source But they have been able to discount the threat information either And the share of the incredible and provided useful information in the past According to the Maryland tunnel authority the harbour tunnel is shut down completely for Henry tunnel is shut down Lane each way so limiting the traffic through that for an I'm sure the harbour tunnel and volumers This is going to show you right all this advanced stuff is coming down and just like last week when it was coming down all over their head Here's another one of these deals. Oh, that's have another terror. I'll give everybody a divert divert Another alert. Oh, we're saying here they likely better when the show yeah Cuz I'm wow or pop power crazy the nerve that they got impeachment ought to be staring by the end of the week is what I'm taking I got this 99 on the poll I'd like to see you get to 700 before I do the break. I sure would like to see that 704 boy they're coming in and clumps now like hemorrhids. You're coming in and big gigantic clumps like grapes You know for years I've been telling you about dry concepts the best carpet cleaning company in the universe That I've used in my homes for over 20 long excruciating years. They're the best But did you know the dry concepts can also save you hundreds maybe even thousand dollars by doing other things for you and during this month During the month of October Red concepts is offering a special on a post reclaning Red concepts can we do in at your furniture at a fresh into cost of replacement or re-appulstering Red concepts will custom clean your furniture according to the peace and fabric note browning no color bleeding no physical damages shrinkage So read your home of all the summer germs and bring your company back to life and while you're at it Take advantage of October's a post reclaning special and had deferred to your clean too Dry concepts for official staff always comes up with the most advanced cleaning systems to do the best for you Dry concepts the only place you ought to think about calling and date route in the palm beaches No rip off no scans are written guaranteed price and a stupidish job every time 1-800-248-5-7-1- that's their number full free 1-800-248-5-7-1 around the wicked web dry concepts.com This is me Rogers This is 5-62 That the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances Turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. market down I'm dying on the hands Do do do do do do Every Day is a news is morning we've got the yellow line at my feet They have something to hide That's how they spend it to make it finddescribeiring legitimate The corporate date say What's going on After you rag the religion of workers Hey The This star Come on! on special rights to one title involved in one before his moments of what said two titles not to say so I'm not a Uno. We believe either one. No. And who don't want to go to Baltimore anyway? Right. The FEMA people struggle to find food ice water even body bags in the days after Katrina a friend of care for punctuated by bureaucratic chaos in fighting and concerns about media coverage quite a memo is obtained yesterday by the A&P. Biggest issue resources are first seen by requirements wrote William Carl while the top team official in Mississippi and a September 30th email to a state official getting less than 25% of what we have been requesting from HQ daily said less than 25% I can pity 50 the members on this score how FEMA was overwhelmed by an unprepared fork Katrina that's why I'll let us talk about the birds flu have no fear your government's work and hard to protect you anybody believe it anybody no to be believe it no the members of the score how FEMA was overwhelmed and unprepared the emails 25 pages and all are a partial response to request for documents by a housebell investigating the government's slow response to the storm and what are how downtown brownie brownie is doing home land security secretary Michael sure to offer his to hear from the house penalty hearing tomorrow. FEMA's an arm of the homeland security department of course as we well know this is flat wrong is what the hitting said five days after the storm had August 29th downtown Michael Brown Browny Brown and FEMA to record email they'd say there had been no action for must to evacuate storm victims using planes that airlines had made available this is flat wrong we've been flying planes all afternoon evening. FEMA to be the director Michael Lauer email that would fly less than 30 minutes later. Not turn to man. Down town like he brown he just was out of touch with everything you know all those people of the convention center you know no not in poor guy don't you feel sorry for no. I think earlier a few of the official a Mississippi we see an email asking for brown satellite phone number so it's senior Pentagon official on the Gulf Coast could call him not here a Mississippi is in Louisiana as far as I know Carl while email back seemingly uncertain on the wear-boss of the government's point man for responding to the disaster. Carl while recently we'd fire from FEMA he retired. Badly in their own difficulties FEMA officials were less than complimentary of Louisiana officials this one has got me worried Brown said in August 27th email is the storm board on the Gulf Coast. I wish a certain governor was from Louisiana and his emergency manager Brown email Craig few good emergency manager and Florida were fat asked to abortions governor a few hours later Patrick Rote he was acting director email Brown I'm hoping they get serious about evacuating the war and they didn't know not in your government in action that's all one word. They saw it. It's your hundredth tax dollars hard to work are we gonna make eight hundred votes by the top of the star eight fifty what have we got seven twenty four seven twenty four we're not going to get to know thousands of this audiences screw off man they are really they're out on guarantee right now they're all in a having fist by said publish and don't forget that new law now it's October 18 17 to anybody tries to get that bomb water and jam in front of you in lives there are has it to your existence here survival if we have a bad hurricane if Wilma strikes on a weekend right yes seven twenty six that is week man that is so lame we have been in no shot holy cow this is well who cares you know so John shall take all the rest of the week and as a gesture of support we'll join him how do you like that that's right they can play some sports yes here's line nine w q a m hello hey you know how you doing sure okay I got a couple for the list about a very long now this is available or anybody from mom is family okay loving you by two anybody from what all the families he was doing well we got to that one why are you saying that he said love is family oh mom is family what is that anybody from like pick a name what you know what is mom is family that Vicky Lawrence show is a horrible show and Vicky Lawrence oh my I think he had a point yeah but many anybody from the list of fifty five anyways you know the most odd not just character not to fifty five yeah anybody on television anybody is there a bit on a sitcom get with it okay and get with this pull man because we're gonna be a source if we don't get to that thousand votes after our really he starts there huh I told you I was a little bit nervous about this today tonight for her of course we can't compete with that big fat real pop and rush now so from now to a clock we're under the gun WQAM hello yes sir hey I'm talking to George last week about this brought on ABC news saying that the implications from the delay in diamond is gonna be huge for the Bush White House and yeah it just shows that they're lost because if the he can't get him on a war and a hurricane and all the other B.S. yeah but anyway uh... uh... teleconference of the truth last Thursday two minutes of exposing that was in the that we're all going to walk yeah scooters get a good yeah and we're all gonna take up the nose anyway and you'll i'm out of a chair it looks at value your savage no came five six seven he's not about her she'll savage for if there's one portal guide that really just well there's several but i mean it just nausea me her she'll savage you know i'm talking about no yeah you do i do he's a jewish but looks like his fanica okay on a chunky uh... he goes way back to the day when the rainy west was still a doing a crap and uh... they may be three mailed porn guys and that's not true he don't know it because you mentioned it along right never would have heard of your hairy buddy right the hedgehog of porn run Jeremy run Jeremy he's everywhere ran you west first we haven't even started yet okay oh no john home's john always famous rest in pieces right uh... that's it that's all you got it's all i got you don't know from her this is a point of your life is really spent a lot of time on proper poor you know matching well anyway that's not good because you're so good all better sheep and start making all kinds of disgusting comments he's your two are disgusting and by way nice job on handling all the difficulties that you and Greg in the beastly's about this into nice work you're really doing it not w q a m hello yeah one day of the other question yes you're going yeah i want to ask about it but it's a governor of missus fifty when i had in sign those ccdos that we reconstructed inland and i want to go what yeah i got a conservative republicans right and pushing it state can't even let the machines go into the power of mutual that's your final seven of man is that a disgrace or what that's a lot of people go out to the like you we got a lot of slots here every uh... tracking on theory was got slots you got your uh... let's see flambler all you got the wood line you got mohawk you got uh... western fair you got uh... uh... trash in grand river and it must be like uh... i would say but turn man all of our theory of Canada and every track is got slots and the first is our great and it's bringing a lot of revenue for the province and of course they are uh... they're doing their thing a full and is money or some part of the nevertheless is bringing a lot of money gives people a chance to get off the street right right they just so you know i'm not sending you the facts about it shows that's what you were telling you all about this morning so you already have even done that i don't care the fact that that article says the america's leading progressive talk about it and shows uh... i mean when i read that at that point uh... realized what we're coming from maybe the uh... maybe the people maybe the forces over season will be really not here it's true to be asked me seven hundred and forty three votes at twelve twenty seven that's like i don't know kind of a touchy when you think we need two hundred and uh... fifty seven by two o'clock two fifty seven rhymes would have an an eleven all brother that is really a little on the scary side we're pretty pretty concerned right now that's it up comes right in there now like when the audio of all crap that there's a lot of crap going on during that moment which i told me tunnels are closing our safety precaution after it's right no date no time uh... like the guest who would say no time but nevertheless they're checking out everything this twice as easy audio nice another diversion because the moment of truth is near talk about your death long president you ain't keep about George you got to go real mile you got to go home because i don't bad all the by but you sure for the quick when it came to sick cherry shavu cube son of a bush is a food your two shall say goodbye that's a tragic while people round you play the round of relaxing golf well he was on vacation raiar and he's another couple of keys that's ever been down boot and no one can't do even prepare for the worst of their own you with the world is you have inferred in the last and go to the on best to get it at a later date that's real bullshit so i think it's a way to once that don't you get locked up so it don't consider you but no one will get blamed like with agent play no hits will roll apart and as for this to be a slap on the wrist and no charges filed what a surprise because you're a liar no one gets fired with each new nest so nobody a new jet toll a slip in the poles that's no problem own ill fix it your spin the she will deal with new world means because that's their job as per usual son of a bush is a foot your two you're in we just don't understand you got love on your hands but one no rain mode on the problem so i'll be there now because if he's can most of us you have no shame oh shame what's that and what's with that smirk you stupid jerk when people have died old so the book be sure to be in peace and we mean from that was all a favor and get them out you're here jackass honey seven oh one they're getting all a friend of now the Baltimore situation in news conference come up momentarily everybody panic oh my god yeah seven or sixy votes i'm in a panic about that that's not good that is niche good you know what no leaf what what happened there we were like rolling right along almost on a pace with yesterday and did this tell of a son like they lost interest maybe when we stopped taking somebody who's really fantastic calls that might have done it anyway do it what what do what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what was close today in other was partially shut down i guess that's a partial alert in order and we're supposed to want the official set was a security threat a security threat the Baltimore Harbor tunnel was closed while the fort McHenry tunnel was partially closed with one way of traveling moving each direction so lieutenant Colonel David Franklin what if he's Kim de Franklin's series of the Maryland transportation authority police the closures were in response to the way threat federal law enforcement officials said the official is book on connished amen and amen because of the sense of the issue did not provide any further information about the nature of the threat it's new york uh from let's see week you're Friday wasn't okay what they was at i don't know i don't know no whatever day it was it's all the yes another federal law enforcement official said the threat was phoned into authorities by personal amen and information from abroad we don't know which broad some broad authorities are skeptical of the claim but are checking it out nonetheless of an abundance of caution the official said the source also spoke in condition of anonymity uh it is the best how about angel landsbury what if they took it on poor angel as you never so afraid train what's wrong with her i'll be sure about it what was wrong with angel landsbury i can get she in no dunesbury i'm confusing her with uh what's your name what's her name from the wifst olandora and who is that the actress yes um it'll correct this more head there you go was that it that's it not that he confused with Mercedes McHenryt who did the uh growling in all the background noises for the x-axis yeah right Jesus you in the hey you too and so landsbury it says here now what who now does that well that's the emissah murder she wrote all all i'm not even say she did not she's just annoying that's a let's talk matlock another old pah more than she wrote angel ago away don't go away man just go away i wouldn't put her on there she's not obnoxious just very annoying we got a story about a nutcracking gorilla oh nobody who calls me the 900 pound gorilla oh right we'll fall buster but nevertheless an infant gorilla in a Congo sanctuary is smashing palm nuts between two rocks to extract oil surprising and intriguing sciences to oh and intriguing there's no word again maybe Greg is intrigued by this he's always intrigued by things you know he was intrigued by the idea of taking the first team off of there and putting some other crap on he was intrigued by the idea of putting sternon and getting us more fines with the FCC he's always intrigued you know he's a real intriguing guy anyway surprising and intriguing scientists who said they have much turn about what corollas can do and about what that says about evolution oh not evolution again you can make picot bastards you propagandists it had been thought that the primitive use of stones and sticks were complicated tasks like cracking nuts was restricted to humans and smaller more agile chimpanzees just to small pansies then in late September keepers at a dianne fosseg gorilla funded national sanctuary in this eastern Congo city of goma saw two and a half year old female gorilla ittebaro smashing palm nuts between rocks in the hammer and angel technique considered among the most complex tool used behaviors how do you like that all right this is a surprising finding given what we know about tool using gorillas dianne fosseg gorilla fun primatologist Patrick melman said ha ha ha earlier this month at his goma office melman said that the finding indicates that complex tool used may not be a trait developed only by humans and chimpanzees and could have its origins earlier in the evolutionary chain among ancestors found about humans at our closest relatives the great apes oh no there they go with that Patrick you and stuff again really pisses me off when they do every time they do that I get aggravated don't you 775 menace audiences barely alive barely ticking 567 0560 I'm not doing took it to a job again in my pile here I've had a couple but you know well when you have all these great calls yeah that's true you got a good point let's get a lot of good calls on between now and two o'clock send it all up for the more mister when we pass it right over to him don't drop it now more whatever you do don't don't don't don't don't don't have any Q a m hello yes I yes you're speaking I do have you have anyone mentioned doctor from doctor queen medicine woman whatever name is dainty work is she bad she's horrible okay and have you ever done the poll for uh work the allergy to ear most annoying reality third yes reality TV star yeah yeah yeah we'll put one name on there Victoria gotty and then I'm a roger I'm a roger that's going from 316 so yeah more than thing ever then that's been pulled idea we'll mark it down yeah yeah yeah people saying welluinely knew Oh, Lord, she didn't be Bobby Brownley smoking has been clowned and is crack black white with me. And I bet she feels crappy got more but then Kathy who was the previous three. On the roads there's no one we all despise. Well she's misprinting proper and no one can stop her from telling her lie. But when struck by her the witch, all she did was cast her face to the road, say to the hell out of the door. By far, oh, this is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628. And hold it. And when they walked out and fowl all to keep a door, they'd come some kind of fruit down. People everywhere wonder what she meant. Five is a moment, don't she like my hair? I've heard that I walk down. I was just up to Bobby Cowboy. He always kept on his chest. Now there is no doubt. There's a season pony. I'll pay him only just so I can get out. Seven hundred ninety one vote. That's about more close in the 800, but we need to be like about what we say 3850 pity. By top of the hour. Have a real shot of the thousand. I didn't think we'd have to fight for this today. I thought it would be like a slide wet off the way whatever. They got more important things like tunnel miles in the hood about the news conference come up momentarily on the Baltimore situation man. Oh, here's more breaking news. Oh, well, that's the end. They're going to that die-tax spot. Breaking news here. The commercial. Yeah. The most upnuscious character for many TV show ever is, Roseanne 203, the Nanny 181, that's Nanny. Steve Orkle family matters one nineteen. That is way down after that. Horst Jack, welcome back cut of 47 mod 42, gore proud 26, Fanzi 25, screeched 20, Mimi from the new Carrie show 17 will Smith 14, Mr. T 13. Larry David Kirby and Thuzia as a nine. Barbara you know welcome back cut or nine. Joey from Frans 8. Oh, he just is he funny? No, is he a can he sing? No, can he? No, no, no, no, no, no. But out of that. Phase from that 70 show six. Dr. Smith lost in space six. Phil Stubbs from Ed six. J. J. Good times five. Balky perfect strangers five. Squakey from the Vernon scorely five. Schlemiel Schlemazzle. Louis from taxi four Tom Bosley happy days for Ray from every relative's Raymond tree. J. Are you in three? Monroe two close for comfort two. Karen from Will and Gay are grace two. Levernd from you know what to Alice from the very bunch one. Maria Henderson brought some people one. Then we got some on here to have none. Daniel from Full House flow from Alice the Wayne Schneider one day at a time. Wayne Schneider. Do you know he had a first name? It was always just Schneider one. Well, Pat Hurrigan. What I mean I is dead. Oh, what was us in the Louis. Code a code jack none and the Lenny from the Vernon scorely at another seven ninety five is probably more than that. We fresh it. Okay, now let's get hockey intensive that'll do it. I still got seven ninety five. Don't you? What do you got? That's refreshing now. Well, how long can it take to refresh? There you go. Same thing. Oh, very slowly very very fondorous man's. I got important stuff here though. Two stories on Harriet Myers. Okay. As the White House renewed its attention rally backing for the Supreme Court nominee Harriet Myers. Her views or non views on a key privacy case compared to tonight more controversy. Oh, my God. Myers spent much of yesterday on Capitol Hill visiting with senators among them. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlin Spector. After the meeting spectrum told reporters that myers since you believe the 1965 case at Reswald versus Connecticut. The landmark ruling established in the right to privacy was rightly decided. But when the White House took his section to Spector's comments, the Pennsylvania Republican release system and saying Myers later called and tell him he had misunderstood her answer. Ha ha ha ha ha. You're following the way this is going. Uh huh. Spector said Myers in the later phone call told him she had not taken a position either. Griswald or the right to privacy. The legal underpinning for the 1973 row V Wade decision legalizing a Bosch and Spector statement didn't withdraw his comments about Myers discussing Griswald with a nor did it offer correction. But the statement said the chairman accepted Myers contention that he misunderstood what she said. Right. Some conservatives expressed reservations about Myers nomination and later back in 4th of the issue of privacy. They lynched pin and abortion rights. Only deep in their doubts. President Bush's nomination of Myers has divided even a support as many of whom it hoped for a nominee with a clear record of being a full fledged car carrying Nazi now. The right wing all look at this unspecified threat checking out vehicle. The second of the second of twice to see who's not in whose nice and who wants to go to Baltimore anyhow. Judgment call. The Christian conservatives receive assurances that Myers would oppose Roe V Wade and a editorial and the Wall Street Journal and the right wing Wall Street Journal. I'd like that. Two days after President Bush announced to hear it, Myers Supreme Court nomination James Dawson of the anxious focus focus on the family. Raise some eyebrows by declaring on his video program. When you know some of the things that I know that I probably shouldn't know, you will understand why I have said with fear interpretation. Labeliev Harriet Myers will be a good justice. Mr. Dawson, 12th of controversy by saying that Carl Roe V. Lighthouse's deputy chief of staff hadn't given him assurances about how a justice Myers would vote. I would have loved to have known how Harriet Myers v. Roe V Wade, Mr. Dawson said last week, but even if Carl had known the answer to that, I'm certain that he didn't because the president himself said he didn't know. Carl would not have told me that. That's the most insentary information it's out there and was never part of our discussion. It might however have been part of another discussion. And I October 3rd of the day that Myers nomination was announced, Mr. Dawson other religious conservatives held a conference call to discuss the nomination. One of the people on the call to give extensive notes which I've obtained. According to the notes to a Ms. Myers' closest friends that's Ms. Myers, both sitting judges, said to me, we would call that she would vote to overturn Roe V Wade. The call was moderated by the Reverend Donald Wildman of the American Family Association, participating with 13 members of the Executive Committee of the Arlington Group, and I'm brought alliance of 60 religious conservative groups including Gary Bauer of American values, Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention, Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council, Paul Wyerick of the Free Congress Foundation of the Reverend Bill O'Lens, a Black Minister. Also on the call, we're just as Nathan Hect of the Texas Supreme Court and judge Ed King K. They Dallas-based Federal Frile Judge. Mr. Dawson says he was surprised that I stayed learned that just as Hect and Judge King K were joining the Arlington Group call, it was asked to introduce the two of them which he considered awkward given they'd never spoken with just as Hect and only wants to judge King K. According to the notes of the call, Mr. Dawson introduced them by saying, Carl Roe suggested that we talk with these gentlemen because they can confirm specific reasons. By Harry at Myers might be a better candidate than some of us think. What followed according to the notes was a free wing discussion about main topics including same sex marriage. Justice Hect said he had never discussed that issue with Ms. Myers, then I identified voice as the two men. Based on your knowledge of her, if she had the opportunity, the police would vote to overturn Roe V Wade. Judge King K said, I agree with that to just to check I can cure. Which he overturn Roe V Wade, which he vote for that? Absolutely. Absolutely. Shortly thereafter, according to the notes, Mr. Dawson and Paul, Judge said he had a leave the discussion. That's all I need to know how to get off and make some calls. When asked about his comments and the notes I have, Mr. Dawson confirmed some of them and said it was very possible he made the others. He said it is specifically called the comments of the two judges on Roe V Wade. Judge King King, to a secretary to find a discussed matter, Justice Hect told me who members participating in the call of camp would recollect to invite a more main specifics about it. He said he did tell the group that Ms. Myers was pro-life a characterization he's repeated in public. But he says when somebody asked him about her stand over turning Roe V Wade, he answered, I don't know, he doesn't recall what Judge King King said. Everybody's got Alzheimer's like Judith Miller, you know what? But several people have participated in the call and from that both jurist stated, Ms. Myers would vote to overture and Roe V Wade. Absolutely. The bad island interpretation of the comments is that the two judges were speaking on behalf of themselves, not Ms. Myers, or the one house, and therefore offering a prediction, not an assurance about how she would come down on Roe V Wade. But the people I interviewed who are on call on the call, perfect comments as an assurance, and at least one based on the support from Ms. Myers on them. The conference, couple of low-doubt proof controversial on Capitol Hill, always attended box rumors that any judicial nominee is taken to stand on Roe V Wade. Ms. Myers meets today with Senator's dying fine stand in California, Chuck Schumer of New York that was yesterday. Both Starbucks were supportive, so surely we'll be interested to learn more about her views. After Mr. Thompson's initial comments about things that I probably shouldn't know, Senator Arland's specter, the pro-road judiciary committee chairman said, if there are backroom assurances and if there are backroom deals and if there's something that bears on a pre-condition, as to how an nominee is going to vote, I think that's a matter ought to be known. He and Ranking Democrat Pat Lehi have a mantra in the subpoena Mr. Duffson as a witness. Some participants in the October 3 conference call, here that's what we call the testified Ms. Myers-Zirings, if the call is as you describe it, never will be made to subpoena everyone on a major year committee staffer told me. It is possible that a tape or notes of the call are already in the hands of committee staffers. Some people are on speaker phones along with other people who listen in, others have been on their stentons one participant told me. Should hearings begin on November 7th is now tentatively planned, during the way spectacle. Michigan specter said he plans to press Ms. Myers very hard on whether Roe V. Wade is settled off. She'll have hearings like no nominee has ever had the sit through Chuck Todd, and her napaline told radio host John Bateller, once lip-abong camera and she is toast. What does it mean to work on 790? If she's your father, her ring's liberal groups may demand that Democrats full of us to her, Republican senators already hesitant to back Ms. Myers after heavy blowback from their conservative based, well, likely, likely will likely will the trigger of the so-called nuclear option. The nomination is in real trouble, once the OPP Senator told me. Now, one Senator wants to go through the agony of these hearings, even those who want to vote for it. Even if his Myers avoids the fellow buster, his Puzzle Democrats would join with this and Republicans to defeat her outright. There are fellow software or reasons for Republican senators to oppose his Myers, and 1987, the liberal onslaught, our Robert Bork dramatically changed the confirmation process. The verb to Bork, meaning the savage and hominin of the story of his record, entered the O'Cabulari, and made liberals now acknowledge that the anti-bork campaign had bad consequences. It led to more stealth nominees with President hoping their scant paper trail would shield them from attack. President Bush has now gone further in internalizing lessons of the Bork debacle, Perry admirers is a super stealth nominee. A close friend of the president would know available paper trail who keeps their cards so close to her chest they might as well be plastered on it. If Ms. Myers is confirmed it'll reinforce the pocket of belief that the Supreme Court is more about political outcomes than the rule of law. I'd like that from the right wing. I've mentioned so who's stepping Wall Street Journal? Nice. Yeah. You go, Harriet, and James Thompson, I'll give you other forbidden right wing in the past. All you figures in. No, come back soon. Very nice. Okay. Only brief the media deal in the press of the South. Thank you. Come on, let's hear about it real quick. I'm going to go some of the notes. Acting with the abundance of caution, the decision was made today to close the Baltimore Harbour Tunnel and a bus stay card. I'm dying. I'm going to be traffic to the Fort Mercedes Hall in the state 95. The decision was based on an ongoing investigation being conducted with our partners, both on the federal state and local side of law enforcement. Transportation authority police have drilled for this situation in the past. We have worked with these scenarios. We have practiced the exact same thing that we began implementing. Yeah, good. We're going to be right there. Part 2 and all over again. Somebody said, Jane Hathaway from the Beverly Hillbillies. Now, since I didn't want to say a true who's that, who didn't? Let's call the lesbian. Yeah, you know, Mr. Drysdale's secretary. The lesbian on Beverly Hillbillies? Oh, she wasn't one in the show just in real life. Oh, I see. Well, put around here. Okay, because that's a horrible show. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. Jesus. This is Ron McGill. For Mommy Mechos, and I listen to that Neil Rogers one of two hours. Well, let's even better than sex with the animals. Boo, Boo, Boo, Boo, Boo, Boo, Boo. The previous presents marked in the score says he's in a long awaited documentary, no direction home starring Joe Peshie as Bob Dylan. Who do you mean I'm a fox and I'm a fox and I'm a fox and I'm a little, I am a muzzle and make you think I need a breakfast from a guitar for you. With a special appearance by Robert Dingrow. Oh, hey, you're not going to have a dog open. What would be a dog, Robert? Of course, of course, easy steak on the seminal moment when Dylan goes on a pay. Oh, my God. Shut up, we all know the whole thing. I don't want to be at home. I'll be at home. First, I got to stop on my mom's house for a shower. That's the only one TVS. That's a good show. That's a great show. That's a great show. What a one at five, 60, 72, I am. 827 Vos. That means we got a shot. Now, now, side shot. That's a long shot. I mean, that kind of a shot. There's a girl speaking about Scott. Well, she makes me ill. Talk about a suck-up. Talk about a real piece of crap. Well, now it's not just a news reader, but now she's an editorializer. She's a commentator. Any a bitch. I see. Yeah. I think Pat Robertson needs to start thinking about her very seriously. 827 Vos. That's a nice picture for me. TV show ever. See, they're just doing this today. They want us to do it real easy. Nothing's ever been easy. Because they know that we're just coasting until Friday. When a book comes up, we're coasting to the middle of the week when all these big advance comes down from a Patrick Fitzgerald. And then we're also coasting until the big blow comes from Wilma. Yeah. Well, Mark Suz-Miramar is speaking to your favorite people of Walmart. Suz-Miramar over rejection of store. Walmart attorneys filed a petition this month against the city of Miramar. Legend of the City Commission aired when it denied a resounding that would have cleared the way for a Walmart Supercentive we built in Miramar. Like, you know what? Cumb and Dread. The petition which answered the Broward Circuit Court to throughout the decision made by commission who says that the City Commission failed to apply the correct law went denied the zoning change. In addition, the petition says that one of the newly elected commissioners John Moore should have been to qualify for voting because he had voted as a planning and zoning board member against the Supercentive. On September 17, Miramar City Commission voted four to one to deny we zoning the Northeast Court or Miramar Parkway in Flamingo Road from a world to B2 community business. Walmart wanted to build a 220,000 plus square feet store. However, however, many nearby homeowners complained that the store would diminish their quality of life on the crease traffic, lower property values, and excessive crime. And not only is that but who wants to be living in a shadow of Walmart or unclean unclean? Man, so how are we doing out here? We're getting a furry on here or what? Because if we don't, it's, well, I guess life is a stand-on three. That's that's a deal. Okay, you've got any one. They're coming in on his man. They're coming in by the ones. Well, you don't have to be there. Josh, let's take a round. Wait, he's going to the Gorschau, too. What time is that? Like 10? No, no, no. Oh, yeah. What? You've got to get ready for the hours. Are you ready for that? Got a nap? Got a shower? You know, you're making your hacks on. Great. A little bit. 560, pound, 560, and the Verizon and the SIGITOR wireless line. Let's get a lot of calls in this last hour because obviously we're not going to make our 1,000 votes. And we're going to be pretty peo to vote it. You know, going to ruin my day. Just tell me to queue a M, hello. Q, A M. Tell me to queue a M, hello. Yes, I have one for your poll. Yes, but. Joey Lawrence, um, Blaco. Joey. Oh, it's gorgeous. Yes. Yeah. So annoying. Alright, well, who was that to like them? Blossom, David, whatever his name was, but they turned out to be like whatever. Uh, Joey from Blossom, that's good choice. We have 560, pound, 560 and the Verizon and SIGITOR wireless line. Well, come as about Goli in the fine job. He's doing the Panther game. You just see him. Let's say we're going to rip somebody. They can't say anything good about anybody. We had one guy yesterday gave Goli a little pan on the back or kind of a squeaky sound when he did it. It's possible that was the only guy that heard it. How are you saying that? I heard some of the last night even played somebody. Yeah, they're taking the sum of people heard it. 831. This, this is a crisis we have right now. 840. Nice. There's nine. There was a nice chunk of, yeah, yeah, came in there. This is like trying to get those carry votes in Ohio. I think that the a dabble people have the thing fixed today. WCQA M. Hello. Yeah. WCQA M. How? Same thing. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want three or four. Okay. I'll go check you for the full house. Okay, thanks. I'll go check you from full house. I know exactly who that is. Now's you any. Full house is that to show that Blacky's on, John Stemos? I don't know. Never watched it. Yes. You better get your Blacky stuff straight now, Mr. Oh, it's straight. Oh. WCQA M. Hello. Good job over a thousand in the next hour. Not bad. Two words. Joan Rivers. Reverse. Reverse. What character does she play? Well, it has to be a cat, Maharoid. Yeah. Yeah. It has to be just because that's what the question says. Yeah, no, it doesn't have to be. Well, just like you decide the change of the pool. Okay. The most obnoxious character from any TV show ever is. Don't reverse never play to character. The I know of an any TV show and a Walter Cronkite. There you go. What about Peter Jennings, Rest in Peace is on? Well, Leslie and the on music down there and hell, I just love that. Play it again and again. WCQA M. Hello. WCQA. Now that was Joel. I know it. Come on, Joel. How you doing? Pretty good, pal. I have two. Rolo from San Francisco and Bob Schiefer. Oh, Rolo and the real step is that you spoke your talk about. Yeah, sorry. You're going to hit that thing. Huh? Well, when was appropriate? I think it has a, how's that? Five, six, seven, five, 16. They're all sitting around and Joel's office. You know, he's passing the phone around. Not by my, yeah. Hey, Joel, guess what? You can make all the calls you want. In fact, the rumors are poured out of your building. There's a lot of strife. This is when they start cracking. You know, when they're all the strife and dissension, they strike you know. Even Stu got his knock in the boss, banshing the boss, everybody who listen. Not a good idea, Stu got. Even though your daddy's got money. He got the money that Joel's that. He's got, maybe they'll be like a awardee cash titans. They cash money or Queens or clowns. You think? 854, we got to get like about, I would say 920 by the bottom of the star. Have we got any chance? Oh, there any show? How would you say? No, come on. 854, it's still stuck right on there, too. See, what you got? 854. At least people were all out there, like I said, buying a bottle of water and sucking up all the plywood they can. And of course, they're all on the edge of their seats. Watchin' to breaking news about the big counterterrorism of, uh, uh, after Darren's mama, they're stopping the trucks. They're checking it all out. They're getting his guy, getting out of his truck. See, what the hell do you want? The tunnel's right in Baltimore. Another one of these phony terror alerts. W2AN Hello. We love the paces. Yes, we do rock solid. W2AN Hello. Yeah, I got one for you, Paul. Yes, sir. Morey, COVID. Yeah, he has plain place lot of characters, right? W2AN Hello. K-A-N Hello. Hi. Yeah. Let's make a call in for the, an option of people giving you food. Yes? What do you got? This is a character from facts of life and, uh, angel for rock for file. Okay. Thanks, Belly. That's fine. All right, bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 0, 5, 60. You know what's to have nothing to say, but they have built in the poor. Let's see, well, I got my one for tomorrow already, is it a builder? Uh, what's yes today? Oh, yeah, actually it is. Well, good. Not a big builder, doesn't it, man? Yeah, it's a builder. Hold on. Where is he by the way? And now that he asked, maybe he'll call right up. He didn't, you hear from him last week and more, while your other, uh, shorter running? Sure. Oh, that's fine. Yes, up. Come in to QA and hello. Hi, y'all, what's for you? Yeah. Gary Cole, what do you talk about with us? Gary Cole and from, uh, what was that show? Different strokes. Different strokes. Very good. Give me a stroke. Come in to QA and hello. Can I have two for your bold deal? Yes, sir. Yes. Mark. Lawrence from Martin. Oh, yes. And one talking to him, rooster. So I won't try. Two good ones. All right. Okay. And then we're going to talk, don't get the punky pie. Oh, see. How many are you parting? Martin. That was brutal. I want to change my boat. You're even okay. See, I told you this, Lambo. That's why we haven't, we haven't reached the heights there in the total because if you would have just told me to take more calls and got all the names on here before like one or clock, then we'd have like probably $1,500 now. And you think, well, I always want you to take calls that you insist on reading those damn boys. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, brother. Speaking of which, yes, what to got. I got 858 is what I got when you get. Yeah. And you put on weights since you've been here. Yeah, that's how much I weigh this. From yesterday's double, hug and buzz dip. Oh, that's what we turned the audience away when they admitted that you need two pints. I hate when you have those hug and days of banana nut. I just, uh, pine is not enough. So just lay off it all together. That's all I can do because a pipe just wet my appetite. They are. And it just fell through the ship and it went into it. Mine nearby convenience store. Like, like, like, how many pints? About 30,000 per convenience. Yeah. Stomgy QAM. Hello. Oh, Neil, how are you? Pretty game good. Great. You know, I want for your pole. And I have a comment for you. Okay. The one for the pole is anything absolutely anything was Bob Sagittal. Okay. Well, he's not with you on there. Okay. Good. And secondly, I want to let you know that you can version me to body wash about two years ago. The better. Oh, no. Yeah. Only idiots are still using soap on. You know, I keep looking at the soap our guys will like dropping it. And lastly, Neil, well, you microwave that ice cream. How long you do it for? Because I've tried it about three times and I keep overdosing. 99 seconds. 99. I got it. If it's frozen solid, you brush it right home in the kitchen and you pop that baby in there. Okay. 99. Okay. Good. How about you know, you probably don't do it that long because you're like, here's quite not if you do it too long. You got real problems. And then you got ice cream soup. And nobody wants to start. He put on the ball. I don't look it in the container because I, you know, you put it in the bowl. Listen, we have a family. We're not buying a little individual plates. We buy a giant. By them a half a gallon and get yourself a pint on the side. So we buy the family sized tubs. And I make a bowl of it depending on how big of a bowl and new can anywhere from 20 to 40 seconds. 20 to 40 seconds. That's just fine to get it going. Oh my god. What if what does that do? It gets a go at its eyes. It's up. You're going. You know, then you eat it around the outside. Oh, I don't want to get in about. 83 votes on here. We got our real pressure pack last 48 minutes boys and girls. We got a lean on it. You know, get the what is on to lean on it. This is going to be our real challenge today. Okay, can the audience answer the challenge? That's the question that people from Costa Code and Pilla de Poz. Oh, I ask everybody in the US. You don't give a crap about some fully damn alert and. No. Oh, that's the damn alert and taught in mass. I sure hope they don't rush out the dog track. When you think of mattresses, you think of Celi pastor Peter. For top son actress Brandon, USA. It's the gold standard. When you think of buying an XC we posture. Pete you think only of dollar mattress. 1 800 mattress. That easy call is the easiest possible way to get you right. Great news. Celi pastor. With dollar mattress factory to write prices. Nobody sells Celi pastor. Pedig for less. Now the mattress carries the areas. Largest inventory with all sizes and capital levels in stock. Ready for same day delivery. Like today for example, you can get a better night. Six starting as soon as tonight. 1 800 mattress is number one. A customer satisfaction and still like always. You choose the date and time for delivery. Any tour window that you pick. Even the very same day that you call with an or was 30 day comfort trial. In your own bedroom plus free set up free removal of all on all deliveries. Two, I've used them for a long long time. You have to be a crazy person to go wasting all that gas time and money. Slip it around town. Custom comparison shopping. What you just make that one easy call. Get the best deal all the way around. So join over two million customers who skip those chains. Toers for a fast, easy affordable mattresses. By calling dialometres. 1 800 mattress. That's 1 800 MATT RES. Leave off the last S because it stands for stupidness savings. This is New Roger. This is 5 16 16 A. Hey fellas. If you're like me and enjoy Daablin and for and affairs. You gotta be sure your eggs has started to leave her satisfied and you protected. That's all you need. Clenton condoms. They're made in China just like my presidency. Clenton condoms coming three sizes. Large medium and jaw stuff inapolis. And you could choose between the non-lover-cated Hillary or the slick Lily. So the next time you're about to commit an immeasurable offense. Remember do not have sex with that woman without a Clinton condom. 1 18 and 5 16 every QMD. Moll my student too. We have mad dog three solid hours today for the seven. Oh right. Any got your pants at the devil's pregame at seven o'clock. Kelly and Reddum Reddum Reddum Randy Moore at seven thirty. Any great. Any great. Eight seventy nine and any too good you know it. If we don't start hop if we don't get to that nine hundred by I'm thinking that one twenty five. We ain't got no shot. And then we don't come back tomorrow. We don't come back for days and days. We just we in fact then we start charging for the entertainment. Eight eighty. NIST GOOD. Maryland trans administration says the Harvard tunnel is going to reopen. In other words, fossilar. Oh, not again. What a surprise. What a shot. Now the last call are inspired me to go into my shower. Not to take one. Okay. But I well I got I have a dozen different bottles. I know that's a kind of a shot to you. You find this great odd and big. I really don't care. A dozen different bottles of different flavors of body wash. All right. I know that's seen silly but I do it because I feel like it. And some days you feel like that one that you like that apricot that would abides. You know right and some days you feel more like coast like coast. Wait a minute. Are you telling me that you just have 12 bottles of just body wash? Well then I also got a bottle of shampoo. Just one kind. Yeah. Why not different kinds of water? Yeah. Why not like 12 shampoo? Because I don't have any hair because I got my head shaved and nice and short. All right. So what am I going to shampoo? I just watch on that tip. No, that's a good idea. No, I see. I mean you don't know. Watch the top of your head. What? You don't watch the top of your head. With shampoo. Yeah. Okay. Why? You don't have any hair. You've got to be dead rough on your head. Even if you got like almost no hair. I have I have real short hair. It's not like I have no I'm not a total skin at but very close to it. And I like it. I love it. Anyway, will you listen to me? I'm trying to give you some good advice and you're like you know did I all like that. So green apple and the. Forget about the green apple quits step. Okay. Down under natural. So if you see these. No. You got to clean down under. What do you watch? But yeah. Down under natural hydrogens. Oh. Now since you're listen to me. I know you're going to like this because you've got to know you're going to be I'm going to like this because you love that one when he said I was apricot brother. This is got red hybrid beads. In other words, it's like kind of like a, in fact, it looks like a flavor of ice cream. Oh, man, I wish it was because I had eaten some on here right now. I'd start drinking this. What does smell like? Not raspberry's at home. And no, it smells kind of like peaches. Okay, peaches. Her. And smells really good. Her. Last, last thing, voice to pre-extored rice skin. Well, not only have I always got extra rice skin, but especially when it's starting with the artificial heat now, you know, up here. Oh, yeah. And it's really bad. I get, you know, the skegly forehead and really dry. So this is great. And it's got the red beads in it, man. The hydro bead. I'll have to check it out. What? But now under natural. They got a whole different line. All right, these are great. I'm going to let you sound under unnatural. You guys that are using soaps, then you're probably also still buying a tracks on eBay. Okay. I mean, get with it. Hey, soaps are falling. Baby soap when I would nickers with pet boon and his white bucks. Get with a program. Jesus. Or here's some bad news. How do you like that? This thing involved a more, again, they're doing this. Security and lots. Thanks Richard. By now, thanks, Dick. Head start kidding me, carrying decisions based on religion says the US House. This is just, uh, positively, unacceptably. It's, uh, the American effin' way, man. Fascism is in. And remember to the new funding bill for Head Start promotes discrimination on religious grounds. I would be like devastating blow to some one-minute low-end comes children and their parents were dependent on the program, according to a large and very close to US organizations. Late last month, the Republican led House of Representatives voted 231-184 in favor of the so-called school writing this act, which we knew is funding for the anti-public pre-school program Head Start. Wide bipartisan support for the military authorization, sued 2011 melted down after the attachment of a politically charged amendment introduced by Representative Charles Bustany Jr., Republican Louisiana, representative John Bonner, Republican of Ohio. The antiprovision law is federally funded Head Start Sen. It's with religious affiliations to higher and higher workers and parent volunteers based on religious grounds. A similar bill approaching a Senate vote doesn't yet include any such amendment. In 2004, Head Start served about 900,000 kids on a budget of a 6.7 billion. Teachers and staff working at Head Start for Rams House and Religious Organizations could immediately be fired at the religion, said the Democratic values add to the group people for the American way. Tens of thousands of already at-risk children could lose their teachers, and Head Start could lose thousands of parent volunteers, essential to be successful in the program, merely because those parents do not share the religious beliefs of the host, federalally funded religious organization, the group sent a statement on the website. You see this is the gling of America, and the gling of America unless you're a fundamental Christian of exactly the right variety and smell the right flavor. You're out. When in death they're going to like phase you out, literally. How do you like, is that a scarier what? This is just like you've found out, Governor, with this faith-based jails and a faith-based faith-based cocaine for his daughter and faith-based booze for the kid. Yeah, they're probably, they're probably prayed a gym beam every day. But how about that billy on guiding life by the way? If we look at it as a gym beam, billy, we'd have cut the crap, get really tired of him. 8.89, and we got a shot or what? I think we're inch-intorted. What do you think, Josh? Yeah, you're nay. Yeah. Yeah. Sons of lies and enthusiasm. That's what Dave Ann Boyn says after Marlons home run. Yeah. Oh, no, he says up up at 8.90. We've got a shot. We got about two minutes to get to 900. What have you got? I still sit down at 8.90, and banded her. Eight. Eight. Ninety. This is not the usual, like you for it. You don't want to say I'm going to put us over the top. They're going to make us sweat bullets to get this thing today. You can relax. All you got to worry about is that hurricane. It's just going to be a category three. Yeah. You're two percent about it. How does terrorist break? I think this is an office space to get you a mine off a Carl Roe and scooter living. And Tom Delay and all these other all of these are all of these things. Here's a story that George liked before to show and probably like it too. I've been Utah, but this is where in a place like that. Some students are wearing pajama bottoms in class. Do you like that story? There's a new fan of students, mostly girls. Yeah, yeah. We're in pajama. We're in pajama. We're only going to the state. Some days you don't want to get dressed up for school like when it's raining and cold. Just want to be cozy said Ben Rulomond, Jr. LVA, Escalante, 16. LVA. School administrators in Ogden, Weber and Davis School District say the pajamas have been modest and there hasn't been a problem. There were worse things to keep good word of school said Ross Lundsford, Principal Hill Terrace Elementary in Ogden. There's a fine line there and I think sometimes we need to pick our battles. Should we get into a tussle over pajamas? Said Ily Nicholas. I mean, if it was good enough for Michael Jackson, we're in the court. Why can't the kids wear them to school, right? Administrative say there are David Drescold struggles with students who like to wear short skirts, high and low cut shirts, gang affiliated to Peral and sagging or low cut pants that show their underwearers. pajama bottoms with an improvement for some of our kids at Ogden High Principal Agentson. I just look at it as something silly. He said, I don't know why teenagers dressed the way they do. Said Ily and high math teacher, Mary Corney. Some students don't think much of the entire. They may be comfy but make sure they look trashy and it gives you that idea and just slack off of it. They said Ben Rulomond High School Senior, Alina Marshall 18. pajamas are for bedtime not school. It makes the students more relaxed and not focusing as much on their schoolwork said senior Tiffany church 17. And Lomond High Junior, Lori Waymont 16 was wearing pink flower cotton pajama bottoms last week because she said they're warm. They're cozy. Ogden High freshman Karen Chacone 14 said she was wearing her white pajama bottoms with blue vertical stripes because they're comfortable. And Ogden Junior High student Jessica Hannah 16, where red pajama pants decorated with black ACVC letters because it's Friday. You bastards. You're like that. Watch for me. So there you go. I guess for easier access. It's great. You know, okay. So what do we got eight ninety six. Uh oh. What did I say nine hundred by what? We were off by like a minute eight ninety nine. Oh, come on before we do the break. We got to get to nine hundred. We can make this. We can do it. We all put our hands together and class bar hands right in squeeze. Real hard. You can do what do you think? pajamas. Three four minutes. Yeah. You still think about that then girls with a pajamas high school girl. Same on you. That's got two daughters including one in high school. Right. Same on you. Oh, look at her. Yeah. I just hear the foreigners, right? Yeah. Just her girlfriends that she probably has for sleepovers. If you have sick with dying palm trees or palm trees that just don't look as good as they should, palm tree doctor can help. Palm tree doctor, where south Florida's leading palm tree experts specializing in saving sick and dying palm trees. In most cases, the palm tree doctor can save your sick palms at a fraction of the cost of replacing them. So job is to bigger too small either. Palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well as property management companies. Homeowners associations and city governments too. Visit their website palm tree doctor dot com for more information including before and after pictures and references as well. You can even make an appointment right online. Don't forget if you've got sick or dying palms the only company one be calling is the palm tree doctor. South Florida's original palm tree specialist call them today. 12 free. One eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred. Mason the garage. You're showing it to a $30 credit. 30 dollar credit off your initial visit just for mention the arad juice call a palm tree doctor day one eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred or go right online to palm tree doctor dot com that's one eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred for the old palm tree doctor when you want very serious result. This is new. Rogers. This is five 16. A. That's a new name. The body of tudo is The world that ever has when death be sure I lie I'll be trained So the break of the fear is the best thing for me In those frippers of mine I do tell their blessings When they seduce me, you'll choose the girl I do tell their blessings A rouse in the rest of their life Finding another half-wide I do tell their blessings Cheering talks and control I give them just an end and hold I'll wait and see if they continue If they despair, God's living me, curse Yes, I can Remind me to read them because it sounds like it's going to be kind of like a glitch Alright, hey, oh, it's probably on the disk But I better read them all 1922, we got 27 minutes for 78 boats That sounds like a heavy heavy did a tall order for this crowd For this little a thar dricks out for a crowd It's all whipped up into a frenzy about Wilma Some big deal Wilmo, care of a wimpy name Can't agree with me, though In my half-in-pluffin blow your house down But nevertheless, what's more important for taking your life and family Or worrying about our pool? No, contest. Yeah, pool I'm 23, they're pouring in by the ones now 77 in 27 minutes It would be a shame to get right on the verge of a thousand And then like fall short We can't do that Yeah, that would be threat That would be embarrassing, that would be humiliating That would be like the book comes out Friday And actually they break a one-share on the other place Oh, that's right, that's what we're looking for A lot of that number in the year And your number is over there Hot shots God, almighty, are they something or what? There's something Yeah, we can't see it on your head, Joel It's going to be, it's going to be, you can say cottage again on Friday It's going to be, you don't care where we visited Oh, on 790 Nice job on those dolphin games, though I'm hearing more and more reports about that We got a guilty look what they got 926, 74 more in 26 There's about a little under three a minute More to be deal with that, what's the big sentence with that If we got anybody listening at all? This thing should go in and out of which It's seeing, I could be wrong See, I guess the opinion they don't even like this pool Don't you? No, I don't think that feeling I get to pay me more They're not that Harvey Keen about a man The most, I think it's kind, unless you never watch television Like I did never watch his movies, because he hates movies That Jackass The most I'm not just character for any TV show ever is I mean, everybody's going to have an opinion on this You got your Rosanna and Anny in a real battle And Nick knows to ask to ask Just like Jennifer Conley, they're doing the old ask to ask routine Well, I gotta see that movie again, you know? Alright, I did not just love it just on over the weekend Was it really what you watch it? I saw it, me too Not really? At the same time, I'll be there Well, that sounds like something sexual there I'll take a one thing if you don't enjoy it If we're at Dream, it doesn't make it through a way Then fills and put down the ice cream Well, it didn't work for me on the ice cream Hey listen, I admitted today I confessed being the honest, sometimes guy that I am When it's convenient Two parts of Hagenas been in a side by each pack And, and even more embarrassing and degrading Admitting to watching a two-hour special on a biography channel Andy Williams last night Now I know what to get you for your birthday Oh, not no Andy Williams music, one of those metal nerds Well, that would be a fall and not get the ball to get the ball to get Yeah, middle nerd You know why I watched it because they kept showing him Like a couple of years ago, this was from two years ago And I hate to say, because he was all right I mean, I wasn't crazy about Andy Williams And the only thing about the only claim to fame was he got the Ozman's on there Feel like that They had Donnie on there quite a bit too, and Marie And they played this, can't get used to it You're losing though, you lost it Andy Okay, that's enough So anyway, he, and he looks at least 140 years old Andy That's, I mean he is good enough there And then they had called me Langeon And I've got two lights here Who? Claudine Langeon Don't know who that is Get out of here He's XYZ, the one that shot the skier of her boyfriend Sorry I'm gonna jump to, somebody behind you have I am a guest You've got to be kidding me You don't remember Claudine Langeon? He was as hot as a frying pan I'm like a lovisa Yeah And actress Claudine Langeon Beautiful, I'm true What's the price? Google it, Google it, okay? I don't know what that movie she was in She shot her supposedly in an accident Who, you know, her skier, skier boyfriend I think his name was skier of skuter or something like that Skuter libbie 931, we need 69 more Can we do it in 23 minutes They're taking us right out of the way They're playing with our emotions today This is bad After we're off to that phenomenal start 935, okay? Claudine Langeon, she's still alive Are you Google it? I'm looking at a picture of her now And does it ring any bells? Well, she probably don't look that good now She's hot, there's no signal right I'm telling you I can't believe you don't know Claudine Langeon You know who Andy Williams is? Yeah Probably because he's in our face all the time Probably from there He is not in our face He went out to a built-in Andy Williams The old Fuddy that he had And retainers go Well, you don't put a Branson Missouri That is much of that used to Oh, I don't want to I heard enough of that last night Okay, I didn't want to hear his music I don't want to hear deer heart and that silly Ahtemium and Seeming See how it is at our face he is? Yeah, you're right Derek, GZack Derek, the Jackson Boston Globe writes Vosius, Slim Flam on a faith What do we got on that path? I gotta keep my anadpole I'm pushing it 935, that's it How are we going to get 65 Oats and 22 minutes? On 938, they're apporned by the threes Derek writes by the time our holy roler And chief leaves office will really be confused about the roler Religion That's how President Bush wants it Starting with his faith-based initiatives that were merely an excuse for Guiding government programs And reason why he's displaced at agenda is bumped up against unavoidable hypocrisy And most obvious is the Supreme Court The first name John Roberts to the court under a massive smoke screen In July, what House spokesman Scott McLean said Judge Roberts has said in previous testimony that personal beliefs or views Have no role whatsoever when it comes to decisions that judges make The no role floor was meant to defend our liberal critics and had as much as possible for them About Roberts' personal feelings and incentives But when Bush's new pick for the court, Harry at Myers was criticised as a lightweight Conservative by someone to far right The White House performed what Bush himself called an outreach program On Myers Village's Bonafidees James Dawson, a focus on the family said Carl Roe, Bush's top political advisor Told him that Myers is an evangelical Christian What tends a very conservative church which is almost University pro-eutiversely pro-life Asked about his outreach program Bush said They want to know Harry at Myers background They want to know as much as they possibly can be for the former opinions And part of Harry at Myers' life is her religion The assertion of Myers' religiosity to boy her nominations Service to highlight an even bigger conundrum Today the people of Iraq vote on a new constitution this was Saturday One that Bush praised in August by saying that a rack will have a democratic country A constitution that honors women's rights and the rights of minorities This conveniently ignores the fact that the Iraqi constitution says right up front That Islam is the official religion of the government And is a fundamental source of legislation Many human rights watches were that such language given how Islamic law sometimes Reflected by men will end up being used to oppress women Thus at home Bush uses religion to hit broadly to supporters who want to do away with abortion rights That Myers is safe for a seat on our Supreme Court Even though the U.S. is in Asia where the vast majority of Americans think abortion in varying degrees Should be an option only 29% of Americans want to see Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion overturned According to both a pew poll in July and USA today CNN jala poll in June The manipulation of religion is even worse given the fatal consequences for his adventures abroad When journalist Bob Woodward asked Bush if he consulted with his former president father about it Vating Iraq Bush said he is the wrong father to appeal to her two in terms of strength There is a higher father that I appeal to last week and then dressed before the national endowment for democracy Bush once again brought me and willfully translated Iraq where no weapons of mine Distracting were found with 911 Hitler, Stalin and Pol Pot in doing so he to cry the evil of terrorists who misuse religion This ideology is very different from the religion of Islam Bush said this former radicalism Expoise Islam is serve as a violent political vision the establishment by terrorism and subversion and insurgency Of totalitarian empire that denies all political and religious freedom Bush added like the ideology of communism Our new enemy teaches that innocent individuals can be sacrificed to serve a political vision And this explains their cool blood of contempt for human life Two and a half years after the invasion Bush has said nothing about the tens of thousands of innocent Iraqis Or a sacrifice to serve as own political vision There's no doubt that the blood of former dictator son of Hussein ran cold with thousands of death on his hands But with chaos still in the streets of Iraq with car bombs taking out dozens of people every few days And a constitution that doesn't even try to separate church and state it remains frightfully unclear what Bush has taught us In the speech on his war on terrorized week Bush had the goal to quote the part of the Quran that says Killing an innocent human being is like killing all humanity the time has come for all responsible Islamic leaders to join in denouncing an ideology that exploits Islam for political ends He said this as a president was exploited Christianity for his own political ends And a presidency that's displayed a cool blood of contempt for innocent Iraqis and democracy right here at home 1946 what do you think about what clotting flooding largely they she thought I looked at her filmography she was on you know, Mikhail's Navy she was on the island 950 you better start reading up on her because believe me you probably do it right now Yeah, you can build two we need 50 votes or we're gonna like have a fifth This is real Roger this is five sixty two days Oh On this and this one to bad taste to new heights now they're taking it 60 under ground in funeral crash Well, there's the Davis family that looks like a classy service to the Iranian families are one that's gonna rock you think It passed up an Irish way it's the drop dead comedy sequel of the year funeral crashers Missed Sanchez we're real sorry for your long Yeah, really So do you have a sister maybe a daughter What's that score we gotta go have a stage five one and Owen Wilson they say we only use 10% of our brain I think we only use 10% of our tier in funeral crashers Still season 10 I'm so into a part of the news. I'll tell you what they didn't listen to this show. We use more than 10% of our brain But turn the man's right. I'll tell you 1961 or all look to the 39 votes in 13 minutes as three a minute That's one of 20 seconds. Is that a lot to ask? No, no, it's that so much. Yes, right. 961 man on this poll today. We're like just itching Jones in for a thousand you could do it put your put your nose in a grindstone man And then grind it so our buddy Steve in Louisville Kentucky ball places and we're so sorry for him for that He says the name of the skier killed by Claudine LaJey was spider savage. That's right. Who some some skiing guy? That was her fiance. Have you seen her at the board to mani? She shot him. Yeah, it was an accident. She's a guy. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, nine. What do you got? I got nine 61. We're going to have to ride this right up to the end. You know what? Well, if we fall short, 1964 we got 12 minutes and 36 that's still three a minute. Oh, God. I don't think we've ever had this kind of pressure. Have we read up to Lee ass in the Never that's the kind that's that's how Florida for you man. Just when you think you got it looked. I'll be able to say is We did it. That's all just one. It's not like him. Wow, did what that's in reverse. I don't think we want to know. I don't want that. Can't you talk about tomorrow? Authorities closed one or two. Here's the update on this latest bogus terral alert. Well, why didn't you hear this, too? The Baltimore Harbor tunnel was closed and the Fort McHenry tunnel was reduced to one line and Traffordian direction. So, Lieutenant Colonel David Frank of the Maryland transportation authority police. The closure began around 1130 this morning. And officers began reopening the tubes. The tubes about 115 this afternoon. I'll have an hour ago. The same thing right now. So, a lot of these tunnels to be open. Said chief Kerry McClitty of the transportation authority police. Now listen to this. We received some information a couple of days ago with a possible threat to a tunnel. Nothing specifics. A carlamacotage. Scroximum for the FBI and Baltimore. Jim Pettit, a spokesman for the spokesman for the governor's Homeland Security officer. The closure is made out of an abundance of caution. How many times have they used that every minute in the last half an hour? About 30 minutes of caution. Onions of caution. I just hate to see the information a couple of days ago. A federal law enforcement official speaking, of course, on the condition of anonymity because he values his life. Said the threat was phoned into authorities by a person payment and information from overseas. The 30s were skeptical of the claim. But we're checking it out. When it now, let's check it out. This is getting really fond of it. Okay. They got this call a couple of days ago. Yeah. And just mitten to rid of as they say in China. All of us said they decided, love it through this month. Well, let's put out a good dog and Tony show now. Well, they're sitting at it for the news that's about to come. They're sitting at it all right. And it's a real pain. It's a real road. 10 minutes to go. We need 36. We're not going to do this. This is going to be very embarrassing. We can do it. I mean, 82. We just got a big slurring. We got a big clump, a big cluster. Like, Royce. We need 18 and 10 minutes. That should be easy enough. Should we do that? Let's keep rebooting and whatever. 93. They're taking us right there playing with us today, man. They're taking us right down to the ass into this thing. It is so cute. So typically South Florida. How many QA in? Hello. I'd like to vote for reference. How many QA in? Hello. We'd like to kill them. You're going to be honest with it. QA in? Hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good, Tally. I got a pair of four-pole here. The noxious Victoria Parkley from the Big Valley. Okay. And how about the silly Peabey Herman? Yeah. Okay. So I got my friend from Tally Ways P House. I mean, okay. And then what's called Tally Ways P House? 983. Let's take a puket this. Okay. Start puket. 991. Oh, we're going to do it. See, yeah. You keep digging me all the way. I got to do it. You're so, you're so negative, man. They put it over. He hates you like poison. I want to listen. When that number comes out, I'm Friday. When the book comes out, and we're number one and men again in midday, which you were on most of the summer. I want him to come in there. I want you to stay up. I want him to kiss go to the next. Right. Yeah. I'm serious. Sure. I wanted to go kissy kissy all over your smelly, hairy butt. In fact, you're going to even take pictures of it. We'll put it on the website. Listen here. It's not smelly. Yeah. Like I said, I want him to, and in fact, if he used that body wash I was so in a bottle of milk, we need all the people to eat apples today. And of course, especially if he's living at the end of the year, like I said, the Hankiest today, how's that going to affect his wild social life? At any rate. Oh, man. That Greg, you talked about a silly guy. He is silly and dangerous. Kind of like your president. Nine? Look at this. Nine hundred and nine. All we did already. This is not exciting at all. See, I want to say thanks for helping us over the top, but it would have been so much more fun to take it right down to the end, you know? And then just like give up and put your pants on and walk out. This is a meal, Roger. This is 5.16. We did it! He is everybody, I'm brown and brown. Accountable for everybody, brown and brown. As a human being, I'm a big disappointment. But I got around those and I know where I'm on it. That was no wrong to do, get them safe. They don't overcomes again, anyway. I did everything I possibly can because you're my support. All the club's plan, all what a job I had as a vector of freedom, when I was more than a wheezes, he's seeming and a clueless son of a bitch. It's his news, brown nose and the bridge. It's his news, brown nose and the bridge. New Orleans is right now in Gondola. But Gondola is a knight that was a heck of a job, and it's your pays off. To be a crown the end of another white base, the Christian Fouling, the national god is down then down. With artists just to get the press out a town, everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is paid, paid over hurricane game, a stop at EEC, for the O'Con, so we shall end to meet a like and giant read public, it's winging through two seasons for our morning team. Grave details for our Lord and King. How will we compassion what we'll act? It's turned to write to Adless Blacks and you descend to Suce, it's a national disgrace that you've never met in the first place. This is no time to blame the game, since we know that the game is a great opportunity to be a great player. We'll see you in the next video. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. We want to thank everybody out there. We went to the world, baby. We did it. We did it, man. Anyway, 2020 votes piece of cake, I thought off a rock like I said, Rosanna and the Satourist race, 233 and the Nanny, 217. Bye bye.