He's particularly good on Fridays. I don't even understand. If he ends in sight. Oh, the end of the week. I'm talking about. Who says Rockland the Burger? Don't say one of our hosts to Griffin and Ann's whoever it is. Is that how much it's the big- Oh, oh, oh, am I right? Of course. Yeah. Well, he's a little bit. What do you expect? You know, speaking of the East. No, speaking of the East. Probably worse part time at the Harold. Maybe delivers the Harold newspapers on a weekend. He has very delighted with a couple of their reporters. I know that. Oh, is he really? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I do that. Well, I can inside like I said everybody knew they did time together. Yeah. That's what I heard. Were you in New Orleans or somewhere? No. It happened at a Johnny Rockland. Yeah. Far beyond for me to snitch. Oh, well, anyway, Dan Lovaster in the booster is tight as a snare drum. So that's why he went up over there. I think that's right. Well, I think that's right. But it's a really good thing. I think that's right. I think that's right. But it's a really good thing. I think that's right. I think that's right. But it's a really good thing. So that's why he went up over there. I think that's right. Well, there was another reason too. And what was that? We didn't do a very good job of going after him. With the lead side shot. You have to go after the dolphins either because even though it's not officially announced yet, we have lost not out of there gone. I can tell you that. I know that. And also the play by play broadcasts will be both changed as well. Yeah. Which is a very bad business decision by Wayne. Yeah. We could have kept up over here. Yeah. But if they have made him at the scene offer, He's at the hour of the meeting. They made him in the water. They made him in offer. He could refuse. And he did. You know what? There was only one person who ever talked to him. And they, you know, Greg never did. No, cool. How can he talk to anybody when he's never there? He's out of this world. He's been invited to wherever he was. Maybe we could put him on a space shuttle. Somebody's a renaissance. What a jackass. But that didn't have to happen. I really know. I like Boog. He's a good play by play guy. But as far as doing a talk show, forget about it. He's a great guy. We like him a lot. But that rock and roll talk. It somehow leaves me limp. You know what I'm saying? Hey, Boog. How's it going? Baby, it's 27. I just, and not a bad. Yeah. So, Yes, you're doing a pupping routine. Yeah. I'm puking all right. Well, you know, you know, the interest of your week got better. Is it when I want? No, it did not. I was. When once we got the yesterday and the whole Jim Boog business and the work part, you know, something I've said it for 29 years. I'm going to say it again. That is that South Florida gets exactly what it deserves. The apathy, the indifference. There's no passion. You know, that we release in the past. The crisis. Mel Gibson wants to squeeze in our money out of Jesus. But there's no passion about anything other than three bees and early brewed dinner. Florida is the most indifferent. It's Lala land. They're just, are not passionate about anything. I had dinner last night with a horse for a very prominent horse trainer who listened to your show. Yeah, Nick Zito. Yes, and Nick said, you know, it's amazing that the brother goes to war. The defend our so-called freedoms. And the other brother, constantly takes away our freedoms. Small Zeyan and Ian and Yang. Yeah. Maybe we can get some of the money, some of the revenue from the last day, a slot, sick we ever get them for a weekend. They do what they say they're going to do. And they don't bring real slots in those squares to be slots. All they're going to look at, it'll be nothing. There'll be no revenue. That's right. The deal is is screw it over the school system and screw it over themselves. And I don't think they're going to let him get away with that. He's he's waffling on that now. This thing is going to be in the court. So I guarantee you. And then, so the other year, we were, and you know what, Neil, it'll be another year before it gets done. I'm not going to be a better nut. I'm starting to score in right for the courts. I mean, Pomp and O'Park was planned by July 31st. They'd be offered one of what was at least a part of it. Yeah. I know what happened. I know how I would be ready to go for it. Quickly put it right. And I'm trying to get your flag Lorenz, Miami Highlight, and Carter could have been ready too. Like I said, nobody cares. Yesterday, I couldn't, nobody gives a craft. You know, you can't get these people whipped up into a frenzy. That's why the politicians can do whatever the hell they want. Because they know they can get away with it. Yeah. And they, Oh, gee, ain't that ashamed, you know. Meanwhile, they had all those right wingers, all those carpet factory's not going to door down in the day county. What are you saying? But I remember that business. Yeah. And then they also just attacked me. We can't allow the big portion of the vote. I'm not letting you vote. All the public care is about as worthy, early burden were the cock fights tonight. That's the day county for you. And Broward doing a stand. I never pinned it with cockfight. Where are the good ones? I'm highly, oh, I can't go there. No, no. I haven't been to highly as since the mayor took as well. And Martinez has hank permanently banned from highly. And he also thinks stop and think about this. Are you crazy? You think I'm going to go in there after that guy who's about six foot ten for just wing at me? Listen to me. Stop and think about this. Highly that went that thanks to John Bernetti being a real slime ball, granted him the ground to put it out of business. You realized that this thing, if I could have put it over, they might have been able to bring back highly. If they would have been thinking probably. I've got a story for you on that, Neil. Can I take a minute of your time? Go ahead, take all the time. You want to take right up to 150 would be good. New York, New York Racing Association. Wanted to run, wanted to get out of New York for a month. They just, you know, felt because of bad weather there. And they approached highly about running a New York meet for one month at highly every mid January to mid February with a lot of grass racing. And through netty wanted so much that Niver walked away from a deal. Now think about it, it accepted that. Remember you didn't accept the extra, he wanted two more days from Gulfstream to continue the rotation. If a mid-day's rotation, well, he ought to rotate. If he had taken this deal, that would put him on one of those big round full peel ovens. And I'm a skit. If he had taken this deal, Neil, he would be sitting there right now and you know, if I had racing, they would have voted for slots. Right. And they would have noticed. They would have influenced that signal of the community. That's the one thing they did. They would have come out and said, oh, see, see, we like that. Just by wanting a little bit. And let me, like I said yesterday, in Havana, back in the heyday of Batista and the mob, they were paying Batista off with enormous amounts of cash. So he would look the other way. And the casinos in Havana were flourishing. Those people love casino gambling. So you figure, you know, just go to show you how controlled they are. I was just, I was just, that was a great line you had yesterday. That's the start. It's the start. Well, I remember in Havana. I took a half a piece of the birthday cake. Did you? Well, everybody wanted a piece. Right. Oh, you brought it in the car. The piece for everybody. Right. Oh, you brought it in the car. Exactly. And how do we put a piece for John Bernetti, two as a matter of time? And Ronald Martinez. Remember how they hung Mussolini and his mistress? Yeah. Yeah. You can see the same thing in Hilly. I could just see the hanging John Bernetti and Ronald Martinez side by each. I can just see that from a big palm tree. Okay. Never, never, never those old, great old palm trees. Most of them got uprooted by that hurricane. Yeah. Yeah. They want to stretch. I've got to, they still got one or two left. They could have hung side by each right from a big palm tree. It's a beautiful place in its day. Yeah. There was. Do I think Hilly is kind of like the epitome of what South Florida has become. I think the evolution of Hilly is typical of what's happened. I don't know. I can't go there. No, no. It'll be the crap body. I know. Hilly where they never met a gangster. They didn't like. Well, my weekend starting now. Yep. Well, you know what's that means? Yeah. Don't lose too much. Don't bet on you. By the way, I guess it's too late. I can't bet on him anymore. I know they're done. Yeah. Stick a fork in and they're like us. They're done. Don't lose too much as weekend. Well, we could have had time Durkin calling the races for a month if I don't take it. I'm taking it. Really? Yep. He has a place. You know, some of you, you can relate to this too because of the time you spent Europe and now in Toronto. But he has a chat foe over some place in Italy. Really? He goes there every year for a month. Wow. I love it. That's where he's going to be. And he wants to retire there. Yeah. I don't blame him. I'm going there in May. He loves it. And you know something harness racing is very big in Italy. Not so much stir braids. Although, you know, Frankie D'A courier is still great. Let me tell you right now. You want to put some money down on a great world-class junkie. Every time he comes over here, he wins a big race. I saw him ride and I went to ask God a couple years ago. Yeah. He's great. One all the rage? Yeah. Fantastic. Well, so we don't want to talk about racing because they don't care about that. They don't care about the slots. They don't care about the education. They don't care about nothing. So we don't want to. They don't care about hockey. That's for sure. What a joke. We get a cut off of revenue. Right. Eliminate date count. So I'd like an investigation. It's been going on. I've been doing for almost 30 years now. What is it that these people care about? What motivates them? It's going to be sized glad bears and talk fights. And Domino is in Domino Park. Well, you have a nice three. Yeah. What's not gambling? Keep in mind. Oh, you know, you made a great point yesterday. Really? What's the time? Who's the head of the lottery? The governor. The governor says specifically said he finally is losing it. He went over the overboard. He says he's against all forms of gambling. They should all be stopped. I thought that would include the lottery church bingo. He says all gambling should be stopped. Including the per mutuals, I guess, which is states in partnership with which it goes to share whether it's really so badly all these years. Or a jackass man. What a fat ass jackass wins by landslide. Get what you deserve folks. Have a great weekend. That's my governor. And lose a lot, but that's weight not money. I'm doing that. Good. I'm working on it. Excellent. Me too. Have a nice weekend. Yeah. Bye. Rock solid. See how the big. Oh. Why do you first do? Hello, folks. And thank you, Ed. What's that? Epic man is enough here. You've seen them lately. You know, it won't be long now. Ah, it's great to be up here in heaven. I'll say it's better than the alternative. In fact, you know, it's so hot down there. Ah. I'm glad you asked that. It's so hot. They're thinking of bringing it lost Angelus. I was always going to be in my life now. Okay. How about this one? It's so hot down there. Who do you am who say asked Hitler if they could borrow a couple of his thumbs? I'll tell you, having a great time here in heaven. Yes, you do. I'm going to say I played golf with Bob Hope today. I'm playing tennis with Arthur Ashen tomorrow. I'm recording some transfer to Posh next to Elbow. Why is it for me? I have to go back to my room. Same Peter, what may happen? Michael Jackson's sweet. Turns out Michael's not going to need it after all. You're going to hope his heart is gone. He's done. He still does. Edman Van though is making a comeback. It's 10 away to 5. 60 WDQA and happy Friday too. So right through in the middle of the show yesterday we had some pretty good excitement there. Michael was showing up in the PJs and the slippers. Yeah, I was just a tease. And yeah, and come to find out that the media finally are catching on. Oh, he doesn't have a bad problem at all. I loved this morning on CNN, which I hated winning and watching it. That Rabbi Schmoelie Boatel is a special advisor. Schmoelie Boatel was on the tell us that he's. And he basically, we just said, is something we talked about months ago. Was in the inquire about all of Pills. He's poppin. He got wrestling ball disease. He's poppin pills like crazy. And so if he looked a little bit in coherent yesterday, he's coming unglude. Is what's happening to Michael Michael. But it isn't pretty good question. What kind of a circus aside, so this guy makes George Edo seem like responsible. Because running a circus there in LA, to Robert de Hellesses. Because somebody shows up in your courtroom was on trial for any serious crime. And they show up wandering in pajamas and so you have them sit down and you continue with the proceedings. I mean, get cereal. Anyway, so we didn't make Booga Bigger for a humper. So I'm trying to keep them in the dolphins. I guess we didn't make a big effort because they're going across the street. I wonder what's taken so long. The word is absolutely positively. They will not be using the same broadcast. So we want to be here and see. And that's just a bad mistake. Especially Mad Dog. I mean, he is the dolphins. Yeah. So I think that's like I told you before to show that that's typical of what's going on with the dolphin organization. They're going to write down the tubes in the turret. The season they had last year, their one-on-state era and the whole all that business that followed it. The four and twelve season and missing the playoffs becoming a regular thing. And that this is the direction they're going in. Into the tank. So it's probably this is well-relews in them because you know, South Florida. Have a couple of losing seasons in a row and it's by-bye. What are we rooting for now? That kind of stuff. Here's our poll question yesterday. The biggest problem with the day-county is that 1642 votes and that's losing an hour on the internet too. Remember that yesterday we had a little bit of a problem. Maybe now now about 40 minutes. What a... Thanks a lot, Eric. I realize it's not your fault. We like blaming Eric for just about anything. If it rains, if it's cloudy, it's air is fall. We will tell you how to tell him. I don't think he called Josh with, you know, with excuses or explanations. No, it would excuses. Well, you know, like, you know, we're just tired of it. That's it. I want that thing running like clockwork, man. Like your clockwork orange. We want that thing grind in a way, grind in a way. All the big bucks that I'm paying to you, I want to keep that thing going. Grind it away, baby. We actually were paying Josh if you buckstool, but because of his behavior lately. Because you wouldn't go out there and vote. You know, if he would have gone to the day-county and carpet bagged a little bit, you could have probably voted in date. No. Yes. If you would have made the effort, if you hadn't gotten some fake ID, you could have gone there in date. You might have put it over the top. You wouldn't, uh, six thousand year best friends. Hey, it's really sad. But like I said, nobody cares. I'm not going to keep beating my head against the brick wall. You don't give a craft. So what the can't you if you lead a horse to water, you can either horse to the finish line, but you can't make him cross it. And that's what it's all about. Nobody gives a craft. Man, it is just, it's terrifying to me that there's just no passion. It's like you're living in the middle of a bunch of lumps, you know? Vump on a lawn. Vump on a lawn. That's South Florida. I mean, even like in South Carolina and in Mississippi, they have a big care about something, even if it's only hate, you know? Now we'll say in date County they do they do hate, but right now there's no particular reason to hate. Although the biggest problem with date County is it's a banana republic 548. That's a little hate. Banana republic, what do you say to that? Huh? Absolutely correct. Nobody's speaking in glaze. 401. No, grade, like too many old right wing Cubans, 324 a day control. They got the keys to the kingdom. Maybe they're the ones who are pulling the shame. They're the ones who are making the decisions in the deals. And it's because the rest of you are like all busy complaining. Oh, gee, those Cubans, yeah. You're all sitting back, bitch in a morning doing nothing. Including, especially dark community in Dave County, which is ever expanding. Man, we got the North Miami Beach and Liberty City and overtime and North Miami. I mean, there's, uh, Alapada, huh? Lemon City. It is dark even if the noon it's dark. And carry me, gave it a very shot, but you could motivate you dark folks to get off your ass, which is really sad because you had a good time losing your money if the slots. The traffic, 159, the politician's 85, the non-Hispanics don't vote. Well, we finally got that up to 59, but it's still a very, it should put another number at the end of it. Like maybe, yeah, should have been in the first place. The non-Hispanics don't vote. They sit back and let a bunch of sorry-ass green tooth alusers make the decision for them. Nothing. They did his grade. 37 idiots said that. 2.2%. Misreloves company. So they're trying to convince themselves. They're having a wonderful life in Dave. And the money here was in last place 29, and that's probably because most of our crowd doesn't read it. And a good choice, finally. Here's the facts. Let's see. We have a guy that the full cow put that over there. I haven't got to that yet. I do like putting the a pull up there early though. It seems to seem to generate a little bit early interster. When he ain't gonna stop talking about race tracks, there's nobody cares about horses, nobody cares about A-bets. Don't forget on Monday. Let me remind him that. Okay. No, that's a tool now. Nobody cares about the pair of mutuals and about horse racing and dogs and a hive. Nobody cares. It's to explore to anyway. It's like one step away from talking hockey. It's like a tuna. Like what are these people talking about? Are they talking in a foreign language? Frankie did to her and my ass. Who are we talking about? 1014 and 560WQA and even. Maybe those meals are scarves. That's a looser. He's why are you showing me here now? Looks like it's like your roast. Now, shrimp for money will roll. Woffered bush and body cows and ice for summer ice not now. That's a f***er. You're happy when she alive. She raised for criminal plow. Woffered bush and body cows and body cows and mine. And she kept me holding crab meat and she raised for five six seven six six six A trout snake and take some breaks down at a boil. I was dead and I was so boy. What's like he's carrying in a full and full swing outside the cat. Body cows and mine. He's having a major score. I bet she's always surprised. He's when the wich he taught. But remember she's body down in aine. We've got a short point and yet more. I've got a lot of children. I've got a lot of children. And now it's just like the magic sauce. I'm a big cat. I've got three devil's eye with four nine on a fat day. We've got a lot of me now. I'm a poor slave. The beauty of the abuse and the engineers list or the shootings in Atlanta. Do you see the picture? The dark and plentiful guys did the shootings. The dark and the light learned. I changed it. Oh yes. What are I talking about? Dark folks with guns. Bad combination. Like water and oil. It's like booze and pills. It's a bad combination. Anyway, my good today's pool. All the stuff. See it's good. We put the new pool up early and we're getting the facts. It's really good. Sineem Arcolysis. The beauty curtain check today with boobs. I didn't you tell me that she'd a nice. She ever was photographing. I was like to say that. Well, I said I never posed topless. Then maybe it's a stuffed photo. Maybe she's better head like a the carnivore. Maybe better head on somebody else's body. Maybe it was her who would be used to me. A couple of big nipses. Matter of fact. Yeah, they're. Sineem Arcolysis sounds awful Jewish to me. I don't know. No, no, go ahead. Name Arcolysis. Anyway, she was born October 1st, 65 in LA. And let's see. Her work is rather limited. Never the one. Dead above the ground. Salt good. What is that? Salt good. Salt good. Sineem Arcolysis. Chairman of the Board. Austin Powers International Man of Mystery. Mad TV. Still young. Mad TV. A few children died inуют and a few boys live in Medesville, island of power. Highland school. The way you want to speak to all theirывает Them. Oh, God, God. That's amazing. You Well, what is here I am? Yeah, right. I can hear you now. Hello, I'm Neil Rogers. A fat fat from Florida. I'm not taking it anymore. Right. First team Neil Mad Dog's headhank. A great day of radio loss. What the f*** holes he says. Alan Coral Springs. I don't know what that means, but nevertheless, what he's trying to say, I guess is once upon a time, we had everything going just fine. And then Greg kept picking up that egg and breaking it and smashing it. And his side is put to pieces together. How many times did I take it at about to pump you up the egg? How many times did I take it? About the third man. So here's the poll today. I like this poll. Thanks. I think your name was Linda. Some lady sent this to me. I'm going through my pile poll here desperately trying to come up with something new and different and innovative and scintillating something we haven't done before. I know we haven't done this one before. Right? No. Maybe I shmit canned her. I guess I did. Linda, thank you or whoever was it sent this in. And the poll is your favorite actor or actor is who made it big in spite of being ugly. Got it? We got it. It's not all that easy in the beginning, but then when you really put your mind Charles Bronson was her choice. Linda's choice. And good one I guess because he's waiting the pack. Seventy for Charles Bronson. He is as grotesque. Humphrey Bogart 45, craggy old very ugly guy. And he had inspired that he was like a sex symbol. Humphrey Bogart, him and Lauren Bacal both very ugly and both actually look the same. Even when they were young they were grotesque. A lot of wrinkles and I don't know. All that smoking I guess gets to you. Humphrey Bogart 45. Steve Buschimi 23 was out of the way. I don't know where that came from. He went on a fact before the show. What are you eating now Mr. Hot Shot? Bacon Egg and Cheese. Oh, don't you remember last time that made you like grab your brains out. Right? The middle of the show. Bacon Cheese and Egg. Five words Josh, I think like staying real close to that other door. But we get a door open for ventilation. Put a meeting the same thing. Yeah. Well like I said. That's not good they are. It's worth it. Like being in church sitting in your own pew. Barbara Streisand 15 James Cagney doesn't cat he bases got 10. You know, cocked Ooty, candy base. Dickman, Dighten, Chris back in the day when I movie misery was out. We could say cocked Ooty. Now we can't say that. We can't even say how do you do. Can't even think it. It has no nine. But number eight Peter Laurie eight. Um, fellow ghosty seven. Boris Carl off five. Yeah, that's right. Even without to make up he was a pretty gruesome. Betty Davis two. Ah, this damn thing just changed him. Move around again. And then we got Fred Gwyn. Somebody says and re-approbleman. They're married. Oh, no, I see. Then you need to be doing re-approbleman. Kind of hard for Fred Gwyn to be married. He's been dead for 12. You right. Then you need to be doing re-approbleman. Should go under your ugly. Pull as a couple since they're married. Can you imagine what their offspring look like? Probably just like what the witty's offspring look like on Pansions for the foreheads like that can't. So here for the poor Fred Gwyn. Herman Monster. He was a really, you really got everything needs all I much make up. That just a little bit. That's what we got so far on there on the pole and you can add to it as you wish. Or not as a case may be. Now somebody called in yesterday about this story and the law and beholder was. Founded after this show. In Tampa and you know what we think of Tampa. A man apparently enraged by a voice-chany sticker on a woman's sport. You tell the vehicle faces felony charges after chasing her for miles and try to run off the road as he held an anti bush sign police said. He told her officers that he just got mad at her so he went after her said police spokesman Joe Durkin. Nathan, no relation to a Tom Durkin. I'm sure. Nathan Allen Winkler, 31, was free after posting two. $2,000 early bond when they on a charge of aggravated stalking which carries an axiom of five year prison sentence. No one answered the phone yesterday at Winkler's home. I want to feast can do a Henry Winkler. But his father, 59 year old John Winkler, said it didn't sound like his son. I know that he's very anti bush. But I don't see him doing anything like that. So be over Winkler. He's the least aggressive person I know. I think it's a good idea. You see somebody with a pro bush bumper sticker on her car. Right. Right. Right. Just run him into a ditch. Or maybe like the guy in Atlanta. It's shooting in a leg couple of times just to change their altitude. Winkler told police about upset with the woman 35 year old Michelle Fernandez. I wonder if she's kind of diesel for an ambulance. See, this amazing. After she made an obscene hand gesture, Durkin said Fernandez was taking her 10 year old son and three year old daughter to a ball field and her four next edition to it. They would be interested in a card. Whatever gestures I made, I made it because I was trying to figure out why he was honking at me and plenty of the sign Fernandez told us same p times. Police said there's Winkler chased the woman's vehicle. He held up a small sign in his knee son, sedan that read, never forget Bush's illegal war murdered thousands in Iraq. I think he's got a hell of a point. Right. Maybe he has that sign with him. So he's prepared any 10 becomes up against the Republican Durkin said. According to an I'm loving call me by Fernandez, Winkler attempted to run a rough busy city streets at one point pulled in front of her. Got out began running to a running order of vehicle. Oh my goodness. He's a fanatic. He's in the middle of the street. He said, I'm not a tape. Oh my God. For that is eventually made it to the ball field where the children fought a police officer and described the car license tag number within an hour police arrested Winkler at his home. Fernandez also said he's a registered Democrat but voted for president Bush in the 2004 election. Another one of those Dixie crats. You know, make police, airzots, Democrats, which we have so many in the South. I don't buy. Especially when they were in Tampa. Oh, I'm a Democrat, but I voted for boys. I voted for a crisis. I voted for not Susan because it's, you know, throughout my alley selling. I bet she goes to Crystal a lot. You're in teeth. She's just the kind of person that goes to Crystal and maybe once in a while, the hearty is, you know, she don't have enough good taste to go to Staken Shade, which I realize the burgers suck they fall apart, but they are shakes are great. Yeah, what is all the game? What about that? What's wrong with hearty? No, there is nothing wrong with hearty. Is it just that redneck sco, there? I don't know. Yeah. You know what they get? See, the good stuff in hearty is like a shroom burger, which I love. Those. They don't get that or like that monster burger. They get the, they get the gravy and biscuits. No, I know what you're laughing about. That's already speciality, but that's what they're known for is their breakfast. Breakfast is with the gravy and biscuits. White man. One thing about those biscuits is that they affect your brain. That's why they people in the soft behave and think and act the way that they do and speak the way that they do in our. Generally highly uneducated, really a bunch of mugwums is because two of them damn biscuits at hearty. I just, if you have a hearty appetite, that's a good place not to get. You want to stay set me up. You want to rush. Yes, exclusively. On five six six. And then there's a... Pride are you rested. Rainbow flags and earrings in my right hand. Am I queer? Yeah, people saw bands there when we are near. Almost fear. We're just living there. Go away. We want to live there. To come on, yeah, you can dance all. When people say those nasty things they do. If you come on, yeah, you can dance all. If you come on, yeah, you can dance all. When we're just dreaming, stress the falling drag. It's so sad. There's one that make us all the bad. Also bad. We're just living there. The way we want to live. If you come on, yeah, you can dance all. If what they say those nasty things they do. It's because I'm gay and that is all. But it's a beautiful heart inside you. Oh, yes, so sad inside you. And sad. And sad. Then 33, 27 before 11 at 5, 60, WQA and we got more Howard David. Here's been have Charles Heston on the set in the 230. And talking about gun control, Jim managed it for and broadcasting from public at 90, 50, and just getting bulletin marked by me. Sure, it's never those man dog at the fruit market. Public, so I don't understand that. You'll be at 7 and an 80K at 10. Now, we had a separate schedule stand by schedule in case you end one. But guess what? They lost? They lost. Oh, I figured that the bit we just played. I just wanted little heads up for anybody out there that buys and described what guys were earrings in their left ear are straight. We've discussed as many a time over the years on the show. And I just want to make it very clear. I hope Josh doesn't have any guys who are buddies. Is there earrings in either ear? I mean, I know somebody with earrings. Yeah. They were two these days. So many, many. Yeah, at least it's a little more honest. We're in two. Because of any guy that wasn't earring is there. He's ready for anything. You know, I mean, he's tribalanced. Yeah, there he goes. That's right. A defendant stole a weapon from a deputy in shot and killed the judge. See this seems to be going on a lot more lately. You know what? I'll have a lot more. How is it that these deputies are so fast and loose with their weapons? When you think it would be a little bit difficult. But a defendant stole a weapon from a deputy in shot and killed the judge at the full and county courthouse this morning. TV reports at a court reporter in two deputies also were shot. Atlanta police spokeswoman Mary and Lee said one person were shot in the courthouse parking lot. Another was shot outside the court. Or reportedly on the eight full of the courthouse. And they showed the picture. They had the guys name boy. They're their website is so far behind. They showed the dark, complex and dark suspect. So that really is tough. Because they seem to do it. Dark folks in guns. They're very dangerous. Volal combination definitely unacceptable. Speaking of guys who used to be dark but aren't anymore. In the most critical day of his trial so far. Michael Jackson heard his accuser level graphic allegations of child molestation in yesterday. After the singer arrived late in pajama bottoms and slippers and was threatened with jail by a judge who was unswaved by his claim of a back injury. And by the way, everybody who knows him will tell you he don't have no back injury. Even smoothie botella. I think there's like saying that. I like hearing it. Oh, smoothie botella. His spiritual advisor. Former. The dramatic entrance quickly pale is the trial reached the heart of the prosecutions case. With the accusative describing Ludur marks an acts by Jackson. Then engaging in a competitive exchange with Jackson's lawyer. After you met with an attorney, you came up with a story that you were masturbated by Michael Jackson. The attorney in time as measure were doing you said. And then attack on a most damaging testimony given against Jackson. The boy denied that attorneys influenced him and he became defensive under the cross examination. He said he once considered Jackson's best friend in the world, but indicated he felt rejected by the star one point. The pop star wearing your coat over his t-shirt walked gingerly into the court. He looked like ginger. After being treated as a hospital for what was described as a serious back problem, resulting from a fall. Jackson arrived. That's interesting because there were two different versions of him screaming about around CNN this morning. No, pitch folks lady. She first said that he woke up and couldn't walk at all. He woke up with a bad back problem. And then what if his other flunky said, Oh yeah, he got up and walked around with it. He had a bad fall. I say. So you figured out. You take your pick. Jackson arrived at the judge Rodney Melville threatened to arrest him in Roe, because three million dollars bail, the judge later vacated the warrant. Jura has only got a hit of the strange courtroom drama. Mr. Jackson had a medical problem. It was necessary for me to order his appearance Melville told Jura's. And he didn't want the panel draw any negative references inferences from the developments. Now somewhere in here I got a heard of it from the New York Daily News today. Inside his few Jackson will commit suicide. And he also heard that from Schmoelberg Otaev, that he's going to kill himself, but that the drugs are going to like. Because his puppet pills like crazy even the Roshy's jealous hood. Yeah, it couldn't happen too fast to make us happy. Michael Roger, oh, this is not from the Daily News. It's from Fox News. He might be one in 10 chance. Michael Jackson's close friends now really fear that he will commit suicide. The scene yesterday morning of the court hasn't sat a Maria's convinced people who ordinarily did not say these things. The Jackson is in serious mental trouble as in like that. It says here he makes Greg Reed look same. One thing is for sure the combined pressures of his financial parallel and seeing his accuser on the stand of undone Jackson. As Burton Cummings and a guest who would say, he come undone. My insider says he doesn't have back trouble. It's just some claim he's making it up. But he's definitely in pain. He's creating it. Jackson's published his Raymond Bane and just a Jackson called his lawyer at 515 yesterday morning to tell him of his severe back pain. But I can tell you, right Roger Freeman, that Jackson also made other calls to a variety of people. It didn't sound like he was in pain. He sounded like someone who'd been up all night and was a friend. It was like, uh, tough when he was doing the dump buttons on the Howard Stern show. Do we have that thing? Yep, I don't know what it's called. That sound, I don't know what it is. What we got this stuff. Good off. This instant. We got that. So anyway, believe what you want. Okay, let's take a couple of calls 560, 560, 560 and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. WQAM, hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. A meal. Yep. I just wanted to thank. First of all, the rated happy anniversary. Oh, thank you so much. And all the records we stood. The big friendberg at the, the three party. And he said, uh, Neil was great. I said, I was listening to him all day. Yeah. He was just great. He was just great. But he was just going on class too. Yeah. He was just great. But he was just going on class too. Yeah. He was just going on class too. Yeah. He was just going on class. Oh, this is the guy that sounds like Bob Lincoln. No, no, no, this is the guy that sounds like Bob Lincoln. That is. He's not staying. Stay doing. Our criminals. Stayed with him. This is stay more timer. Back in the old. Get out of here. You know, yes. He must be covered up in a phone with like, uh, soccer, something. Yeah. But disguise it up. Get out of here. Okay. I thought this guy, whoever the hell is this is the most boring pond with stuff I've heard in my life. When you stop, stop it already. Go away and stop kissing my ass and stop what you're gambling obsession. Okay. Get yourself some mental help before it's too late. Oh, he's elusive. I'm 16. I'm 16. Yeah. Oh, what? What? I don't even know how to name it in his own. And at least I put it in my ass for Asians. Oh, no. Stay away from me. I don't even know how you have children in. They're about, hello. I want your take on Jaypebe. Oh, Jaypebe. Is it great, could have I kind of good you? I like Jaypebe. Uh, well, not the legend. He's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah. He's going to be given what you say here. Oh, good to thank you, ma'am. Oh, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. What? I have nothing else to say. Oh, about this. I was the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am. I'm right down the street, ma'am. Oh, yeah. Oh, I know. I bought a waste of. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over to break house that. I'll give you one of my old tentations. I'll stop that. No way. That was the only call that we had. The things I know is growing again. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Wow. That's the thing with you, ma'am. I don't know. That I can say. And around the building, ma'am. You walk around. And you go, ma'am. And you go, ma'am. And that here I don't see. Around, ma'am. You silly and me. You got your happy son. Wait to buy your toys. I don't know. I don't know. What's up, kids? Stay. Almost every day I die. And my pain is really start. But tomorrow. I had to know. And the door to door is going. Yeah. I'm full. I've got four on a pack. And I went home, home, home, home, home, home. I ran to the old bar. And then I go back home with my bullies. And how did you find that door on this bed? And I used to have a spare lamp. Really. Oh, no. That's a thing. My bullies. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. 10.45. It's 5.16. Give him to kill it. And Jesus, Clint Howard for the pull. He's runhowards brother. Always play small roles in all his movies. He looks like a shorter uglier runhower, but he's in a time-of-right. He usually play interesting or bizarre characters. He's a freak. Yes. I'll also use a movie last night. What about Gary Bucey? Okay. With those teeth. Teeth. He is one of the ugliest people that ever said put on a face in the earth. Yeah, but he's got big teeth. Well, regardless, with or without the teeth, he is growth-tensk, you're amusing. I'm not sure if anybody or like him or not, but that's a give it a shot. Also, J. says I'm 31 of had both ears percents. I was 50 and I'm not playing. I have a life you know. Seriously, it's not that uncommon. I know that, J. I just say that to aggravate certain people. Like Josh, make them under about it. You wondering about it, Josh? Not really. Yeah, you are. Love the show, keep up the 50 cent story that they. We don't have no 50 cent story day, J. But starting on Monday will scour desperately to find the 50 cent feeding story of the day. Well, we got the shooting in Atlanta. That'll have to do for today. Triple shooting. Let's see, speaking of dark folks, how about Wesley Snifes? That is one black son of a bitch. It says. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, he is that. Well, he's dark. There are some black folks like Malcolm, like what's his inch of arm or yes. It was back on that show. I don't watch that show the iron or anybody but it's not like right before the news. I'm global at five thirty every day. So I see the ass end of that show in last couple of minutes. And Malcolm is back. Well, I know he's got the corn rose. Oh, that's over. And what? Huh? Yeah. I know what I bothers me more. Dreadlocks or corn rose. Huh? Well, similar. No, no, similar but not a match in a board goes back. And he mores than that is ponytails. I am just not a ponytail kind of guy. Just leaves me limp. Yo, it's like George Carlin. I mean, George Carlin can get away with it because he's a 60's kind of guy. Yeah. No, he lost that 20 years ago. No, but I'm saying he could get away with it because it matched his whole ambiance. But there are some people now like like what a grave or for example. What does he need a pony tail for? Even your buddy Jeff Coney used to be my friend, even he knocked his off and a pony tail too. Remember those days when we were good buddies with him? Sure. But then your buddy Skippy got involved and then remember got open up a big mouth. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. There's nothing worse than people with a big mouth. You know, stirring the pot, smoking it's one thing, stirring it's another thing. Oh, and here's an idea for a future poll. Let's see. We're feeling good. Oh, that's a good one. We had done that for not in a long time. They would drop in like. OK, let me put that in my pile poll and thank you so very much for what that was. We got to spend Howard. We got Gary Busy. Yes. Case you two in the light. We got a very important poll today. Who's your favorite actor or actress who made a big and spied a being ugly? Really ugly. Sure. What's all that chaos doing in Atlanta? And he has ever encountered. He described the court's alert. The court's alert could also adopt the court's report. And they can cook these and brownies for the jurors, a very special woman. In fact, they brought her a thank you part today because today was expected to be the last day of the trial. In describing Mr. Nichols, they said that that's Brian Nichols 34, 61210, Big Good Dark Eye, who waited judge and two other guys for a few other people or fighting for their lives. Because the crazy people would guns that's what it's all about. So he did take the deputies going on an old furnace. Let's see, here's the facts from Louis and Chetner Githeta, see listening online. Thank God for Louis and all the other people listen online. You know we get over a thousand people listening online every day. You know that? Yeah. Right before the election, we had over 2,000 a day. But now it would be like 12,13, 100 every day. It's pretty good. And if anybody knew about to show, we'd have a zillion people listening online. Of course, once we get on serious and I'm serious about that, there will have like thousands and thousands of people listening all over in North America. And they'll be seeing what follows this all about. What kind of crap is this man, apparently? I don't know. What good fortune for those in power that people don't think. That's equal from eight off Hitler. These are some scary, scary days, is Louis. And Louis, I'm going to tell you why it's really scary. Not only because of the kind of thing that you wrote there because we're reliving it all over again. Because this time the public just isn't given crap. I'll say that during Hitler era it was the same thing. During WWE 2. The only people that when they started carrying is when the bomb started falling in their backyard, then they started getting real nervous. Other than that, they knew what was going on over there. They just didn't give a crap. As long as it was somebody else who cares, maybe those people need to do good show anyway, right? Time to clean up their act. So anyway, the poll today, I just got through Sandwich. We didn't know. Your favorite actor actress made it big, big, big, big, big, uh, it's fighting big ugly. Charles Bronson 78. Humphrey Bogart 54. Steve Buschimi's got 45, which he's doing extraordinary, are certainly well. Danny DeVito 22. Barbara Streisand 19, although we did love Danny DeVito in Cook Who's Nest. Yes, Mr. Mancini. Barbara Streisand 19. James Cagley, 14, who never did say, what does it see? Sports are said, you dirty, right? Are you doing anyway? Never said that, never. And also, what's his name? What's his name? Humphrey Bogart. No, not Humphrey Bogart. What's his name? Never said, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude. What's his name? Oh, man. Oh, man. James Cagley, 14, Kathy Bates 11, Dick Van Dyke 11, and asnery 11, vet midler 10, Peter Laurie 9, Boris Carl Off 7, Velonagosi 7. And for both of those guys Carl Off and Legosi, wasn't it for a two-adestate they were ugly and looked very bizarre. Like monstrous, he was here for the makeup one on. That's what made all that money for him. We are pro men three, Fred Gwyn 2, Quinn Howard 1, none yet they just went on there and I loved the way we were spelling Gary Busy. Gary is very busy. Well, give a call and see if he's got a cup of minutes for us. Gary Busy, D-US-E-Y, what is with you, child? Like he carries. Well, maybe he doesn't dare, maybe that's the problem. No, I do, I'll fix that right now. No, you don't. Why don't you admit it, you don't care? Why don't you just admit it? We're honest once in your life. First of all, we like you because you don't care. You fit right in with you, I am. But I do. Like ourselves, the problem of fatal care, they want me not to care. I'm not capable of caring. That's my biggest personal failing, is I have the inability to fit into QA because I refuse not to care. Like ourselves manager who's a real slacker. If you look up to slack on the next area, you see his picture next to wood. There he is. What's his name? Cliff. What's his name? The salesman is your Curtis Curtis. See, you're really off your feed today. The other day you came up with one from, I don't know the bottles of your existence, some name. And now today, easy ones. He's a very great, a very, very justice. Wow, wow, wow, that was a shocking. How many minutes did he work at I would be? About 30 minutes. About half an hour he worked there in this guy. Remember him? He's an, you know, an incident. You know, an incident. I met him one day. I met him one day. He's, you know, it's never met or getable. I met him once. Came in. His came to fame was about 100 years ago. He worked at WBC. And then don't call me old. But 100 years ago, I worked at WBC. Well, for 100 years ago, Larry must be an old coat. And like you said, he wasn't even as old as I was. And when they asked him, he filed these lawsuits for age discrimination. Oh, God. Give me a break, Larry. The fact that a matter is you sucked on here. That's why they fired him. Just to one of those things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. And a very singular Friday. I just, I have to admit that it's my biggest failing is that I just can't stop caring. And I, you know, and that's not a good thing. That's a bad thing. It'll be the death of you. If I could, you're right. If I could just be as indifferent as these bastards here. Curtis and that whole sales department already talk about slackers, man. Talk about people that they don't want to lazy way out. They just don't want to do not even, whatever is 10 steps below lazy. That's our crowd. Oh, copy. Oh, just cash to check. You know, luckily next time you come in there, you nasty, smelly bitch. You just wait till you hear the reception you're going to get for me. In fact, when I'm down there, it very soon as a matter of fact, I'll be there for a week doing some shows. I just can't wait to see, Berkeley again. So I can go after, right after, I'll put down the whole, I'm a shitty, we've got sitting there. Might as well get some use. Man, you have got some, some excuse for not doing your job. Okay, it's real easy when some bogus agency, and believe me, like I've told you for years, everybody is so full, it's got their own agency. Even Todd Drex got an agency. Oh, yeah. So instead of writing copy, what they do is they take some of the piece of paper that was sent the facts to them or email to them by some quote unquote agency. And then they give it to us here. Make magic with this. Life you ask with this. Now, which one does well? And that's it. And if you say, well, after weeks and weeks and months and months, how about some copy change? How about something new and different and exciting that might motivate somebody to go out and subsidize our clients and give them some business and make it worth their effort advertising on QAM? Just click the check to the bank. This kind of check. Ah, ah. Berkeley, you are the epitome of what's wrong with WQAM. You are as indifferent as the day is long. You are a sad case, honey. Let me tell you right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, you know the rest. WQAM, hello. Hello, me, you. Yes? Hey, you're doing it. Okay. Are you ready for your fall? Uh-huh. How about a james horse? Oh, god. What a perfect choice. That is how strong. Oh, god. Man, what is it? Oh, thanks. Thanks a lot, Tyler. That's a good one. James, what's happening? We're getting about that easily. Why? Why is that? Because I can't stand it. I know that, but that's one of the reasons we should have thought about it. Because this is not a complimentary poll. This is all, although there's some of these people we like about it. Just happen to be ugly. With some of those can't help that, you know. We just were born of a reparence. You had some bad genes. Now, in my case, I had two of reparence, but the difference being, that's they both are to 90 plus. So, on one hand, I might be around a long time, although I doubt it. I might be, but on the other hand, I just, unfortunately, as soon as you learn how to not care, you might be about one. Well, I really don't care about that. Oh, I don't care about that. I do just fine. I fumble my way through life. Just fine. Believe me. First me. Take my word for it. In spite of it, which is a pretty miraculous. But when you have a bubbling effortless personality like I do, that's just a compensate for a lot of things. Cats, you tell her, here's a great story. Speaking of the cats, are shooting it up now. We had the two head of cat yesterday. This is in Vates Township, Michigan. I have no idea where that is, but I sure I still don't have it. I've lived in Michigan for 12 years in Marshall and Albeon and Detroit and Sturgis. Sturgis, Michigan, there's a place you want to avoid at all costs. So, I've lived a great restaurant with good planchowder there. Oh, man. Don't you love good and liquid planchowder? Yes, I do. It's in a hotel. I can't think of what it was. Sturgis, Michigan. It's right across the Indiana border there. I lived in How Indiana. How? Cheapy. Oh. Vates Township, Michigan, a man cooking in his kitchen was shot. After one of his cats knocked his 9mm hand on to the floor, discharging the weapon. Michigan State Police said, The were those Michigan State Police, man. Joseph St. and 29 of Vates Township and Iron County. I have no idea where that is. Was shot in his lower torso around 6pm Tuesday. These state police posted an hour and river reported. He was transported to Iron County Community Hospital. Now, what was the beer that the used to advertise on the Pirates Cames and Pittsburgh that big beer in Western Pennsylvania. Is that in? Is that in Iron City? Yeah. Remember that? No, you don't. Before you were born, Bob Princeton Jim Woods on the Pirates Cames. Iron City, they advertise all the Pittsburgh go. Anyway, that's big there. How do you know that? Well, I know the beer. Oh. Oh, you know your beer, Mr. I'll tell you that. He, I wits you never drank though half gallons of iced abroad though. Like I did when I was a Michigan State. Yeah, I'm actually a guy. I did. That's the way to do it. I used to love iced abroad. None of the care. Michelle said, I know out of a big bottle half gallons. Michelle said, a spokeswoman in the iron river hospital said, I mean, the day before being transferred to Marquez General Hospital for further treatment, but Marcy Miller, I represented it in the market facility said there was no record of the hospital receiving a patient by that name. You gotta be honest. So the cat's traffic guy kind of like, I mean, in a very backyard way. But I guess in a cat'sews, it would probably be in a bizarre way wouldn't. Probably. When you think don't forget, we got more Howard David and two o'clock this afternoon. Bell on the go see will be his guest at 245. Four of the seats at Neil Roger. Four of those are going to go out on five six. Two o'clock. This is the Neil Roger show. That's just your brain. What? Any questions? No. All the world loves that cloud. So this April Fool's Day, this radio's vision is going to make a fool. Well, other you. That's right. We're going to turn you into a laughing star. We're going to give the color when you hear this star. And we'll get your pants down around your ankles. Tie your hands, but I your head. Hey, this is my lead page. And your butt cheeks and lock you out of your house. You'll be the son of a titular in no time. You remember they're not laughing at you. They're laughing with you. With you and your butt cheeks. Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools of. Since they've already done quite a good job. Make the fools of themselves every day on the air. Employees who have the less wish to drop the pants and tell them to encourage to do so after the Administration. He and April Fool. He's listening for your chance to win. It's 11.01 and 5.60. WKM. Go for a second there. Got scared with that website. Just to crack that for half a second. Here in the name of the spring says, I realize the polls for your favorite actor that made it just by their looks. But I'm afraid these guys may not make the fool. I see. Well, why not? How can you say that all three of the people he's got listed here are people who are outstanding actors and a lot of people. I'm sure like a lot like Lee J. Kyle. I would change my photos matter. If I could, which I can't. I lovely J. Kyle. He was a very craggy ugly looking guy. But he was a great great actor. Great. Not good. Great. Steve McQueen. That's a clean wasn't ugly. No, he got old but that happened. No, but Steve McQueen was not ugly. Jerry, you're a little off your feet. And James Coburn. Uh huh. That long. James Coburn wasn't ugly. He was kind of a distinguished looking guy in his day. He was a really good guy. He was a very craggy face. So one of the things that Steve's pretty free even PD rose didn't hit that even little PD rose. Who's the fact that says let's, unless anyone forget it for more graphic example of the similarity of Britson Germans. Oh, he had a Britson Nazi same people. It was the British that invented the cons. And of course, uh, George Herbert Walker or press got Bush that whole bush family. Nazis. It was the British who invented the concentration camp. It would round up Afroconers during the Boer War if they turned the last century. Together they bore Fiders families, the Africans and sympathizers and placed them conveniently in one place. The Germans into a lesser extent the US perfected this action during WWW2. Well, I did like that. In fact, I think it was an American show with called concentration with two downs in our chains. Yeah, and the board goes back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, they're sure making quite a did do one of the core reporter died too. So now it's two days in Atlanta. Oh, I thought they had him. They're still looking for Brian Nichols. They're still alive. Oh, I thought they had him. They're still looking for him. Poor house and still 50 to 100 or so gathered here. Well, just look for a tall dangerous looking dark guide. It would be real easy to find in Atlanta. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in, leave horizon. Ever been to Atlanta? Yeah. Yeah. We've been through there. Don't waste your time. Never lingered. Much into a button. Nothing. Much to do about nothing. WDQAM. Hello. Oh, yep. Yes, sir. I want to see what I just did. Go ahead. Give me your hand. Think it into the hole. Oh, he was his ugly, his face could stop our clock would stop big bend. Nice. Okay. Did you meet the ranting? Hey, can I do that? How mean? Yeah. I want to have a chair got that. Yeah. I think I do. I thought I want to stall around here with these themes. I love the way the themes happen. I think everybody likes that. Even the audience is very difficult for please. Oh, yeah. This got you doing. I think it's a bit of a big deal. I think it's a bit of a big deal. But, again, but. I would not tell me it's not on here. The Jimmy Durante show. There's a Danny's helmet show and the only co-bath show. Danny Tammas is really ugly too, but nobody knows who that is anymore. So, Jimmy Durante even though he was on his Indian years ago, I think it pretty much everybody knows Jimmy Durante. Because who else would say, hey, good name to do. Right. Book a bride. Yeah. Book a bride would say that. Often does. What's that one bit that he's got about. He does stuff that I don't know if anybody appreciates, but he does stuff like, it's just amazing. Like, that last bit we were playing only moments before about Adam Noidoid. Yeah. Who else has got an warmth in our mind to come up with something like that? Oh, he says Del Rey, Danny. I mean, Vodka Bryant. It was, thank God, we still have from Apollo, you know, with that idea of having some guy with a little nickname making up to this. Kind of like a J.A. Murriffa. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Great show man. Yes, sir. I like it a lot. Go ahead. I got a couple people to add to the pole. Go right ahead. Take your time. Don't be in a rush. Mini driver? Oh, Mini driver. She could drive me crazy. Uh, Jet Lee. I don't know how he can ever, I don't know how he can even be on screen. He's horrible. He's horrible. He's kind of. And he's true. And Donald Sonnellin. Wait, he's really, really, you're right. That's a good one. As kids are really too key for you. You keep right all like you. The one of them. Although I saw key for some of them. I'm hoping that was pretty good. I just don't know what it was. I talked about it a few weeks ago. It was okay. Did you get that movie yet? I just got through Tony Ball, whatever. It wasn't. I forgot already. No. You didn't get it? What's that movie? We just tell you about the other one. With the Tom Beiringer. And Mike, I have to go on the other one. The DVD. During the break. Oh, it's a piece. Oh, here's Kitty Carlisle. Is that a watch my line? Yeah. Oh, watch my line with the John Charles Daily. And Kitty Carlisle. And Pupi Compo. And the soupy sales. 560, 50. See, it's one good thing about being old. The bad thing about it is that the grim reaper is the grim reber is waiting any second to take your ass away and stick you in a re box. But the good thing is all of this crap that all these pumps don't know anything about the only problem is they didn't even know. They just look at you and say, oh, geez, what an old funny dirty living in the past. And of course, we don't really care because we realize how limited their life experiences, even though they are getting a lot of action. 567, like Josh there. He doesn't know any of these people we're talking about. Do you know Jimmy Durani? Not really. I mean, you would recognize him on the screen if they should put his nose on there and they're the rest of them. No. Oh, see? So you have no idea what that's all about. Incident, you do. Mrs. Kalabash, could like wherever you are. You know what that is. Believe me, you missed nothing. 729, hello. 829, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello. 629, hello. 727, hello. 就算是好人? 728, so 729, those are the local employees. 929,music is most possible. 729, so 729, hello. 729, hello, hello. 729, hello. 729, hello.umbles. 729 I am proud of you. 729, hello. I loved you, thank you so much. 729, hello. 739, oh my God, 6 bonito farmers Oh is very good. 7 CRNM, hello. 732, hello. This is as you wish and I truly want to share your story on web phone lunch party. 8 $20 each since you have as share- nugget. to make me drive off the road. Yes, I agree. He's like a slightly darker James Woods. Yeah, and the second thing is I meant to call you back in the game if February we were in Toronto and we were at Eaton Center and on Young Street and I was thinking about you and I just never could arrange it because we were up there for job interviews. Right, never could arrange one. Say that one more time I just said you never could arrange it. Well, I couldn't reach you because our interviews were going on the same time to show with Ellen. Right. And so I couldn't take time out from the interviews to get a job. I love it. You're very important but the job is one more important. Hey, and no question about it. And we are out of here, out of self-floor down on, I think it's August, the urge life is deep and we're not coming back. Where you going? You're promised you're going to drag on the yard, you know that. We're going to Alabama and we're going to Alabama to eat just for two years and then we're headed to Europe. So what's your role in our life that you was in? I don't know every time I say eat to people faces fall and they go and some kind of a pyramid scheme if you say that. Well, this is true and we won't be seeing the pyramid but it won't be a scam. It will be listed and they're given a housing. It's a great deal. Great opportunity to remember. And we're going to be in Europe. We're thinking of any one of the former Communist countries who does a pass abroad, eventually hitting Italy to teach and then we're probably going to wind up in either Prince Edward Island or Toronto to live for good. All right, excellent choices all the way around. Good luck, eh? You too. They can't deal. I'm not bad. There's a lady with her head on straight. I can't believe it. That sounded very inviting, you know? The fog and Budapest. You know, they're very close together and as a matter of fact, next year that's in my itinerary. One of my big European vacations, if I leave that long, if I'm still around if I don't succumb to the Gregory disease, I'm definitely hitting Prague and Budapest. Budapest is becoming like a wild, a hysterical, a kind of like Amsterdam, like city. You know that's no. I'm close to Sheria once you move the shackles from some of those people they just go, man, I don't know. I like that. I like South Florida but they just stay. They just sumped in the air, man. Like a thunderclap Newman said, there's something in the years. Those old folks and the old Jews and the old Cubans, they don't watch it and enjoy your life. They want you to be as miserable as they are. Pull over hate and despair and it's just it's an unfortunate thing because you're a lot of nice people there, but they generally like this lady. She was a sweetheart and she's getting out. When it's out, get the hell out. Yeah, that's our motto if you're in South Florida. When in doubt, get out. Before it's too late, before you become one of them, like like speaking of Donald Sunderland, like the body snatchers, he came out of them. Yeah, they ended the movie. That's my favorite. That's been on the lot, Levy. I have no idea why I'm screen TV. I wonder what's on screen TV right now? I don't check it out. The Dave Mars into the Dave Mars Invading Earth. I wonder what you're at this movie. I think 62 L.A.F. on the concrete. There's a little something for you. Here on the drive-in movie channel, here's vengeance. Starring Bird Holland and Tiger Joe Mars. I wonder who is going to Joe Mars Junior, you think? I just love all these channels on my digital cable, but I don't want to get into that because it'll get somebody we know very upset, probably Todd Dreck and we wouldn't want to get him upset. Now what's that with the name of the movie with Tom Beringer again? Please. I don't know you have a phone. Well, I don't want to forget it. I just got through watching it a couple of days ago. It's very good. It was about the guy that has the car accident. He loses his memory and all these twists and turns and the tries to figure out what it's all about and his wife, Flathe, wanted to say that he didn't think. It's worth it. During the break I go and check it out for you. Anywhere, poll today, your favorite actor or actress who made it big in spite of being ugly. And there are a lot of, now another we're making this list to come to realize, there are tons of these guys. So you used to be the idea that, well, unless you're real sex pot, unless you were real hot looking a babe or some really classy looking guy like Kerry Grant, you know, or Marlin Brando, you had no chance. But guess what? So far Charles Bronson 89, Steve Bushim is moving into a second place that with Humphrey Bogart 64. And of course the age factor there's, he will help Steve out lot. Right. The suit of Humphrey Bogart. So that was like, old Fargo was on again last night. Was it really? Yeah, I watched it again. Oh, huh. Was on what? Showtime HBO set about for those who know. I did the same. Oh, he's a little guy. I didn't have any books. I was just all in the one with that. Let's see, they need to be to 36 Barbara Streisand 25. Can't be based in James Cagney 14, same person. And as near 14, pick that guy to 11. I'll just do the double digits and betmiddlers got 10. I'll meet people who made a big. So I'll go to show you because most of you let's face it most of us are either ugly or like, you know, fairly, non-nonscript, like George is like a non-nonscript, like, medium. Right. He like he don't look good. He don't look bad. He's just there. A lot of people on the building are too happy. Yeah, you're generic. Generic human being. Now Josh's case. He used to look good until he got in that picture on a website. Now he's starting to look a little upbeat up into shovel. It's probably this show did it to him. He used to look a little bit better. Not great, but, you know, yeah, I've been stressed since I've been on the show. The stress from that place will absolutely do. In fact, by the end of this year, you'll probably look like a Gabby Hayes. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear from Bush. I don't want to hear thearks. Oh no. You are next. Oh no. Bezu. I don't want to hear from掰掰. Oh no. My father says... but he is Zach. I wear a mask. Depression is dancers. Maybe I want to hear from Bush now. And we need to get the mask lol We need to get the mask lol Go, go, go, go, go! So, put the soul to Joel on your Gio. What the James Brown home secured the system? Oh! You'll say, I'm here! I'm your one hole. It's 11.32 and 5.60 WQA. Morgan Freeman, somebody facts his scissors, but ask, I'll be. Is that me? I don't know, whatever. What? I mean, he's ugly, but he like, you know. And William DeFoul looks like a gargoyle. Yes, sir. He's all with that. He does. Definitely. Now, here's the facts. Rescending the obvious. We promoted all day yesterday that Mul was going to have Bruce Willis on a tooth 30 because most daughter works for Mayor Max and they were plugging the new Bruce Willis movie and Yani Yani Yani. So, here's the facts that says, hey, I don't know if you heard about the Mulman had Bruce Willis on his show yesterday. Now, didn't hear that. Said he was sucking his ass pretty good. I guess Dave Fiedler got Joel, so Mulis going to have him on today. Kiss his ass. P.S.D.D. County blows. Rescending the obvious. All of those things were a well aware of, okay? And you, Fiedler, is going to be always the Motor Savanoon who's going to most favorite football team to jets. I guess Mul can finally admit that now. Now, that he's not going to be doing the dolphins, no Mul. And they're mad at you. Now, Steve says, I live in one of your favorite cities. Nashville, Tennessee, have a great weekend. And you two, Steve, have had some possible little of Nashville. You've got a lot of Nashville. Oh, man. Talk about in-bread, man. It's Breast by Ted. It's in. I got a good column here by our good friend, my good friend. You don't like capital, blue, but I do a lot. It's good. I was saying that I have no, I'm not. I started, but I don't know. Doug Thompson, the rant, he's the publisher and founder of capital Hill Blue, which is a fine website. They don't like Democrats. They don't like Republicans. They just basically don't like Crooks. And they don't care who's the guest they go. He writes, proves paradise. Panel Louis, a children in 61,000 elementary schools around the US, of the new. We are family animated video cartoon Thursday. And the world as we know it did not come to an end. No report surface of 6 and 70 year olds coming home Thursday night and telling their parents they were gay or denouncing heterosexual lifestyles, as predicted by James Doffson, a head of the homophobic focus on the family foundation. In fact, the animated music video that included SpongeBob and many cartoon characters submitted to kids did not reference sexuality at all, even though Doffson and another homophobic right-wing nutcase group, the American family foundation claimed it would, in thousands of span emails to journalistic organizations around the world. When reporters actually had watched the video last night, American family foundation about their unfounded claims, the group backtracked and issued a news statement, while the video itself does not overtly promote homosexuality. It serves as a hook to entice children and teachers to use the website and the materials there such as a teacher lesson plan, which explicitly promote the homosexual lifestyle. Horsesmith, I watched the video produced by the We Are Family Foundation, in partnership with the anti-difamation league, and it does not show other organizations. It was a cute little music video using the old disco song we are family, to say people should learn to get along and live together, nothing more nothing less. But the approars all too typical of the fear-mongering ignorant images of control our government and the political agenda in this country, and rely on the ignorant lout to follow them. Earlier this year, education secretary Margaret Spellings, another tight-ass, puritanical, Bible-thumping appointee from homophobic prison George forced the public broadcasting service to the N.F.A.S. animated series postcards from Buster because the lead character Buster to rabbit visit the same sex couple in Vermont. Many parents would not want their young children to explore to the lifestyles for trade-inist episodes, feelings wrote, and led to the present of PBS, the network which depends on government funding to survive, cave-in, and pull the episode of course. Such censorship and repression is business as usual for the Bush administration's jack-booted approach to anything it deems, immoral, illegal, or fattening. The Republican party that controls the White House and Congress is overrun with homophobic racist, bigots, and prudes, so sexually repressed they couldn't get laid in a horror house if somebody else paid an advance, which is probably because most horrors wouldn't screw such low-life for any amount of money. The repression reminds me of a line from George Carlin, ever noticed that a woman who's opposed to abortion is somebody wouldn't want to F. Anyway? These people are obliged to threaten any chance of an enlightened society, scabs of repression that must be picked if we were to have any chance for survival in progress. In perfect white-wing world, gaze would be committed to metal institutions, blasts of effect of Africa, books and movies would be subject to review and censorship before release, and every woman would be a virgin before marriage, and that marriage of course would only be to a man. They fantasize about conspiracies from all directions, the media, Hollywood, teachers, even within their own ranks, everyone they feel is on to get them. Such paranoia is often found among control priests and repressive types who feel they must force everyone else to fall into lost-up compliance with their own neuroviews. It's not all that different from a version found in fundamentals of Islamic societies, communism or Nazi Germany. The conservative fruit takes our correct about one thing. There is a massive threat to the future of this country. It's a spreading disease that threatens to devour everything that was once good about this nation, a rotting cancer that eats at the flesh of the body of politics, and may well turn America into a putrid decaying corpse of a country. The threat is real, the threat is serious, and the threat comes from themselves. The treason is right-wing demigods who have taken over our government. But he's good, you know? Damn good. They're good. They're good. They're good. They shouldn't get laid in the strength of our house, so somebody else paid in advance. Kind of like Robert Creeper. Oh, sorry. Oh, here's a good one, and just recently passed to the other side, is up there with Johnny. Here is Rodney. Rodney danger field. I bug I, Rodney. Well, they don't come to me or maybe you didn't, Rodney. Carol, Connor. I guess what was he ever but he's not ugly. No. Okay, Carol, Connor. He is bunker. I think she's got a name. He's a king. What is her name? Gene Stable's. Gene Stable in right. I wouldn't have thought of that for some reason. No. No, no, no, no, no. No. You know, don't diss下去. I'd run a shot. Well, she's not diagnosed. He's got a great actor's, but she's not ugly. Oh, the guy who played Norton on the honeymoans are a carney. But this guy's all over the place. He's got some good suggestions here. You're favorite actor actress, his men says, Bush, why is it accurate all right, either one, that actor, but not for the poor. The Wikkin's, that or your big Wikkin fan, you know it, bad news, the Wikkin's can't have a sales tax exemption in Florida because unlike other religious groups, they don't have a permanent meeting place in a Pills Court has ruled. The Wikkin religious co-op of Florida sued the Florida Department of Revital on Halloween 2000. On Halloween, no, I guess that's appropriate. Arguing that it was wrongly denied a tax exemption. The Orlando based Wikkin group plotted on exemption to sell religious items and publications without having a chart sales tax like other churches. It was originally denied by the Department of Revital because it didn't have a physical place of worship. Love the qualifications for the exemption. A three judge panel of the first is the Court of Appeals of the Pills of the Ruraliness Week in favor of this state. In a twist, the appeals panel ruled the Wikkin's can't legally pursue the case because it's a religious group and would benefit from a tax exemption. The ruling raises questions for other religious groups say judge Robert E. Benton a second who descended in part. Does this mean a synagogue cannot question a legal leave using public money for a question? The Court House, if a star of David didn't solve he wrote that. The majority opinion discriminates against organizations because they're religious. This is not in keeping with our traditions. They said, a revenue department spokesman said the agency was pleased the Court resolved the case. Attorney Heather Morekrop said the group is considering whether the Wasti appeals court to reconsider or apparently Florida sued pre-incorred. Wikkin's follow-in earth-based belief system or religion according to the Wikkin websites. They generally consider themselves to be witches. The co-op had about 250 members statewide in 2000. Every time we do our religious fools, we got a bunch of Wikkin's out there in Australia and said, you're like you're there right now. And I don't know which one we like the best but they're out there. That. We like that one the best. And that one over there from passions we like who are the best. And yes, what's his name? He was the father. What is his name? What's his name? What's his name? The Kemp? No, that's precious. 20 till noon if I you better get with your passions that trivia man because you sure know no credit. You were listening to Neil Runch's exclusively. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Give you pet. But we are going to give you a dream very crazy. Imagine. I think it's the vacation of your dream. So speed attend the color when you hear this sound. And we'll send a hypnotist to your house and hit my guy. You and his thinking you went and I really great. They gave him. It'll be just like being the during dry all the same things. And looking on your dream, they gave you. All do the amazing powers of it. You are getting very sleepy. We'll even do it in your own backyard. So you can get a little sun while you're at it. Remember, if you think you're really going somewhere. You are dreaming. This station accepts no responsibility for any after effects or kicknows such as believing yourself to be a chicken and talking every time you hear a bell ring. In the event that you've do end up believing you're a chicken. This station isn't titled to all eggs you produce as said chicken. Dream on. Dream on. People listening for your chance to win. 16-Dolona QAM. I'm the best case scenario. Slot machines in Broward County would like to raise about 300 million for public schools across the state. Legislature is chief economist of the house committee yesterday. Soon of course if they would have passed it then that 500 million they were talking about just do the math. It comes right out to that. And they're best case. But then number of conflict rate wirely depending on how high it takes legislatures. Slot on a machine. How many slots are allowed in each of Browards for peer mutuals? When slots can operate? How many better is a slot to them? And what type of machines are allowed? The amount of money in dollar estimate about half of what a man anticipated is slots are approved by both they and Broward. It's based on a 50% tax on 1,700 machines and Gulfstream Park. Hollywood, Graham, Papa, Harness and Daniel Highlight. Papa, however, is already suggested installing up to 3,000 machines. Sounds good to me. Oh, right. Clearly by five or six for me. Amy Baker from the economic arm of the legislature told members of the House Business Regulation Committee that while it might sound attractive to put high taxes on the machines, there comes a point of diminishing returns. Go over 50% she warned in some of the venues could find themselves in bankruptcy or just deciding not to participate to lay out. And despite all the campaign in relative Outsides to member in Lies Tuesday, Governor Jet Borschen some of the hostlies only started suggesting Wednesday, only the day after it passed is another way to try to subvert the will of the electorate. That the state may want to redefine slots as class two machines, those airzots Mickey Mouse machines currently used in travel casinos. Video a lot of returnables with that bingo thing, which of course are playing bingo, not real slot machines. You can't suddenly call an alligator or lizards at Jim Horn, former state education commissioner has been the chief spokesman for the first lot's campaign. Our side was always very clear on what it means. The wish twice this week has said he doesn't think anything in the constitutional amendment passed by voters last November. Prohibits to state from limiting Florida slots don't need the lower classification of machine. What whether that happens or not remains to be seen he said yesterday, my position is that here's the best. Here comes the best part from your fat ass governor. I'm going to underline this and with a Freeman. I'm going to staple it to my ass. My position is that I'm against gambling in all forms, but I'm going to let the legislative process work. Yeah, right. Now this nasty rotten fan asked son of a bitch. He's against gambling in all forms. This is the lottery head. This is the Catholic who I'm sure is very much in favor of church bingo, the board again Catholic. And all of the studies against gambling in all forms. Meaning we've got to shut down all the tracks, all the peer and mutuals, the seminals of course. We've got to like how about another war against the Indians? What do you say? Take away their boson arrows. They never deserve to be safe. What a pile of crap. Speculation is growing that bush was still involved for his Indian tribes and their attempt to establish a gaming compact with a state. It's hoping to stay off full fledged because he knows on the state symbols and macasukia reservations by limiting what the Indians can offer. But assistant attorney general John Blogue out told a house committee earlier this year that a slot machine is defined as a class machine, a real machine, like the ones in Vegas and a ones in Atlantic City and the ones in Woodbine and the ones that the Fort Irina ones in here and there. He suggested that state approval of the constitutional amendment that allowed for two days to stop representatives gives the green life-rending casinos the seek-loss biggest style slot machines. Either Glowgower or attorney general Charlie Christ. Yeah, Christ is expected to appear before the house business regulation committee next week to answer questions about classification. Oh, brother. Just unbelievable on that worst part of it is that nobody gives a flag crap. Okay, that's why Florida is in the condition that it's in right now at least South Florida. That's why people are keeping schlephid to Orlando there to see Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck and the same swill they've been peddling for years of their god. You can't complain about the tourists in South Florida because other than the French Canadians, the frogs who are coming back because they're Canadian dollars and not so much the Canadian dollar is strong. The American dollar has dropped and by the way thanks for those low gas prices Mr. President. Thank you, thank you. You're here. Oh, is almost 135. I'm looking at it right now. I'm reporting on business on my cable TV. 135. Whoever heard a section. Paul, you read. Fat man. And what about the Canadian dollar was like 83 cent yesterday, but that's bad for me. That is so bad. Do you have any idea how bad? No. Real bad. Oh, how come they're not looking at the pound is almost two bucks. One ninety three. The English. Oh, 83.06. The Canadian dollar. I'm going to shoot myself. Holy crap, Mr. Bush. Mr. President. And if those South Koreans and somebody else decides to start dumping American dollars again, the party's over to Game is over man. We're done. When you live on the rest of the world's money, when you live in this phony baloney debt, we're not going to go into it. Because you don't want to think about the right wingers. There is no dealing with it. So I'm talking to a brick. Here's a facts from Rob, who says long time list there. Recent transplant to Philadelphia from Tampa. Originally from Dave County. Thank God I left an 81 move to Broward. How about Danny Trejo? Who is that? Never heard of it. TREJO. Danny Trejo? Can we even say that anymore? Who is that? I don't know Josh is Google it. Are you Googleing it? TREJO. Danny Trejo. Well, thanks Bob from Philadelphia. Look at that. He was on the Allegheny Avenue. Philadelphia. I'm not hearing this. It's a dress or a lie. So thanks Rob. Mark says Allen Arkin is telling this. Hellen ugly is F. Okay. This really belongs on the full. Why you write about that? Also, this really needs to go to lunch. Go to lunch, George. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? In conclusion he said. I went to him. He says regarding this week's selection. I counted numerous people of Ode against the shots. For the soul reason had to be good for South Florida. They wanted to screw South Florida. Even though they live here will never leave. Nice. But typical. It would be good for South Florida. And they're just going to stick it to him. In conclusion, I hope the brand New New York J.A. Feether comes into pro player stadium which had pinning to and hurt and throws for six hundred yards and eight touchdowns. I hate to just have a great reason hope they go to in 14. Suffering through another Friday morning in the city that had marked. Well, good luck to you, Mark. You'll leave it. How do you like that? People who have owned against it because it would be good for the community. And so there for. He's our nasty rotten filthy disgusting people. There's absolutely nothing wrong with South Florida. They're good people transplant wouldn't solve. How many years have I gotten to tell you that? About 30 men. A people transplant. That's what we need. Busom in. Ship a man. Fly a man. I was going to say swim a man but we've already had enough of that. The Senate passed. Just like I better take some calls. Because they're going to get started in a silly. Right. I got a whole pile here, man. I got piles. Big fat ones. Dominic, you weigh him. Hello. Yeah. Can you tell me 20 bills? Yep. I got three for me. Do you have three for me? I got three for for you. Okay. What do you got? I got her. It's good. Oh, good one. Was you a Donald? That I see none of that. And. Don't not. Three. A two good one. Sensible. I've got a lot of money. Okay. So like I said, there's three for for you. I just want to overwork Josh Cortester because the work is not an Isol vocabulary. I know. Other than when he's doing it in Marlon games because he gets paid the big bucks for that. We're not paying enough to get him off his ass. So if we ever suggested like screening the calls again or something like that, he would. That would be paying him enough to get him off. That's what does it. So what do we got so far? Your favorite actor or actress who made it big and spider being ugly. Boy, is that something all these names Ernest Borgna and there's so many. I just ugly people, but really really ugly. By the way, both of Brian, if you're ever going to send me any more of those wooden Bendix life or rally ones, how about three or four years later, you know, when Junior's more than like 13 years old. What? Well, no, I mean, he sends me stuff. I just, you know, I figured out a call yesterday about what's in the J. Not J. North. Luke, a helping. Okay. Oh, yeah. He was a 15, 20, 12 year old, but you've given over to what's his name, Michael Jackson or the weather furry. Miss Kamal. Charles Bronson, 99, Steve Bushimi, 77. He's going to give Chuck over run for his money. I think. Humphrey Bogart, 71. Danny DeVito, 48. Barbara Strice, said, 28. Kathy, bait, 16. He's great though. James, Kagney, 14. Ed, asner, 14. Dick Thundach, star, 11, and bed, mid, 10. And also double digit horsepower off 10. Everybody else has got a single digit. A digit by the way is a finger. We're not a great line by ABC music. Thank you. A digital, Ruck, examination. Digital, that means with your finger. Oh, brother, that was just a second. Wow. ABC news. So I watched five sheep for last night. I'm sorry to say. Yeah, that's definitely for the show this morning. George and yours truly. And I'm so sorry. Now we appreciate just how the tentable was to have Danny Boy, and I'd rather have Danny, rather. I'd rather have Danny, rather. I'll tell you. I don't care what anybody says. And of course, the right wingers, they blew him off the year. They shoved him out of it was really a tempest in a peep pot. And the essence of the story, like Doug Thompson wrote yesterday, was absolutely correct. But don't confuse the public or the mainstream media with the facts. You didn't check it thoroughly. It danced to the height of these got to take the fall. And of course, there been a lot of people trying to shove his ass out of there for a long time. But when Bob she for at the end of the news case went through that song and he thought, well, Dan, rather, was legendary and while the cron-kite and you know me, because I've been around for years. Yeah, you've been around for years, you old troll. Even at public, you won't find bags bigger than the ones under his eyes. Do you know what's that? Oh, my god. At least John Roberts, sort of like a, like a news guy who's like contemporary, like living in the same century. Bob she for worse like an old troll. You look up old troll in the dictionary. Next to that, you'll find my picture and Bob she for. Yeah, but as he was sure, we're big. Yeah, they sure were. Good, god. He is just unacceptable. And he fumbled his way through the reading of news and just, you know, week. I can't wait to see the ratings on CBS TV news as long as they keep his ass on there. You won't be able to, it's kind of like ours in this last train. You can't complain about him because we don't have any. I think that Doug Thompson, the one I read before the rant from the day, about the King, giant, everything. It's kind of like QAM. You see, we're consistent with America, you know, used to be great. Now we're kind of like a, the dying, the king crumbling giant. Thanks, Greg. Welcome to QAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Is this a quote from women too, right? Sure. How about Sarah, good just a collector. Oh, she is nasty. And can L.P. Cruz. Okay. You have a time like you. All right. Thanks. I'm out. Can L.P. Cruz and several kinds of Jessica Parker, two very fine choices. All the who the hell, who's going to like her though? Somebody might, all of a sudden, you're favorite actor actors who made it big and spider being ugly. Somebody will actually like her. I can't imagine why, but I guess her mom, nodded out it. She's got a face that even a mom could hate. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Just tell me the name of it. Right. A blueberry one. Oh, that's it. Okay. Well, there's a bulletin for this offload of these, a voice and berry animal. That's a bulletin. Well, maybe we can get one such very shiver once they find it aside that. We'll know where to stick to two. Right, though. Okay. Because you got to have a two, but you're going to have a good animal. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. How about Arnold? Arnold is a good one, man. He is grotesque Arnold. He is a character of himself Arnold. Grusom. And he's against steroids. Don't forget about that. You won't listen to Neil Rogers. Listen to him. On 560, he's in M. This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax. I have a mare Magdalene massage. My balls. I listen to Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. I've been gay. I've won the boat. Okay. Maybe this is done. So we've been boaters didn't care. That I've pitched all their pines. The people of California. They like be a lot. How about five stones? Just like they might not have a few. I'm going to explore lots of pines. Oh, right. I am the Kowler. Is too different. So bad. Did I do not have a clue? So there is a lot of things. Another time. I am the Kowler. Everybody. I am the Kowler. You like me. The Kowler. That's why I become a Kowler. Oh, God. There he goes. Neil, can we travel? One at five. Six to eat. I'm happy Friday to eat. We've got more than half of our dividend. And his boyfriend, J. Feele, and now in New York. He's the same thing. Another favorite team is the Jets. Now Mad Dog is four. Oh, right. And then he's broadcasting from public to 1950. This game, full of our money. Sure. Go in there and say, boy, we sure are sorry that the often screwed you over. Although the good part of it for him is he's still going to get paid. What a scam. And I love those deals. When he get paid for doing nothing. Y'all be at seven who's getting paid for not doing much and any K10 o'clock tonight. That's our schedule. We don't have you in the basketball because guess what? Well, we don't want to rub it in. Do we? Didn't they lose, guys? They did. They lost. The reason that all the green tubes Cubans vote against the slots is because it did not include Highly or racetrack. I was talking about that with the hopper this morning, Tom. Also, there was nothing else on a ballot in two years. I hope they also include Highly on a ballot and have the vote on the day with other stuff on a ballot, even if it's for dog catcher. There you go. And of course, if it's for dog catcher, we have a lot of our alpharizes and martinisis and Rodriguez and Gonzalez on there. Then some people will come out and vote for probably the wrong ones. But anyway, that's a good point. I don't understand why they didn't. That would have like even doubt for per mutual facilities in each. What's wrong with? Well, the only problem is Highly is not operating now. And I guess they would have to like start it all up all over again. And there is no horse racing there. So I don't know. But it's really unfortunate because I think that would have made a big difference. Right. If they if Runei wouldn't have destroyed it and they could have kept that thing going a little bit longer. That could have brought that place back to life. Right. Who needs the horses if you got the slots? Well, no, but you can't. Well, I don't know. I guess they would have a simultaneous casting there. Right. Of course, that food was your good there last year. Last year or two. Who? Man, you talk about the Green Weenie. Here's a facts from somebody with very bad scott. Scott says, you've got to be an old-farter member of this guy. But Richard Boone was, but I was going to. I'm going to old-farter member Richard Boone. He was the, huh? Got a cauliflower nose. Yeah. He was always an MS. Richard Boone. He was, well, who did he play? By the way, did you look up that other thing? Yeah, I don't know who it is. It's not on there. I didn't get anything. I googled it. Well, Google Richard Boone, because I wanted to know the name of the show he was on. The big TV show, Richard Boone. How other year? Was he Paladin? Was he? You think? I don't know. I've got to travel like the facts says. Yeah, that's probably, oh, I see. But it may be no confide the theme to have gone astral. Well, if I would have finished reading it, but I didn't. I've made more say. Let's see if I got it. I just probably won't. I hear a bunch of westerns. What do you think? I'd have to see sitcoms, cartoons, prime time drama drama. I don't want to wish a lot of time with this, but it sure kills some good time. The untouchable 77 sons that strip green hernet, Secret agent man, we all like Johnny Rivers a lot. What am I looking for? Have gone, have gone, we'll travel. Waltz is one of the four-word of color. Screw them. bunch of muddaconis. Ted Max original amateur hour. He's going to be on that this weekend. And also, Josh has watched he burn scene. There'll be on. Did you hear Roxy burn scene? That's where we didn't give the game on. Did they ever start playing that game or not? No, but he did the rain delay. How was he? He's flying, you know? Well, that ends up like a really, I haven't really heard much of them. Honestly, I've only caught, um, every inning that I've caught, Dave, has been calling the game. No, no one of you sounds so dumb. Let's see, action adventure. How would it end? Oh, the bright sense. What big burn? Oh, medic. He was on Medigino, who else was on Medigino, William Shattner. That was his first TV show, medic. Oh, am I older, why, huh? Yeah, well, uh, World of Commander, McBrag. We don't have had gunmobile travel. I thought we didn't have it. That's what I'd been playing at the, when we did all these scenes. But I'm not, I'm not going to waste no more time. But he definitely qualifies. He was a really, usually guy. He's on Love of Show. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. We're looking for ugly actors and actresses. That somebody might actually like. WKWAM, hello. Yes, sir. Jack, pound. Oh, God. I'm going to be a guy. I'm going to be a guy. Word for it, huh? What's he's got? Another one, right? Call molden. Ruh. Oh, god. So many ugly actors in so little time. I love it. All right. Go ahead. Oh, listen, I'm, well, I tried to, try to, let him finish, but he was just happy not to. Oh. What do you say? Carl Amaldon, right? George Mines. God. George C Scott. Very humongously. I mean, but many people tell you he's the greatest actor of all time. I don't agree with that. But he's a good actor. It did all right. It was good in the hospital. Uh huh. Patents. Uh, taps fire started. Right. He's good. Very bad though. An excess tree. Wasn't that what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what was he? It was the one of those, right? One of those horrible remakes that never should have been remade. I mean, excess is too, was bad enough. Uh, with, uh, Richard Burton, I believe, his wife is just too, and then I think George C Scott. Oh, God. See, when you get to the end of the line, and you can't get any other real scripts, then you wind up in a crap like that. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Here's a story that I absolutely love. If it's right in with my feeling about the state of Florida, Florida's legislative criteria is flush with good ideas, Senator Al Lawson's idea involves a two cent parole tax on toilet paper to pay for wastewater treatment. The help small towns have grid their sewer systems. And when you're in a state that says, full of it is Florida man, they ought to be raising a Schmidt load a cash when you think it think that they're going to make this pay as you go bill pay as you go bill. That's going to kill our, our has been the source of many jokes. Bathroom, whom you might say, but he says the issue is a serious one and say serious tissue, especially in some of the fast growing panhandle coastal counties in his district. They're experiencing a tremendous boom in growth and not a cable to not able to count it to growth. He's a, a Richard boom. We've got 17 million people in the state. All of them can contribute to protecting our undergrad water supply unless, of course, they don't do that thing unless, of course, they put it in a box there by the sort of the by the side of the toilet and just the keep using it over and over again, like the aboy loss. And a Republican dominated legislative state sure that doesn't like new taxes. The idea is likely to pretty quickly end up in the tank. Senate president Tom Lee, Republican of Brandon said he didn't think it would get too far, but didn't rule it out. We're getting to the bottom of it. We'll soon be said. The house is skeptical as well. We're not wild about tax increases in house speaker Alan Benson, panel of city, but we'll certainly let it go through the system. If it were to pass the afternoon pennies with start paying charge knocked over, loss instead of could generate $50 million a year. It would also need approval from Governor J. Bush. He said that if toilet paper is taxed, people might use less of it. No, that's not necessarily a good thing. No to the fan ask. If toilet paper is taxed, people might use less of it. Fewer than eight squares. Remember that story? Yeah. Eight squares. You can even begin. What about consumers? It says wouldn't they be squeezed by a tax on the Sherman? No says loss. And two senses not going to hurt families at all. This is one thing people don't mind paying for. I mean seriously, how many roles of children pay for even could a big family use a month? Not a year. Not even at. Like ten? Ten roles a month? What do you say? I don't care. It says like 20 cents a month for crying out loud for Jesus Christ and Mary's sake. Yeah, how do you like some male gifts and it's really a different version of the past of the Christ because now we can get different $100 million in there because Jesus is a well, the probably the best money made in history. What do you think that this would end differently? Oh, a different ending, huh? Yeah, he lives at the end. He jumps right off that cross like I'm running back at you. So here you go. How do you best your Jew vases and Romans and whatever? 560, 560, 560, that Trish Brando Verde. That was the end of it for me with George C. Scott. Let's see, Mary, it hurts. Which you could not do a way out of a paper sack and he kept promoting her and, you know, that was the end. Who's your favorite actor or actress who made a big incident fight of being butt ugly man? Real ugly. Charles Brotson, we still can't touch a man. He's been there right from the beginning, right from the get go. He's kind of a big 101. Oh, and speaking of people in the same genre, how about 5th day by the way for the jury? The jury is still out. How about Robert Blake? Okay. He always even as a kiddy was ugly, right? I'm checking court TV and I'll see nothing on there. But the 5th day of deliberation today for the jury. Charles Brotson, 101, Steve was she me 70 and he'd have been over our 74. They need to veto 53 for our restrips and 29. You know, one thing about short actresses, very seldom do you find like a real short. Other than like what's his name? Willie Wolock. Okay. He's not that short. Kathy made 16. James Kagney 14 and Asner 14, Dick's Van Dyke 12. But Miller has got 10. Horse Carl Octane, everybody else even single digit. Although Morgan Freeman is bubbling under. I don't think he's an ugly guy. Me, as Dark Faux go, Morgan Freeman. I mean, he's no Denzel Washington who faints himself as a sex pot. You know, I mean, if you're going to talk about a black actor who's a sex pot. I mean, if you tell me Malcolm, you know, Shemar Moral say, yes, absolutely. Absolutely. But Denzel Washington thinks he's a hot looking guy. I mean, Sydney Potsier, that was a very dark black guy. He was a good looking guy, right? Even Josh would agree with that. Who? Ha ha ha. Hey, Josh. Yeah. Yes, who's coming to lunch? What's the date? What's the date? What's the date? What's the date? What's the date? What's the date? What's the date? What's the date? What's the date? What's your date? Let all things do say recently? They can't move fast or not. They get a lot of Когда. Things the same for you as yours. Too kind of bothering you. You'd say, right before we go in keeping the law, but we'll get these members a달ty. No need to, no need to. Not to. Who is it? Berlin, and why? The Red Bull 3 was the immediate choice and the world has been ruined. My gosh, I did not make this movie with my son. It's an exchange. He was in Rocky Dragon daylight, the title movie. A little bit cash in what I mean. I got a little from the pile of crates. I got a lot of love and new things. Or a Broadway show like the other games. I guess nobody ever saw a couple and a whistle, but I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is just this way. Let me do the job of this. I need to make one more turn. I get out so calm me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. I like comedy. Action. And drama. The only thing I will love to watch that sex with a lot more. I give me a right for good mistakes. I used to be an opera, and now I can get on Ricky Lakes. Right now I got a one-man show in Pockeepsie. Basically I'm a one-point chipset. I wrote a bit of cash in what I mean. I got a little from the pile of crates. I got a half of my blood and one thing. Or a Broadway show like the other. I guess nobody ever saw a couple and a whistle, but it was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. I've got a lot to do. I've got a lot to do. I've got a lot to do. I need to make remover. I'm so happy. Well, 17 at 5.60 WQA, I'm happy Friday to you. March 11. Well, I've had it in Sears March it on. You know what? Before we know that next trend comes coming out, we're going to be all scandal even. Probably finished. Robin Cross brings a, she put the organ, the uglie, Maud's Beatrice Arthur. The Arthur she is nasty. She be ugly. He has years to go out live in LA. I ran into Gary Bucey in the gas station. Unfortunately his wealth of size mugged shot actually made him look good. He is also unbelievably ugly. Gary Busabizy, a Bucey. So we got the Arthur? Good. We got it. Right here. 5.6705. 60 on the Verizon singular Ryder Slime. 7 passes new bankruptcy of legislation. The Senate yesterday passed legislation. It'll make it harder for Americans to rid themselves of debt by filing for bankruptcy. The House is expected to pass the measure next month delivering two Eld presidentate. A second victory this year on pro business. Legislation is saw. The vote was 74 to 25 to approve the most thorough overall of bankruptcy laws in the quarter of a century. The short answer is fairness to clear Senator or in stance of Utah. Those who can pay their bill should pay their bills. That's the American FN way. You said. Congress will industry backers of legislation. The Senate is expected to pass the measure for eight years but it repeatedly got stalled this year. With Republican majority's increase in vote. The House and Senate. The bills foritions reversed. The Senate insisted on handing Wall Street investment firms of bonus. The feeding a democratic amendment that would have restricted their ability to work for companies both before and after those companies filed for bankruptcy. Senator's acted against the advice of the SEC chairman William Donaldson who said. Such a restriction was needed to build up investor confidence shaken by Enron World Com and other corporate scandals. For two straight days in a democratic opponents tried to soften and build impact on single parents and other groups and a restrict credit industry practices that lawmakers said especially hurt the poor. Critics said the bill would remove a safety net for those who have lost their jobs or face big medical bills. Russ Fungle the Wisconsin Senate will have a real impact on real people all of this country. And of course Bush and those of our winners don't care about the real people only about their filthy fat rich friends. So there you go again. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and you know the rest. W 2 a.m. Hello. Yes sir. How about the next term mature. No. He wasn't ugly. After our goes people would tell you he was a good looking guy if I probably Josh would say that. I'll give you a dollar for everyone in the audience you can find that knows that is. Oh come on. Josh knows who that is. Hey that's a good looking guy. Why? Why? Why? Victor mature. I don't think he was ugly. But anyway. How about the QA and maybe wasn't his type QA and hello. Hey Neil I do today. Pretty good. Tell me what you got. I got a couple for your poll. I want to say Richard Boone. What do you think? That's correct. Okay. And I got an affair. That vaguely senior engineer. Oh yes. Runs in the family. You got it. Thank you. Got that right. But. And then we put Donald Southern on. We put keeper. I don't know. Because unfortunately for him it looks a lot like daddy although luckily for him he was a famous actor so he's an actor too kind of sort of. What was that movie he was in? WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Never imagined that you were a change in tattoos. Yeah. And so the last guy stole my my son there with a jacked lamp. Okay thank you. I'll see he was searching for some other material because he had a hand in Jack Polan. Chains in tattoos. What is anybody have any idea what that means? No. Is there some significance there? Some symbolism I'm missing. Is there some um um. WQA and hello. Yeah. Venetians in this town. Yeah. That's what the guy told me 29 years ago okay. You'll never make it a year man. You'll never lasted through the month. Guess what? Pal. Long before I'm done on the year in this town. You're going to be uh, s up or is it s down in the ground? What your feet straight up in the year? I'll probably use to that. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey um. Pick a bit sure first of all. Scent and Delilah was head of a bar. Right. I think it was ugly guy. He was good luck and when he was younger. Kind of. Yeah. Kind of a sickening way. I second your Pneon lead J. Cobb. Great back. Great. Why the best? Ever seen 12 Angry Men? Yes. Left scene when he easily has told that for guilty any crack. Yeah. That was intense man. Yeah. Also um. Denny defeated. On the waterfront? Oh yeah. Yes. This is right. Also Denny defeated was Mr. Martinie in Tougar's nest. Right. That's what I said. I said he's a man seen. Oh, now you're right. I did see men see our team and seen. You're a man seen whatever. Get me hit me hit me hit me. When you deal with him, short people are all the same. And how can you leave off when my favorite actors off your pole? Gene Hackman. Yeah. He's a pretty early guy. You're right. Great actor. Do everything comedy drama. Even though he was like me. Oh, even at birth. I think you're going to be the same. Thanks a lot, Paul. I'm very tired. Bye. Do you have one? Got it. We got it. See, in fact, let's face it. Most actors. Not actresses. See, that's that sexiest thing. If you're going to be an actress man, you've got to put out and if you're going to put out, you know, it want to be doing some hot looking bait. Totally. Throw it with that. But with guys. Well, I mean, some of these guys put out two. There's no question about that. That's what we're Griffin said. WQA and hello. Oh, you didn't put that. Oh, you got to admit Chris Evans was a great actor. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Neil, I got two for you. Okay. No more or no. Lily Pavlin. Lily Townwood is now she and Ruby's. She's been a couple of movies. She's a... She is. Oh, my God. Who? Shelly Devol. Shelly Devol. I don't know who that is. Shelly Devol. How about the lighting? Pop-up, I believe. Yeah, yeah, right. Who? Mm-hmm. And Billy Bach forking. Okay, you. That sounds like three. There you go. Okay, thanks. Billy Bob Thorton and all the other ones. Got him? Got him. Boy, it must be a thousand ago to be honest. Keep you busy over the weekend. Keep your off the streets. Sob maybe your crack problem. Back to you this weekend. WQA and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. They left off. Mr. Good to bad, no, I was being still. See my wall like this. Oh, God, how could we forget? Well, since God five to three wouldn't try to forget. Well, that was our yesterday too. Yeah. Okay, and I got a couple of things for you. First of all, Richard Buren was tall and you can get it on DVD right now. I'm gonna go right up and buy it, not. That's that. Danny Truheo is a character actor. He was, he's got like tattoos all over his body. Oh, he was the rapist and connier. He was in Death Dorado. He's in the East Plays, all these Mexican characters. Well, that's the goose. And last but not least, I went on bought the greatest cape and Jack Lemon does say push the button back. We know that. This is George Problem, you know. He just picked up his life first straight now. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, well, you finally admitted it right after years of being right now. You finally admitted it. And we love Jack Lemon. Yes, we do. No, the fact we were just talking this morning about. Get the chalk. Hey, get the chalk. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, now if we had a better bleep in there, we can actually play that. But let's say we don't bleep. No, yeah, right. It's that's probably the worst bleep of all time. He says the word, and then the bleep comes out like that. Yeah, it's an audio illusion. Sure. What did you QAM? Hello. Oh, Naili, how are you, sir? Pretty good, pal. How's your day? Very good. So great. Yeah, who's the only one? Oh, oh. There's one for the pole. Yeah, okay. Thanks. You got that down? Yes, but holy up. Good. WQM, hello. May you like us for you. How many zones and the water my top? Very good. Thank you so much. Water my top, where he really was. He was definitely one of the unshined boys. Oh, sorry, didn't hang up on that guy. Well, my top maybe had some more. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5. Don't forget, J. Fever is on today's going to be a love fest. They suck in with the mole between two and four. I don't know what exactly what time he's going to be on, but listen if you can. I want to sing to you. Roger. Yes. I want to sing to you. On 5, 60. You can. M. Can kiss my rear end. It's our system's sad but true. It doesn't work like it used to do. Every time a voice comes I'm sure. You know it's all gonna land in court. It's all gonna land in court. We should have learned the truth for the last time around. Someone's always done on the farm when we dance. He didn't be bored, but he didn't do that. The lawyers all run around and shoot. If we pick up the bathroom like a bed, you know it's still got a battery of 10. It's not decided by me and you, but by the lawyers who run around and shoot. Yeah, it's a bad way to have more on my own sign. How pretty one and five, 60, WCN to move with the Donald Southern. It was key for Southern when it was a breakup. Would Bridget Fonda? All right. Do you remember I said that about a month ago when I talked about it? I was pretty good movie. Never heard of it? Never said. Bridget Fonda and key for Southern and all star cast in this edge of your sea psychological thriller after blocking out the violent domestic battle. Jimmy Fonda awakens in the hospital room that or abusive husband Frank is died in the fiery crash. And that she's the prime suspect. As the police focus on building their case against Jimmy. She on purpose evidence in the king and Frank may not only still be alive but getting away with murder with an LPN Miller and Steven Weber. And remember the performances you'll be riveted to the growing suspense of Jimmy and a during escape from police custody. Races to where to find the confrontation with justice and revenge. Break up. All right. I was going to shatter but the damn near Tom Burringer. 560560 pound 560 out of an out of giving me a movie I should see this weekend. Of vice and then. I got it. It's in my life. I can't bring myself to watch it because I know I'm not going to like it. I know you will. Waste our life. It's a very simple story about. Yeah. That's about one. Two guys. Two friends. Yeah. That's it. Now what does that mean? It's a famous story. I know it's famous. I always think this. I'm sure I read it 100 years ago when I was in the child. Probably not. Yeah. I think I did. Well. Good story. Well told on film. Okay. I'll watch it. For you. Another one. So I can go out and spend some money and stimulate the Canadian economy. Who built it? No. Okay. Good. Yeah sir. Uh, Jackie. I might get hold on. But that's not a good one. Jackie. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Thank you. Why? Can't hold on. Why? Some people look at me. At least we're getting some different people here today. They got a lot of people on their mind. Okay. Blue velvet. Even I know it's a. I saw it. That's a little bit of it's crap. It's like one step away from. What's your car? What's your older? What do you call it? You know what I'm talking about. When you're not on a French rule. Yeah. Right. One step away from that. They got it. I seen it there. I've seen it like 20 times. No. I promise every time I think of Blue velvet. I think of the Polish prince. She will. Yeah. Bobby. I've been with the skin. Just ripped across his head and across the bones. No. He is looking like. He could pass easy 140. He could make it into sunrise lakes. No ID required. Double to QAM. Hello. Yeah. For your fall. How about Peter Worry? Peter Lori's on there. As a matter of fact, he's got a few votes. That's a good choice. But I beat you to it. I put together a bunch of these and then you added a few. How's he doing Peter Lori? Is he going to? You added Peter Lori? We headed on there. Peter Lori was on from the beginning. What's wrong with you, man? We don't have it on there. It's on there. We're looking for it. He's got 10. He's doing a lot. Pretty well. He's got 10. Peter Lori. Big bug guys. In fact, they have a question. Who's got bigger bug guys? Me or Peter Lori or Rodney Dangerfield? Marty Felder. No. I want to play that again for five times. I want to make for good. Somebody who I am, hello. Can you? Yes, man. I've got a weird one. You probably want to agree with me, but I think who my term is really weird bugging. Yeah. I mean, most men probably think she's gorgeous. Well, do you think she's gorgeous, George? Not anymore. She's all right. She's just 16. She's pretty good. She's much better than gorgeous, George. She is bizarre. I like how you have a weird one. No. Almost there, man. Let's put her on there right away. Thanks. Hello. Hello. I like the name though. It's kind of like Emasu Mack and he will determine. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. Three. Yeah. I think we got it. He's a fox. I haven't put him in that. He's a fox. When you say he's really hungry. Yeah. And then they got to put Selena's father in the movie. I think it's almost. He's almost. He's almost. He's almost. He's a head of the crowd. But he's already on there. Thank you. Something. Who was the one? No. It's Ema's Durman. No. It's Durman months in the old board. Oh yeah. Let's start talking about the board. Oh, guys. Carmen Salafino and Durman months in and buddy. Oh, Mar. It's championship bowling was Fred Wall from WSYZ Detroit. Oh, God. I'm sorry. I know they have lobotomies, but maybe we can have like a place where you're going to have a little bit less drastic where they can just empty your brain out. I'm going to be great. I'll be holding useless craft. A brain element. Right. A blueberry brain element. Just to clear it. To make some room for important things that you can't remember. A brain element. I still can't say they're moving in front of the code. The one that I hate like poison. The food movie. What is it? No. Pop fiction. Pop fiction. No similarity whatsoever. No. It is strange, but not that way. Oh, I see. I think I saw it. I hated it. I'll give it again just to make you happy. I'll watch it. My cinnamon and blue velvet. And I'll be listening to Bobby Vitt and Murphy's in the background. WQAM. Oh, man. I need a brain animal. You have a gold bird on the list. Oh, God. It's on its lunchtime. Right in the middle of lunchtime. You've got to meet me. And that's okay. Thank you. Wuppy Goldberg. She is growth. Tusc. Oh. Wow. That was the end of the new Hollywood square. What's they put that pitch on there? Not that they had any chance any way with that. Plast it. I don't even know what that guy's name is. Do you have any idea? Yeah. It'll come to the seat. Peter Marshall. We know you're good. Is that it? That's right. Time. I think his brother takes it to the Montreal Canobians or Tampa Bay. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon. I got one for the four. How about students to go? Steven Singales. Pretty marginal looking guy. I wouldn't say he's ugly though. Would you? No. No. No. I'm going to put him on in. I'm going to judge this for these names on there like wrote. You know what I mean? Just because they wrote him out. Huh? Cal wrote. And we're not going to be like. Play for the Giants. Cal wrote. And his kid played the soccer was a championship soccer player. How can we not have a little more soccer talk on this rock. That's it. Big O would like to do that. A little more soccer talk on this day. Soccer and hockey and hockey and soccer. A little curling. A little curling discussion would be good. All right. See, just when you think that the Canadians are pretty neat people and they got their act very civilized relatively speaking and educated and so on. Plight and well behave. And then you see this curling crap. And you like kind of scratch your head and one and you say to yourself, well, nobody's perfect. No. The guy that actually shoots the stove is he called the captain or the shy having no your asking me any of the shoes of the stove and they got the guy with a broom. Hey, hey, the harder the harder the sweeper. Like sounds from Kathy Willisau. You know, I think at the one slippery shoe and the one not slippery. Yeah, I don't have any idea. Of course, they got an actor rocks off that thing. Right. A judge ruled yesterday that the state social services agency cannot relate to removal of the feeding tube, but keeping brain damage carry shiver alive. We're going to take that tube and stick it in Florida's dome. Have a statewide enema is what we're going to do. This really long overdue. The Department of Children and Families had asked for a 60 day delay in the removal of the feeding tube. Now, skids are from March 18, which is a week from today. I want to be a center. We can have like a live play by play. You're not going to be here next Friday. Correct. You're on vacation next Friday. Well, maybe you come in special if we have like a live broadcast of telecast of the removal of the tube. The agency said a lot of time to investigate allegations of abuse and neglect by the woman's husband, Michael Shivoh, but circuit judge George W. Greer, who is obviously a kind of rosy Greer and Mike Greer, who's one of Josh's favorite hockey players, ruled that the agency's attempting to get involved with this point was inappropriate and appears to be brought for the purpose of circumventing the course final judgment in violation of the separation of powers doctrine. You following that? I followed it. Michael Shivoh's attorney had criticized the last minute and temp by DC after getting involved saying that it was engineered by our fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, and I'm telling you, man, he's he's got his nose in everywhere it doesn't belong. Instead of being up there and tell him, I have to be a pincare of business. He's all over the place. He's taking care of business. It was engineered by Governor, Jeff Bush, our fat ass governor and others in the state government to support the plan of our parents who are trying to keep her alive. Michael Shivoh's gotten a court order to remove the feeding tube, continuing to his wife told him, she wouldn't want to be kept alive artificially, and we all arrest we know she breeds on her own, but often depends on a tube that are abdomen for food and water. But her parents doubt she had those ended like wishes, and are desperately trying to block removal of the feeding tube. The judge's ruling was another major blow to Bob and Mary Schindler, thank goodness, who fought their son along court for nearly 70 years over their daughters' faith. They dispute that she's in a persistent vegetative state saying she laughs, cries, interacts with them and tries to speak when they visit her hospice. She's just a, and not only that, but a ball of laughs at a party. And in fact, when you think so, oh, I'm sure. If you brought her to a park, maybe on the floor. Thanks for being sure, thanks for being here, Roger. This day's from Tivetu, on 5-16WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show. The judge's ruling was a very important part of the show, Talk to the judge's ruling. Tell him maybe about his scene of teaching. which a stellar job, aided by his close personal friend and assistant, Berkeley, answering out a sender out to Berkeley, I'll probably kick her ass out right away. Man, she is just a real piece. I said this story, though, right now because I wanted to wait till the middle of the show. Okay, you want to find out exactly what's going on. All these good, honest, tires, people in America, the group of organizations advanced the FCC for a complete freeze of all low power FM applications. Now, you know, these low power FMs that they came up with to try to give like local communities, like better local coverage, sentiments of college stations, high school stations. They've asked the FCC for a complete freeze of all low power FM applications because they discovered evidence of a massive trafficking scheme involving translator licenses to religious organizations, including the group asking for freeze on granting licenses are a permitiest radio project of Philadelphia, United Church of Christ, National Federation of Community Broadcast, is future musical, ocean free press, and National Lawyers Guild among others. In a filing the group accuses three individuals, Clark Perish, Earl Williamson and Dana Atkin, of using two dummy corporations to apply for over 4,000 translator licenses, and then using loopholes to sell the licenses to religious broadcasters who in turn piping satellite programming, which is an obvious contradiction of the spirit of localism beyond the granting of LPFM low power FM licenses. The two companies in question are radio-assisted ministry and Eduardo Broadcasting, a third company world radio-linked was also named in the filing and led to be a dummy company used to aggressively market the naked construction permits. The filing details the sailor traded over 85 licenses for a potential profit of 800 grand. In the filing it's alleged that the applicant is admitted to exploit numerous loopholes in the commission's translated assignment rules, it also alleges that Perish Williamson and Atkin sought to hide their conduct from the commission, raising the concern that the permits were obtained by fraudulent means, and then as the FCC to consider we were revoking the permits. The group state that the allowing of sail of naked construction permits in the broadcast services is contrary to the public and printing corrupts the integrity of commission's process, the harm to the public is especially autorescer because these translator licenses come at the expensive future low power FM stations. The filing then asks the commission to impose an immediate freeze on all applications related to the translator window. I didn't like that. I've had a bunch of crooks in bed with a religious course, you know, one good crook always finds another one, water seeks its own level. And they're pumping in, you know, that the like D. James Kennedy, I don't know which ones for sure, we can just imagine Paul and Jan Croch, the Reverend Doffs and all of his crap. Because of course, that's what the, you know, the Paul and Jan Crochs thing. I want to Trinity broadcasting. Mm-hmm. It's a pyramid scheme. Yeah. Speaking of Egypt and the pyramids. And what they did was they kept taking all of that money that they'd have those people sent in all those poor old desperate shuttons. And, you know, with that number of tobacco and the screen, and they would buy up more and more, uh, a small TV station all over the, not just the country, but all over the world. Right. And of course, everywhere they go, they keep putting them up around there, raising more money. Pretty soon they got like 80 million different towers up all over the world, spreading their spirit of the, raising them millions and millions of dollars. So Paul Crochkin share his goods with his boyfriend or whatever. And here's the story of the New York Daily News. And all I mean, forget I was going to read this article yesterday made in America, Wahabiism. Okay. From the LA Times. I will do it. Oh, you're going to be reading stuff in. Oh, no, gee, not that. Anything but that. Anyway, do you have a careful girl, I said, not because he doesn't listen to show anyway. Yeah, it does. And even if he did, he's still looking at you dying. I don't care if he does it. He's a good guy. I like him, but this through him. Let's see, George's role model says from John and Columbia South Carolina, Teach Meron and Tommy Chong. Here you go. I guess we could put them out of the unit. No. Separate. All right. And you want to put them out as a unit. Whatever. You're going to blow them and hold pull up and smoke man. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if I want to go out and spend 15 bucks. Whatever. You know. There's something about that. We'll be at the same time. I tried watching it once upon a time. And I just couldn't get into it. Maybe you don't like Dennis Hopper. I do like Dennis Hopper a lot. But now he did try. I don't like it. That's performance. Really? Yeah. It's freaking out. Maybe I will. We'll see. Give me something to look forward to on Monday. Oh, do you want to do a valid? I'm not telling. Two cops who killed for the mafia in New York, and the Daily News, and what could be the worst scandal in New York police department history. Two retired detectives were charged yesterday with moonlighting a 7-in for the mob. Allegedly carrying out one gangline execution, 80 and at least 7 others. For the mob. Honey like that. The police in New York. That's federal agents, Stun Luis Luis Epiledo 56 and Stephen Caracapa 63. Is he related to any Coca-Cola? Stephen Caracapa 66. If you win a grand AFS Cup, it appears as a tender restaurant in Las Vegas Wednesday night. Epiledo a cop turned actor to retired in 1990. Had good parts in movies like Goodfellus. A much thicker way to detect it was the subject of the 1992 book, Mafia Cup, the story of an honest cop whose family was the mob. Little bit of it, they know, I guess. Nearly 20 years after he allegedly began discracing the badge, he was still playing the tough guy role. Louis was trying to be brave, but Caracapa was really shaken, said law enforcement source. Law enforcement officials were still in disbelief yesterday over the extended crimes, including eight murders, two attempted murders, murder conspiracy, drug distribution and money laundering, and how long he went unsolved. It's just stunning. Said Brooklyn, he was attorney Rosalind Mouska, who announced the indictment of news conference. These corrupt former detectives betray their shields, their colleagues, and citizens they were sworn to protect. Well, we got guys on the payroll right? Yeah. Yeah. That's what that's saying. They would like a story like that. 560560, Pond 560, and the Verizon singular robber's line. We got about 70,000 names on here. So many of the people in solvable time, which makes us feel better about ourselves occur that we don't have their money. That's the only difference. Even you people who are good-looking, which are their review of you. You don't have their money, which is unfortunate, but money and everything. What would you rather have? Good-looks to a lot of money. Money? Mm-hmm. That's where I'm all coming from. Let's see. Charles Bronson's got one-oh-wait. Steve Buschimi's got 93. Of course, one out of two ain't bad. We broke our 79. David DeVito 55, Barbara Streisand 29, Kathy Bates 18, and as they're 15, Jimmy Cagney 14, Boris Carl Off 13, Ronde Dangerfield's popping up the list he's got a dozen. Bit Middler 12, Dick Band Dijk 12, Morgan Freeman 10, Edward James almost 10. Betty Davis 10 and Peter Rory, Bug-eyed Peter's got 10. W. K. W. M. Hello. Hey, Neil, you got G. Wilder on that. He's on your man. Oh, sorry, but, thank you. Don't be sorry. Don't be sorry. Oh, my God, did that punch have lie nine by me? I must have been in the state. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? How are you doing, pal? Pretty good. How was you here about the breaking news out of Atlanta? About the shootings? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, did you hear it? Well, what do you mean tonight here? Why don't we go? We've been on top of it since the first day since the judge died, man. I thought I just met. How you like that? Did I hear about the breaking news out of Atlanta? Right now, the suspect is in the list he died. I think he saw a little window. I don't have that information. You're still looking for that fish for us at Redneck Eye. Here that there were three shootings, but she's shooting in fact a whole bunch of the court that got took the deputies gun and like, like that. Yeah, yeah. He's a blackmail and it led all to be easy to find. No problem. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. Got a couple of names for you. Okay. It goes back a while of hitting the green street and Charles Law. Charles Lawton was big fan and growth test. That's a very good one. And then, what was she really? That's what I really made. Nothing. I mentioned I think I read that too. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Have a good day. You too. A screamer, Charles Lawton. How do you like that? He was very big. You wouldn't think so. I kind of like Raymond Burr. Boy when most found out that Raymond Burr was gay. That just floored him. I guess that was pretty well. It wasn't like a big secret. And I'm sure I'm the biography channel when they did the room. Of course, after his death, actually, when you were alive, you certainly don't let these things to God. Right? After Tom Cruise didn't bury, then all of that will come out. John Perlder, some of these people. You don't put on a good show. Just like Tony Perkins, remember that after he died, then all of a sudden the truth came out. All of these things. What a shock. Yeah, that's what Tom has to say. Charles Lawton, very great. Wozzi and he was in, was he a Christmas Carol, one of the bad versions of it, possibly. He reminds me of a fatter or a lawn chaney. I don't know why that is. I think it was in a cold vatus and a couple of other vatus. Cove vatus, roben movies like that. Cove vatus, covatus, covatus, covatus, covatus, covatus, covatus, covatus, covatus, covatus, Peter Ustenoff. That's great movie. That's what we actually, did you actually see covatus several times? That was great movie. Roe and Bozzi, no. The best part is that Charles and Heston wasn't in that one. Somebody QAM, hello. Jack, would Jack heal him on there. Okay, well, well, I think he's on there already, though, but we're put on there. We're on there. Isn't Jack heal him on there? Who? Jack, heal him. I'd love to forgot. What? Talk to you for your Jack heal. Somebody mentioned that like an hour ago. Jack, heal him. Not on there, I don't see it. Good amount of. Who got it? ELAM. Jack, heal him. Got it? Can you handle it? Can you do it? I realize we're over working with you. So who can? Christ, can I see that like an hour ago. Thank you for calling in and the mentioned answer. But he must have said, like, you've got powers. Or maybe he looked on the list and saw. How come Jack heal him is not on there? Who must have missed it? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, Oliver. Now we're going to get, I take it back. I change my mind. I just like screaming at Duff. I enjoy it, you know. I just, you know, because he comes around every morning before the show. Hey, good morning. You know, like, like, he's going to do something. You know, we understand that you're a good guy. I have good intentions. You have no power. You're just, you're just a paper tiger. So you're not alone, guys. Right. So I enjoy just unleashing my hostility toward him. My frustration with the sales department and sales manager, all the other things that they're engineering. Things he has nothing to do with him, can't do anything about just so I can, like, vent. You know, he's like, like a human punching bag. You know, he'll show you where we last once again. Keep coming back every day, Duff, because, you know, it's a lot of fun. And he's probably like, boy, that deal is sure in a bad mood. No, actually, I'm not. I'm in a great mood. I'm having a wonderful life. But it's just, I just like unleashing it, somebody. And since nobody else comes around, since they're all a bunch of whimps and terrify here to death of me, at least he shows up all the time, which is more than I can say for Clarence, which probably comes back from that losing basketball game last night. Wouldn't you think? A record? Clarence Dero. Okay, make up his mind if he wants to be like a make believe, miniature program director. A little tiny sports nerd play by play guy. Oh, it's a basket. It's a basket. A basket. A basket. I think he's got your basket. 1256 and 560 WQM Fritz and Franz, beer house and crowed vehicles, is bringing a very install. Why not combine and say, Guten Tag, even if you have no idea what it means? And sample some of the most delicious German-feather and cuisine anywhere outside of Northeastern Europe. Schnitzel, brought worst, which is my absolute favorite boy. I'm obsessed. Salads and strut will all in an atmosphere that would make the one track family proud. And don't forget to wash that early to boots. It's enough beer to get your leader hosting in a night. Fritz and Franz is known to making the hills come alive with a sound of music. It's turning coral gables into a veritable little Frankfurt, because at Fritz and Franz it's October fest every single day. The pandemic's 60 Merrick Way, just a block west of Miracle Mile. It's the ideal meeting place for those of you who like to march to the beat of a different tuba. So call 305-7 or maybe Gustav to the beat of a different tuba. So call 305-774-1883 for directions and monthly worst-anter bare-fifthable information and turn that old meal sent you by the Brought Worst Queen. That's 305-774-1883 for Fritz and Franz beer house, not your ordinary, own power places required it would say. This is not a tuba, it's the one to two hours. We need a new home. We need some sand here. That's a looser. A boat for sand is a drop to show. All the boys, you can't lose their heart. We need a new home. What do you think about her? That if you dress, go all the way with beer puffs in a mini skirt. Call a blue hat of gift, but watch to have those lines. A blue hat is part of the courage of the tally. With jealous shots instead of why. We need a new home. What that is a gift is. And what a lens of the door is still. Of a birthday hat on his hand. We need a new home. What does really straight? It wants to shop a part of drive when he goes out on a date. A boat that thinks he hasn't. A boat that's really cool. A boat that says when they give us a hope they get up. And a boat that doesn't drew. Or have the very tough men proceed out on the street in Atlanta with a couple of dark and fun people behind him. Like you said, it should be really easy finding a black guy in Atlanta. How is it going to happen right now? Looking for it. But they do not know where this person might have gone. There have been tips in various areas. One tip came from the northern part of Folten County about 20 miles north of here. But they have not found this man. I understand why this is such a big story. I mean, it seems to be going on a lot. You're going to get pissed off. You're going to get pissed off. It seems to be the American. But I guess nothing else is going on. Michael Jackson. There's no the jury's not there today. They're just doing some procedural crap. Like making sure the Michael gets his pajamas. Iron before it comes back Monday. William Fadjardale at its global beat for New York University Center for War Peace and the News Media was Middle East, forced by for time magazine from 1989 to 1993. And he writes, maybe the number of our hobbyism. The Christian writers are on bread of extremism. And boy, this has got to start right on it. This is the LA Times couple of days ago. Is on our website. Wasn't it Josh? Yes, it was. Good. Not that long, couple of pages. There is a certain irony in the debate over installing the 10 commandments in public buildings. The second commandment of the King James edition of the Bible states clearly. Now, shut not make ought to be any grave in him. He grave an image or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in earth below, or that is in the water under the earth. Few people take this as a prohibition against images of stars and fishes, rather a Carson's against indelving a physical object via a golden calf or two turn-slime of granted with spiritual power. And trying to promote the commandments to the Christian right seem to have forgotten what they're really about. It also has overlooked the fact that there are several versions. Exodus 22 through 17, Exodus 34, 12 through 26, and due to around me 5, 6 through 21. Different language and Catholic Bible's and a Jewish Torah offer more variants. Which should be enshrined? That's just the cut of debate that's been responsible for religious massacres throughout the ages. It was, in fact, the mindless slaughter resulted from King Charles efforts to impose the Church of England's prayer book on Calvinists Scott's in the 17th century. They've played an important role in convincing the founding fathers to separate Church and state. The correct debate, of course, has little to do with genuine religion, what it's really about is an effort to assure a cultural point of view. It's part of reaction against social change in American Torah reformation of sorts against the way our society has been evolving. Those pushing to blur the boundaries between church and state feel that they're losing out much as in the Middle East Islamic fundamentalist fear they're losing out to Western values. The reactions are remarkably similar in the Arab Middle East and Iran. The responses in insistence on the establishment of Islamic law is the basis for political life. In the US, school districts assert religious overscientific theory and biology class, tax dollars are going to be faith-based, and the 10 commandments are a punitive founding document. In fact, George W. Bush may now find himself in the same kind of trap that instared Saudi Arabia's founder, King Even Saud. To gain political support, Saudi mobilized the fanatical ultra-religious Wahhab movement, the movement that is spiritually at the core of Al Qaeda. What's the bargain was done? The Saudi royal family repeatedly found itself held political hostage to an extremist, barely controllable movement populated by radical ideologues. The evangelical movement in the US loves the present and back into the White House, and Bush must now try to pay off the political bill for its support. In Saudi Arabia, what drives the Wahhabis' edicts sense of grievance and an underlying conviction that a returns a spiritual purity will restore the lost power they believe once belonged to their forefathers. A belief system that calls for stoning a woman for adultery or severing the hand of a vague ridicused of stealing depends on a stream and turpentations of texts that are at best ambiguous. What does it say is not so much service to God as the conviction that is still possible to enforce discipline and a world that seems increasingly chaotic. The Christian right is equally prone to selective interpretation of Scripture, and it's concerned for a fetus, for example, the fate of a child who emerges from an unwanted pregnancy gets lost. Some fundamentalists are even ready to kill those who don't agree with them, or at least destroy their careers. They seem to delight in the death penalty, despite the fact that the Bible prohibits killing and Christ advises followers to leave vengeance to God. Just as in the Middle East, the core of U.S. Puritanism stems from an nostalgia for an imaginary past. In our case, made up U.S. people mostly by northern Europeans alike in the God they worshiped, and in their understanding of what he stood for. The founding fathers, of course, prefer the ideas of these secular enlightenment, which instead of anointing one religious interpretation, provide a despise and security for each person to see God in his own or her own way. Perhaps the strongest rationale for separating religious values from politics is that politics inevitably involves compromise, while religion involves a spiritual idea that can be harmed by compromise. No less of fundamentalists than Ayatollah Rural, or Al-Khamini, once stated that if forced to choose between Islamic law and Islamic rule, he would choose Islamic rule. Yet the effect of that decision has been to be trait Islam as genuine Islamic scholars in the manner of father themselves, under continual pressure, to change the interpretation of God in God's will in order to conform to political realities. Religion meant a corporate into a political structure is almost invariably diluted and deformed and ultimately loses its most essential power. Worse is we have seen recently in the Islamic world as in the Spanish inquisition and the Salem witch trials in the Christian world, a fanatical passion for once-only interpretation of justice under God often leads to a horror. The fact is that the Saint Paul so eloquently put it now we see through a glass darkly. Men and women interpret the deity, but they're only human and by their nature they're flawed. In that context, isn't it best to keep our minds open? The ten commandments out of our public buildings are off our governmental lawns, and building by example, with the impression, oh, this is the life of the way we do. As Christ once put it, and why be hold of style of the mouth that is thy brother's eye, but considerous not to be met is in thy own eye. Watch out for that, wicked been. Pretty good stuff, eh? Very good. Oh, no, I didn't like it. I didn't like it. Virgin, I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. Okay, I won't read it again. You know what I love those religious stories? Oh, those anti-religious stories, heathen, infidel, what's your point for it? Who's your favorite actor or actress who made it figured spiderman? We got a list of 50,000 ugly people here, which should make all the rest of us feel a little bit better. Not everybody can look like bread, pit, and like a hally burry, okay? Not everybody can be beautiful. Charles Bronson, 110. Although Steve was she and me's making a move. Now he's got 99, he's right on Chuck's ass. You have Steve. Charles Bronson, he's not dead, is he? Yeah. You said a big kid. Did he win the he die? Not that long ago. I don't think that's that long ago. Look at up to a little Google Air Force Josh. Not even a arm pit there. Charles Bronson, what did he die? Charles Bronson is dead? Yeah. No. I can't be. Not a macho man like that. August O3. See not that long ago? Steve was she in the 99. How pretty good word 82. He's been there long time and you wanted to lie? Yeah. All those faggot man, those cancer sticks put him down. I do punks out there. You can be in real big shots by smoking. I go out either under a tree, I own a school yard, light enough under them, camels or those cancer sticks. How are you doing shortening your life? Right. And enough to see those of us fat people. At least there's something to enjoy there. There's nothing enjoyable about smoking cigarettes. So a book of Bronson. I can't believe that he smokes. You've got to be kidding me. Nice. Probably camels. Oh, I almost as bad. Yeah, cancer sticks. You know, that's called death wish. It's been a Charles Bronson. He's got a death wish. Humphrey, no guard 82. The African queen. Oh, that was Johnny Mathes. Thank you, David O56. Barbara Streisand, 31. Kathy Bates 18. Ronnie Dangerfield. Six next to be coming. He's dead. Sixth. And as in 15, Jimmy County 14, Boris Carlau 14, that mid-Lirt 12, Dick band Dike 12. Well, I just, I never liked him at all. You know, I just, he leaves me limp. I don't think he was funny. He was just, uh, I got tired of hearing about his booze problems. He just bugged me. Morgan Freeman 11, but he gave us 11 Edward James almost 10, Peter Laurie 10. I wasn't in the Charlie Chan movies or Mark and he's in the same game. Oh, he was good. He was my multi-spelkin. And I know. Right. Well, I'm pretty boggard. David, I don't like it. I don't. Christopher, that's why you wouldn't watch that out there. I never had a question. I can't, huh? I can't leave you to watch it. No, I haven't. Christopher walk in nine, Marty Phelmwood nine. Wesley Streisand, Streisand, Streisand, Streisand, Streisand, also Frank Winsgard seven. Bella Gosey got seven. Eddie, it's fact, you know something? If he would have known one more guy, he might still be with us. Yeah. I mean, you know, Poor Johnny Deppie had other things going on. He was busy. Sarah Cogesca, Parker's got six, Rosie O'Donnell's six, Woody Allen's six, Walter Mantis got five, Gary Bucy's got five, Glenn Howard's got five, Ryan Howard's little brother. See, those of us who remember Ryan Howard's from Happy Days, which quite frankly, I hated the show and I hated him. And he was in worst. And now all of a sudden, we're supposed to like respect him because he's a great movie, a director and he's a he's an adequate movie director. But they would tell us that, oh, Ron Howard's a genius. I saw one of his movies last night and it had his brother and it shirt up. Well, what he's spent a little nepotism there. It's kind of like a dirty, dirty, whatever band they get a child bander of ear. Which right away, she ain't no more bandermere. We have problem in five. William Dephoe for, I can't stop doing that, man. William Dephoe, I just can't stop at the answers to it. Four, James Woods for, Donna Thuy, James Woods is Jewish Jesus. What a, what a potion of cookies. At least you think he could say that a little bit better if he's really Jewish. It's a better option of cookies. Donna Thuy, Donald Settlone III, many driver three and the Billy Bouthorns got a parent some other people. I don't think she in hackmans really, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, she's our way. He's funny looking. Uh, that we have those big funny nose. Like 40, both, and also funny looking. Yeah, well, yeah, a little funnier than Jean hackmans. Yeah. And after one, I'm ugly Friday here at Q&A and of course in two weeks it'll be good Friday. Won't that be special, huh? I'm taking off good Friday this year. I'm going to go to church. I don't have some fish. You can see the light. Yeah, right. It's warm. Let me church eat some of the waiters have some of that wine. Some of the real good men and shivers that probably does go in my enjoying. Well, man, I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been the re-loach time. Those park-roll men are sort of a couple of granteau. When school's out of the way to go, no one will hold on. They're down the pound of a battle, one won't bother. We're going to shut their line up. And I'll go home up. And I'll go home up. And I'll go home up. I know what they're going to do. I know what they're going to do. It's a girl. It's a sexist. Every yard comes in. So we're in. I'm in everywhere. We're on a California. Let's be honest. We're going to shut the door. I know I got someone in my family. I live in everywhere. I don't think I'm going to let you back to go. It's a boss who's all crazy. And all we're going to do is shut the door. We're going to shut the door. It's a sexist. And I think I'll look at some of them. I'm like, rock, roll, roll, rock, roll. We're going to shut the door. And make sure you can. We've never clicked straight or listen to music. I said it through. Where man. I'm in everywhere. Where man. I'm in everywhere. And I'm in everywhere. And I'm in everywhere. And I'm going to watch it. You see it. And make sure you watch that. I was. I bet you. Hillary has still that he was watching similar to the DNC. Does that mean she's not going to run in 2008? And she thinks that's really great. You know, I know where you're going. What? With her? No, no. But I'm just telling you that she obviously wants it. She's been lying through a teeth about that whole deal. She wants it. She can taste it. And I guess who said Kennedy is already supporting for 2008. Perfect. No. Oh, good. Worst. Worst. Somebody who already lost. Oh, oh, gore. No. Login. Login. John Kerry. No. Gore. I said somebody who lost Gordon Lewis. He got screwed out of the auction. But he didn't lose. Right. But John Kerry, which is really scary. And Kerry says, oh, yeah, he's a pretty ace thinking that he's going to do it. He's going to make another run. I'm getting the runs just thinking about it. Another lackluster, lifeless campaign with that crazy, headed bitch of life at his running around like a rag doll. I'm drugs. Come to QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. 560. 560W. QAM. Yes. The truck to Roya. The lawyer. Speaking. The lawyer is right here. The lawyer. The lawyer. How about me? Get out one. All right. Where is the, let me go? Come on, stop. Being yourself. Come, stop. Come, stop. I know. I know. I think at a party. Man, I know my space when I speak it. You do? No. Man, I was trying to fool your man. No chance. Hey, listen. I like me. Long time, listener. Can't throw a nice ball. I feel like a man. I say that right now. I've been around the block too many times. You can fool by some being like you. Hey, my go ahead. All the people. And so he went. But he wasn't an actor. He wasn't a TV. He was a TV gun, a actor. Even on TV. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Ask the female. He said, then, not a, not a host. Are you a judge? Dostodania. Back to here. Hook up with the wrong person. You might get a bad dose. Dostodania. Give her good dose of Adania. No, no. Five, six, seven. All five, six, five, six. The pound five, six, the on a Verizon and. You're a wireless lines. Oh, God. See, we told you, come on. He's the communist. He's bigger than a roseky. Roseky. Can we Easta? All I got to do now that I got my bald head. I got to pull out more of those. What are the colors? Hands that the Russians wear those. Oh, those big for hats? Yeah. What do call you one one? I don't know. Big for hat. They just stylish those hockey. No, they got to name those things. So what the hell are all signin' all? It's got you the Koonskin hat one year that looks like a. No, not a Koonskin hat. They were, they were, it was shaped the same way. Although Jesse Holmes says he loves the Koonskin. W.D.Q.A.M. Hello. How cool. Yeah, sir. I got brand new for you. And what is that? Thanks to all of you as president, the all 15% of the all that we used to get from Venezuela. Sean. Oh, no. They're trying to tell me that. That's right. We're trying to sell it to Asia. Can't it's not Smaxo? See, say, Chavez or Hugo Chavez? Oh, man. Chavez got bush by the ball. Yeah, and then Chavez is run around saying the bush is trying to get him killed. I can't imagine why can you? I don't know. Forget when you go to bed tonight, Neil, until your bedside and put your hands together and say, Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. Oh, God. See you. Who's that? Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. In fact, let's take a few. I never ever turn on the gambling channel. I do my gambling, you know, where. But let me just take a look. Huh? Did you hear me? Oh, Shanka. That's not what it is. The big Russian hats are Shanka. That's what it says here. Now they only caught in Sri Lanka. Oh, look at that. The price of crude. Boy, you talk about crude 54.5 bucks. Totally mole a rat man. Even the badmobiles going to have to stay in the stall for a while. 54.5 bucks are galoon man. That is just, and they're saying this ain't nothing yet. We tell summertime. You know what? And they still really bleeding and fleece in the public because they know that everybody's on holiday and all summertime. Everybody's driving to forth the July and stuff like this and Canada day and these things. Oh, baby. You ain't seen nothing yet. $60, $70 a barrel for oil, which means you're going to be paying like 2.5 bucks. And they'll say, oh, it's still a bargain. They're playing 4 bucks in Europe. Well, you know what? Screw them. Dollar 35 on the Earl. I don't think they're going to be too many of you taking your usual European vacations. Unless you're really well healed. You know what I'm saying? I better win a few bucks over the weekend. I'm going to have to cancel my Italy trip. Speaking of Italy, the US must assume responsibility for the friendly fire killing of the Italian intelligence agencies in the racket or to put the incident behind the two allies. The crooked Italian Prime Minister said on Wednesday, although here he's got a point. He has, maybe the biggest crooked in the world today. He makes Mara Lansky look like a boy scout. Aiming the set of records straight, Prime Minister Silvia Berlusconi, confident if the US military reports existing Italy may have been to blame for last week's ill-fated attempt to evacuate a newly freed hostage from Iraq. Italy also denied ever bowing to political blackmail in Iraq or paying ransom to Islamic militants for the freedom of kidnapped border Julianne Srinah after local media reports that up to $8 million change stands. Only a frank and reciprocal recognition of a financial responsibility is the condition for the incident, which was so irrational to us and that caused us so much sorrow for the school to be told to send it, caused us so much sorrow. He might have to buy up all the newspapers now too. Besides all the TV's, make sure to think if the news right, you know, get it right. Part of the rights. Have like musseline you like it. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. What's right on a charges buddy? Yeah. I want you to go for. WQAM, hello. Thank you. Thank you. I'm not going to listen to him. What's the point? I don't know if you've been active enough, but what about Jimmy to rent you? To meet a rent in good and good OEA is not right on there. Of course he was an actor. He was in some bad movies. So he won't think about the comedians from the early days of television and the vlog bill long before that. Most of them got in some really bad movies. I like the Martin and Lewis movies for example, you know. Oh, Jerry Lewis was in at, what was the one? The King of the Comedy of Comedy. Which everybody says was really great. I'll pick your word for it. I'd rather watch Blue Velvet than watch it. So, Jerry Lewis movie. Everyone said it was really great. You know, it was really weak. Was it real? Yeah, it was. But he's a good singer. Rock, uh, by your baby. We did Gary Lewis now. Yeah. But he, I like him. He was funny back in the day and everybody liked Martin Lewis and all know, because they were, and on the ground floor of it, you know. There were a lot of people of pioneers. They've gear away horrible. I mean, terminally boring, coma inducing. And a lot of other people are hearing more, you know, just no talent whatsoever. But they made it big because they were first. They were their first. They were pioneers. So I'm saying, I mean, if you ever saw the old today show with Dave Garaway and Frank Blair doing the news and the Jim Fred Mugs, Jay Fred Mugs, the Jim, you'd say, and Jackal is schooling. You'd say, how could anybody have ever watched this? I mean, the current today show is bad enough. You know, it's horrendous. But it's like fantastic compared to that crap. When I look at these guns. Sorry, land 295, which is the front level two hosters. Okay, now it's front level two. I think, okay, that what exactly does that mean? For level two hosters, it takes two positions to move the firearm. Two positions. All right. No. If I were... Takes two hands to handle that law for man. That's what's going to mean. No, that's what Milton Verl said. 26 after one at five, 60WQM, the Emerald Coast as Florida's number one, Nomadot Uno for a Nicaraguan piezon there. Number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by the Gat arrester on a few when they we know there's stuff. And a good news is you can still enjoy lobster fest every Friday through Sunday night featuring Main Lobster Thermador, an additional coastal still be serving handcar permit and from their flaming grill. The fire, the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire, the fire. New York State's took to order just the way you love them. For those seafood lovers out there, the menu still includes hot dungeon is cramp fresh oysters on the have shell. Stone cramp claws and a sushi bar with over 30. Not to turn the man. They're for items. Make sure to leave room for dessert because they've got that amazing 40 inch chocolate found do found where it can hand dip your own strawberries, marshmallows and whatever else you want to dip in there. All those decadent treats. Don't forget the Emerald Coast for most healthily curalliving they cook all other good cuisine with cholesterol, precanor oil, no MSD, no crap. You won't walk out of there with a headache just a big fat stomach and a smile on your post. Don't forget to book your reservations at one of Emerald Coast's three softloaded locations. You'll find them in sunrise, sunny hours, beach, and even prestigious<|th|>BREP FINE. For the Emerald Coast it's nine five. Why do I? There is a new I-Ricoat and Dave County. Okay. Seven eight six. Right? Not to 05. So it's just... Hey fat boy, you're an idiot. Call the Emerald Coast at nine five four. Not five five four or two five four nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two. You can't deal with a stick. The amazing unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. You're the same as me, you're Rogers. So, for example, you're the five six eight and... For you, Drudge Packen. Mr. President, I'm very appreciative that you chose me to conduct this interview. Sure. What do you hope that your legacy will be? You've got four years and I know I'm asking them. I'm down the line question, but what do you hope it will be? Uh, terrorists. And uh, destabilizing the vital part of the world. Okay. Now in the next four years, what do you most want to accomplish yourself? Play God. What are you going to be able to do that others haven't been able to do? Uh, spread hatred and vilify the United States. I hope that 50 years from now, people look back and say, your subject, a dictator, a tyrant, a thug. Do you think all of that can happen for years? Yes. I do. And uh, I'm a side of the better. When 2020 returns. The president just peed on the power of the Senate. I'm a little more confident. I'm absolutely. And I intend to. Do you think that's a good enough for Linda Blair? It's good enough for El Presidente, right? Peanuts on the carpet. Right. I was an interesting scene when the priest was sitting there at the piano at 202, the 28 and then Linda Blair comes down and stands there staring at them and just pretty quietly just pees on the carpet. I was looking at quite about it. Well, no, I mean, it's kind of like a tool. It's going very, very skill, but the sound of the tinkling hitting the floor of the carpet. You're going to die up there. Careful. Do you enjoy tomorrow 5 to 7 at the, oh yeah, the semifigods going to be the regained of our theme. Maroonie, use car and track cell off going out of Dolphin Stadium. Are you going to be the stadium right up there? Hershey Highway there. Wow. Oh sure, it's how beats were they usually send you? Well, not really. Stop by the skin that we offer from president, George, free food from Melini City. So that's today. Now look at it, you know, something, I don't want to start getting bit you, okay, any more than usual, which is plenty of bit you enough. But are you looking at this same thing since you sent me a copy of it? Just reach for right now. That's today. It's joined George tomorrow 5 to 7 at the end. See, this is that's today, 5 to 7 at Dolphin Stadium. Make up your mind, will ya? I ain't go both days. Is it time and assuming it's tomorrow? It's tomorrow. No. That's Saturday. Saturday is tomorrow. Last time we checked Eastern Standard Time. Tomorrow 5 to 7 at Dolphin Stadium. We go there early, get some of that good food from Melini City steps. And then pretend you're there to like do whatever else going on. Make George, if you make him look good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe your friend will stop by and see it. I'm rather one of calls all the time. I'm a charges by him. Looks forward to giving you a chance. Every chance he can. Yeah. Successfully. I'm one of those professional agitators that just you're right. I'm obsessed like we got with a fanny pack. The gravity eyes. Greg in the porcelain Lucy. Andy and Hollywood. What's his name? Ron. A prozac Ron. Tom. Matt. Edith. It's not even close. It's very insufficient to drive the mentality of these people. And I use that term loosely. Mentality and people. I see what you can be all worked up for. So I've gotten much of a blue oven. WQA and hello. I nearly. Yes sir. I just a couple of thoughts on the gambling. I think stuff rather rather loud will get this spot machines. They want only to respect that the lobbyists are about to go to work. And they're going to touch bread in the money around. And I think that's the congressman we're waiting for. And the second thing is they say don't give them their class three. Which is what was supposed to be. Are they going to make it meaningless to get the revenue down so much. It's going to be a forest. And it's going to just piss everybody off. Right. You know how lobbyists spread money around up there. You know how they love money. They've been out willing to vote for it. But they'll take the money. You know what? You want to give them a bag of money. And the other thing is. They're going to get a bag of money to slot stars. Yeah, that's an idea. They'll benefit slot. He's got a lot. He knows. He knows all about it. Give us all the sheep, baby. Plenty's got some. Alright, thank you. Hold on. He can be in the give the convocation. You know, the invocation before they start opening the machines every morning. There can be billben at the gambling's are. Talk about another big fat hypocrite man. All these right wingers. All of them each and every one of them. All the finger putters. Oh, your brothers. You're that. All right. Just like that Jeff Cannon duckered piece of crap. And they're going to be a big day. Thank you. Five six. So what's this Atlanta thing? They're making such a big semis about this. Wow. And of course, keep in mind that they're in Atlanta. A lot of it. Like these goofballs are going to. There's sky miles or Brian in this bitch. Well, to spoke with us a little while ago. We'll hear from her after a break. Meanwhile, the search is still on. We're going to see. And then special coverage on courtroom security begins at seven. Make sure you're in a waste anytime today. Last thing driving a green Honda. We do have the license plate number. We'll let you look at that as we head to break. Six by any pole. Why in Jojo. You got Jojo on his mind. Boyle boy. Go get him. Before you shoot up anybody else. Somebody kill him. Hello. Hi. Chris. How you doing? Oh, good. I actually had a couple for the poll. The Nick Nalti was the first one. Nick Nalti is his only is a sin. He looks like a pile of elephant crap. And he looks worse over the years. Yes. He's a little bit late. Yes. Since he keeps getting the right amount. And camera and DS is a real butterface. Really? I think we're going to hear time on that. No, don't be. I agree. We'll put a run. Marjoral. We'll see. We'll see. She smiles and has charm. That's how you don't notice. Anyway, we love you up here in Bota. And you guys have a good day in happy 29. Thanks a lot, Pally. Bye, Pally. How about this? We're putting people who actually are actors or actresses of a sort. How about J-Lo? She's been in movies. So you sure is you? Well, if you call a TV and that other bunch of crap she keeps making movies. She's ugly, man. And she has just got a big... Right, Tom. But she's married to, what's his name? That's a spik- oh brother. That is just so amazing. I mean, he's fooling anybody that food fly. And she's fooling anybody. You know that? That benefit crap that we had to be subjected to in the early. Because it's a media, the media just loves this stuff. They just love showing it down our throws. Our after hour day after day, week after week, you know? Because basically, like they said, like Howard Beale said, We're in a boredom killing business. Like us. We got to take the four hours in the middle of your day and try to do a little tap dance here. A verbal tap dance. At least for a little pizzazz, a little something, you know? That, that, that, that, that, that, that, and like that. Right? Sure, we could do that. Like those people of the appearances, while us do the sour old business from Detroit, which I'm sure they're dead by now. I hope. Remember them? Oh yeah. Yeah. We didn't put on a floor show for them, I guess. They wanted us to do a tap dance. It's been a half an hour within. There are all these other people lined up waiting for us to autograph those stupid pictures. And, uh, yeah. I did it. We just kind of sit there. You didn't pay too much attention to us. You miserable. I bet you did. We're like the shootbook of your brains out. If you had any. Oh, here's, here's one of the winners. Good thing you gave everybody a head start. This man. Oh, who could say that he's their favorite, though, saying? Because the question is your favorite actor, I'm just who's made it big in their Arle. Gerard DiPardo. That bit. He is grotesque. And the worst part of it is, there are actually our women out there who think he's a Szech Pa, a sex part. Yeah, he's a sex. Szech Pa. Yeah. Seriously, he's like a sex animal for somebody who's blind woman. Yeah. How them tell her thought he was hot. The road looks like a do. But that's a here. Probably nobody's favorite. And you're right. Thank you so much. Man, so many of you see, I'm telling that's a bad combination. Are we okay? A lot of us can relate to that. But I would go tell him, what's the story here? Maybe there's something there that doesn't meet the eye. Now, this one, I'm not saying this to put him down because he's been on the singer. What's his name? Judy Roberts husband. Lyle. Lyle. Lyle. What's that all about? I don't know. Don't put that down, John. Yeah, I'll put it. Well, I see, I knew that it was like whisperer name and put it on. I like everybody wrote, you know. Twenty till two at five, sixty WCW, no forget J. Feeber and Mo Howard David and the staff to know. I think they're going to make a baby. I really do. They are tight, you know. What? Can't get no bite. Well, I don't know, but they're sure they should've been given a shot for last couple of years. They are as tight as a snare drum. Absolutely. And so J.L.B.M. with the Argripin Moard, some one. So I know who knows when. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players. Top of the park racing and poker is that all the gambling action you could want. Just to have him out from both. I-95 in the Florida turnfike. Top of the park features free admission and free general parking everyday. Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like this weekend. Poker starts at noon. Goes on a midnight every day and live racing gets underway. Notly at 7.25 including tonight, of course. And tomorrow. Come up tomorrow. Saturday, March 12th is the most amazing fireworks sun show ever seen. It's a regular event at Pompano Park here. Starring austrogen Vincent Sylvester when his unbelievable race horse hand me silver. Sylvester stands on the shaft of his race bike. Holds the reins in his teeth and shoots out more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks from a time for him on his bike all while hand me silver. Races around the track. You don't want him to raise a far worse sun show tomorrow. Saturday, March 12th. By the way, a Randy Wafels is back at Wood by one. Two races last night. Welcome back Randy. Also, lots and night. Pompano Park has a money machine to track. We can have a chance to grab a thousand dollars in betting vouchers. Just went and down return or in grab it. And the vouchers too. Pompano Park with cymbal casting every day in night seven days a week. Located to block South Atlantic Boulevard in Powerline Road. For the curr racing schedule, go online at pompanopark.com or give McCullot 9504 972 2000. That's 974 2000. Don't forget 725 tonight in our big weekend. Arracing at Pompano Park. You're listening to Neil and Roger. On the day of the school looks familiar. On 560 60. Are you a. How young is too young? That's heard, man. I'm a very good boy. I'm a very good boy. I like dressing up in you, no more. With the sweat to come. On each arm now, everyone does an airy airy. I have a funny thing that he enjoys. Oh, I'm a naughty, print-time heavy. I'm a very good boy. Oh, that is good. Who's that even good? I'm a very good boy. I'm a very good boy. When to party at a big round show. And now the family famous good boy dad. It's that I'm a brilliant wife. Everyone wants to name us a set of boys. I'm a portion on the throne I'm a very. Having a big hit to boy. Oh, hey, hey, Arr, Arr, are. Every very, every. Every, every. Every, every. It's a boy, oh boy. Having a hit to boy. Ok, ok. 146. Five, 160, WQAM. Martin, for a minute, my husband from Europe says. Neil, and you're thinking for your great children putting up with all these idiotic colors. You guys should get a freaking mental for all you work entertaining us. That's right. We agree. Martin, we wanted it. Hopefully it will work something we can pawn in. Just a little reminder of those morons who say that or $4 a gallon compared to $250 in the US. More than 80% of that price in Europe are taxes which are used to build back up the roads, highways, bridges, social programs, etc. which is why people in Europe look at these prices as a luxury tax for drivers. The other thing is you don't necessarily need to car in Europe because of a very good system, a public transportation trains and buses. On the other hand, over 80% of the gas price in the US goes directly into pockets of oil companies and, of course, to the pockets of our leader and his friends. Just take a look at the record profits of mobile, ex-son, etc. Wake up people, they're going to suck you, drive what Martin Ford-Miris says. Amen Martin. Terry Shiveau's husband is just in only moments seconds ago. Terry Shiveau from our, of course, a fantastic news coverage here at QA and on our news wires. Terry Shiveau's husband turns down a million dollars to give up the right to decide why I've stayed. How do you like that? Sounds like blackmail to me. I'd have taken it. A man fighting to have a feeding tube removed from his brain damage wife today rejected a California businessman's offer to pay him a million dollars to give up his right to decide her medical treatment. The offer, which the husband's attorney labeled offensive, came ours after the judge refused to let the state social services in the agency intervene, a move that would have delayed next week's case or move a lot that tube. Other search officers, including one for 10 million, had already been made and rejected by Michael Shiveau, said his attorney George Filos. See, in the end, the parents were saying, oh, well, he wants the money from our will, it's money, well, if it's money, how can he turn down 10 million in an an a million? See, right. Terry Shiveau's parents are trying to keep her alive about a way. She's having a heart attack 15 years ago. Now 41, she's lived a since then, 15 years ago. My court appointed Dr. Scraly persistent vegetative state, Florida. Even if the husband did walk away, Filos said there's still a quarter to require removal of the tube at one PM next Friday. Oh, God, we can cover that with a blanket. We can have duck there, check it out the tube. A judge ordered that the feedings be stopped after finding current convincing evidence that you would not want to be kept alive in her current state. Florida and who the hell would. San Diego businessman Robert Herring who founded electronic company, later a cable and satellite channel, said he felt compelled to try to have the husband transferred legal rights to decide his life's medical treatment to the parents' vibe in Mary Shunberg. He's a guy that offered a million. I believe very strongly that these are many of their medical advances happening around the globe. They could very shortly have a positive impact on Terry's condition. Terry's offer is well known until Monday. Wait till you're there. According to a statement from his attorney, Gloria Alred, the mother, the mother, the mother, we hate her like poison that bitch venomous. The money has been deposited into a trust account Alred's LA law firm this statement said, Fibosit is time would not even consider any such proposals. Sounds like a red herring to me. Gloria Alred, hearing. You got it? Got it. Don't forget join George tomorrow. I don't have the idea why they, you know, who brought this in Miguel? No, of course. Yeah. It gives to me that almost the end of the show an hour-proning church is a parent's mother. I don't know that. I think many fellows involved in this make sure that it's a bomb nobody shows up. Although I know you really enjoy seeing those same misfits that show up over to Oregon. Could you give up? I'd better that. George will sign a seven-and-a-meat picture cards. And that's right. Why? I've autographed a million dollar bills. I'll be giving it. Yeah, there you go. Here's the way I think you want to get up and do a little dance for you. I know. I know. Sock puppet show this. See your armpits. Whatever it might. Whatever makes you happy, right? George tomorrow, five to seven-themed, we're going to use car and truck cell off going on a dolphin stadium. Spin the QMV, if there's some of those embarrassing, keep prizes. That's all we can afford. Enjoy it because we got so many useless people on the payroll. And George, fee-food to my life, and the city subsets tomorrow, Saturday, five to seven. I've got an estate in which used to be a PPM park, which used to be a Joravi city, which used to be a place where winning teams would play. The football anyways. But I had that real quick. We were Josh Adams. I'm sorry. Don't forget tomorrow, I'm Zest Wright, and my good friend, Roxie Brunstein, and the Oso-Davand boring. How many QA and hell? 10-Yoke? Yes, sir. They're going to name for you, Paul. Gary, you're free. Gary, you see, somebody out there and take you so much. And I'm going for only a couple of hours. And of course, if I read the whole list, that would preclude the possibility of her read the whole list, then we'll be here to the midnight. And we don't want to take any time away from Moe, who's going to be doing kissy kissy with J. Feele of this afternoon. J. Feele, by the way, I just want to tell you right now, he is bad. Is the main doubt about that Josh? Yes, he's weak. I mean, when AJ Feele touchy Feele of B2 out, when they say bye-bye, and probably the reason they have to be seen go to the jet is because naturally the competition there, you know? They'd love to see the jet's coming at town with AJ Feele playing. I mean, with the same difference, the J. Feele. AJ Feele. He is weak, man. He's one of these raw, raw, syscule, and bad, good college try, but he sucks. But for some reason, Moe's got this obsession. I mean, just obsessed. Maybe it's the juices. Oh, what do you think? They're tight, man. They are tight. Oh, man. If you weigh him, hello. You have snorham if you're having trouble. Yes, Norman. Sorry, I've been up time to get him with Neil. You're on right now. What do you got? Neil. Yep. Yeah, the Michael Jackson. Yep. That's a still. I mean, yeah. Come in to Q. I am, hello. Q. I am? Oh, I am. What do you think? Good. Good. I mean, we had the 80 minutes delay on today, too. Yeah. Come in to Q. I am, hello. Good night, Mr. Neil. Rogers. Wherever you are, hot. Chacha. Chacha. See? That's Jimmy DeRadi. Tonight, Mrs. Kala-Mage. Wherever you are. Hey, good. Think it to. Well, see a talent. Oh, what? Could he sing? He looked good. Oh, he's not our ugly lesson. We're deservedly so. Well, he was. He was really ugly. I mean, wow. Wow, these other people. They're like minorly ugly. We converted Jimmy DeRadi. Did you ever see him? Yeah, I saw clips. Yeah. And good. Think it to do. Like I said, you know, he's from the bald build to the movies to TV. He was just a, he was around. You know, Edwin was a very funny guy. He could be on here. But nobody knows who that is. He was a very funny, but he was a ugly. Huh? Nice hat. Yeah. Now, what have they called? I said, Bush girl, that's a version of where what did you say? You shake up. Yeah. I know you don't. That's what it's called. That's a golf term. 153 at 5. 60 QAM. You are listening to Neil Rogers. Who's his lady? I'm five six. Who's all of them? People are his dog and they watch that dumb. That's a looser. That's a looser. Who? All their wives, these sons, before. Who? All their women, he's made so. He threw them from his house. Who will make room for commons? That's billion-am-play boy, man-for. Do all their wives these times before. That narcissist think bad, care-born. Without cash, he said, sure. I dare say, Donald Trump, would have no prayer and hell for strong. That's why he threw them from his house. He threw them out from his house. What's this guy's smoking marijuana or getting high on his power? Who? All their wives, these sons, before. There's no question that he'll have more. Melania, number three, but I can't wait to see who Trump will take as number four. Who? All their wives, these sons, before. Who? All their wives, these sons, before. He said, sure. He threw them out from his house. Who? All their wives, these sons, before. He said, sure. He said, sure. He said, sure. He said, sure. We're almost out of time. We're almost out of time. Who's your favorite actor after some minute, big and spite of being youbly. A child's boss in 114, Steve or she, me 112, we got a battle over the weekend, man.