Alright, I'm just set it up north. How about that Joe Clucco huh? Joe Clucco. Didn't you see the story? No. Struck and killed a homeless man pushing his shopping cart on the major vegan expressway last night. No, we didn't see that this morning. Poor Joe. While the jet's just off to a bad start all the way around you know. Wow. Those were good days boy. The AJ do we days, uh, jets were good. The dolphins were good. Those were good. Good football days. So what happened Joe Clucco was driving on the major vegan then what happened? He's struck and killed like a piece. He's struck and killed a homeless man pushing a shopping cart. He had a pushty. Yeah. And on the major vegan. He said he didn't see him until it was too late because the car it was in front of him. Who was in the way and he couldn't see him. That could be true. Yeah, I don't know. I don't just believe that. I like Joe Clucco. He was alright. He's a great guy. He's a cool free train. What a player he was. He played. Yeah, who's a hell of a player back during the year when, you know, the league was worth watching. I mean, it was great. This stuff they're putting over now man. Last time his game was pretty good. Oh, it was worth pretty good. 14 to 10? Yes. I tuned in. It was 14 to 7 late in the first day. I've watched a few plays and I'm listening to all the hype about Michael Dick in about the McNave and listen it. And there's nothing going on, you know. That's because he's. Well, I see that's not my kind of game. I like defense. Especially to a highfalutin offense is like those two teams are just put to put a lot of points on the board. I don't want to see you. Well, it would Michael Victor. They're supposed to start putting a lot of points on the board. They don't against Philadelphia. Well, it's they're last year. They played against Philadelphia. Philadelphia held a ballast in 30 or a lot of points on the board against Philadelphia. Yes, they did. I just mentioned that in passing. Well, the Michael Victor doesn't play for the Patriots. I understand that. Well, thank God for that. Yeah. Michael Victor is a kind of quarterback. He's. He's. I'm a good player. Nice. He's. I have a nice stand. You know, just in case when the start getting the fall and winter time. He's stuck in their running knows a little fixed on your throat. There's always great joke. Like, oh, and Dwight Stevenson. Yeah. Those were great to offer. I prefer to add at least Stevenson myself. But then again, he was an egghead. I like that. Like who didn't have a chance against. But while he was divorced, he was an egghead. He was an intellectual and against the war hero. He had no chance. He was smart. That's what that Democrats started losing it. It was right about there with the, I like I like stuff. That's what the whole thing started going downhill. When they shot Kennedy, there was kind of like a message. Yeah. I would say the Kennedy's to the nice jobs that we've I've divided the Democrats after. Right. Well, they were trying. But then, you know, they messed with the wrong guys. That was the problem. You mean, Momo? They messed with the wrong guys. Like Momo. Right. You know, Momo is. I know he was. No, no. Sammy Giancarna. That was his nickname. Well, see him. No, no. Right. That's the way I said you had a line from the sunset. Yeah. I mean, you're a sense of voice. I'm the one that takes all the crap. And at the meantime, I'll arrest you guys. You hide under my blanket. You know, under my address. You get it. Oh, yeah. I get it all right. I get all the grief in the crap. And you're the guys like us sending all the venom or the venom like that guy said. Ventum. Yeah. Well, we got a thing where the guy talks about the ventum that I'm spewing in. There's some illiterate jackass out there. One of them. There's a few of those. Probably no time. Jacob. Hey, by the way, Tom. I'm sitting on the show this morning. It done. I mean, that words for word that thing he had in the Q&A on the TV books Sunday. Word for word was one that was in there about a year ago. You know, the bottom line is Tom doesn't like my show. And you know what? I really don't care. That's fine, Tom. I don't like your column either because you don't write about anything local. Nothing whatsoever. Today he's got two columns, two puff pieces about TV shows. Never TV shows. That would make just about as much sense in manhass it or in P.O.R. or any place else as they would sell Florida. There's nothing that he writes at anything local. Nothing. He wrote a couple years ago about how I'm out of touch with the area where we would have market because I'm sitting my fat ass down there. You're in the one that's out of touch, Tom. Get with it. He's just lazy. He's like most people in South Florida. He's just lazy. Just going through the motion. He works for a foreign ball news paper. And he's just lazy. I like that paper. No. I get you from the Miami News from the dog racing base. I like that paper, right? I like the Harold. The news. Yeah. Oh, the news was a good news. I'm so sentimental. Oh, right. You're like anything better than a Harold. That was a good paper. Did you see you about where Jim the feed was the no chargers are going to be right? Filing in. Don't you think the Harold should just fight the bullet and bring him back? No. That wouldn't that would be on a character for them. Forget about what's in character. Well, I'm just saying. What's the right thing to do? I never should have came to him in the first place. They should have stood behind him. Okay. They should have stood behind him. Like a newspaper is don't do unethical things. Well, there was paper. This is the same newspaper that had Tom Feetler running around in New Z.L. French code chasing Gary Hart and Donna Rice and they're writing about ethics and about it's against the law. Oh, contact the craft. Well, there are some management that don't stand behind their people when they have a story. That's for damn sure. Not to mention any names. First I had Falun's Waila. Hey, Goldberg is the Patrick Falun's Waila broadcast in ladies and gentlemen. Make no mistake about it. I've served a lot of days. He's. If he farts the wrong flavor man, automatic suspension. It's in his contract. He gets juiced. Wow. That'd be the poll question. Would you rather get juiced or juiced? Last Rafi. Last Rafi. Last Rafi. You can choke up about that. Last Rafi. About that. We'll see what Eliana Grosana Dan. I noticed he's pretty quietly. About all her heroes there. Yeah. He's a quick and English hero. It's Rafi and Jose and all his other crap. You know what? Thinking about that about those ridiculous hearings on steroids. It's the same thing is what I watched yesterday afternoon, which I have no idea why I watched it. And the stupid hearings, these confirmation hearings on John Roberts. Yeah. Why is it necessary for the members of the政治 judiciary to make openings statements? Well, but it looks to other than the district. They're like a bunch of Pamas, Pompas, asses, and pontificate. Pup, pup, pup, pup. Who cares about all these opinions, okay? Supposedly. There's another kindness. People in the history of this country have been eye-tai in Americans. Yeah, right. Exactly. By the way, what happened to that guy? Yeah. He didn't even know our name. Now let's see. That was got father 2. Yes. Godfather 2. I had his moments. I didn't like it as much as one. Everybody, Towscott, father 2 is being the better one, but I don't think so. No, because it didn't have a father. It didn't have a Marlon Brando, right? But all I caught in his cheek. But that was the best one I've got. And they have a much better character than the first one. Oh, yes. Except for Haiman Roth. Well, his acting was a little, you know, leastrostberg. Oh, he's got his grace. You thought he was great in that movie? Oh, yeah. He wasn't as good as E.I. Wallach when he ate the canole. No. That's right. That was got father 3. That was the worst that was the worst. Oh, brother. But, you know, you did it. I could be a character. I could be a character. And when that scene, when they're, they get hit in the land of city in the casino, you know. Oh, yeah. And the shandle, the shandle, the shard, start shaking and hear the choppers overhead. That scene, the his acting and that scene is so, embarrassingly bad. And he used to be a great actor. E.I. Wallach is he still alive. I think he did. He was a great actor one time. Well, I must have been a hell of a lot before I was born. It was Jesus. God, that performance. He made so fee a couple of look. It was horrible. That. Oh. Like I said, if they would have killed that bitch in the beginning of the movie, would have improved by a million times. Then George Hamilton, he sure fit in with that family. Didn't he? But how was he doing in there? Who cast that movie anyway? Somebody really desperate, I guess. A little budget. You know, you would think, with all the budget cuts, they made it four to broaden a Robert Duval back. I didn't like Garcia, any Garcia, and it either. No, and I don't like him at all in anything. He just deletes me limp. Especially when he was standing out there in front of Ely. Ely, I need to adopt a family house there and a little van. That he just left me him in. What's your name there? That was a reality show. Him in the, what's in the singer? The supposed singer, the boy, a step on. Yes. Putting on a big dog and pony show there for all the old green tooth crowd. Oh, Ely, I'll get to hell. A lot of year ago, back and make some other crap movie. Okay, and cut the crap. These people have taken so seriously, you know. To what? Think about me. I realize it's all a pile of crap here. I just give me the money. Let me go to a window and lose my ass and that's it. No, they're seriously. That's all. Just let me go and enjoy it. Let's face a distillation where a bunch of dotting old Jews here. We have how many days we got left. You were counting on a finger's of one hand. Let's enjoy them all we can. I'm with that. Put up with a lot of crap. That's right. That's why I'm just ignoring that piece of turd. What a life is too short to let anybody just, just pee on your parade. You know, it's funny shining. It's going to be like, You've got to heat wave here. It's going to be like almost 90 today. Up there? Yeah. Wow. It's going to stop Thursday. It'll be back like in the mid 70s. I'm pretty sure. Yeah, but human. Yes. And you got to, Greg, I heard it rain like crazy a couple days ago. You're going to be into the world. I thought it was. I thought it was. I didn't hear what he was just holding your head. Oh, sad side. Yeah. It's freezer. Fine, all those things. But it's yeah. A lot of good reasons not to be there. I'll tell you. I've got to life. I'm thinking about the West. Yeah. I like the West. Like West Broward? No, West West. Sand Diego. I love that area. Now let me ask you if Bearplace. I don't want to get into horse racing because that'll be the end of my audience. But Bearplex, where is that? That's South Los Angeles. See, I don't understand a racing schedule out there. I've been to Hollywood Park. I haven't been to the other one. It's a fair circuit. It's a real small track like a bullring type thing. Because I noticed that most of the jackeys that ride there if Bearplace aren't the same ones. But Bear Bearplace doesn't have a different group of voters. It's a different group of voters. It's a different group of voters. Mark team for the throws is always a leading jackeys. See David Cohen is there. Now do you ever figure out who he was? He was the producer. He was the producer. He was the producer. He was the producer. He was the producer. David Cohen. Yeah. And his brother Marty Cohen. Eddie Quinn's stand. You know why? This is a great story. Yeah. They're doing a remote from the place. He was Jewish. They're doing a remote from Flagward Dog Track one night. And they went partners. Eddie and three and Cohen didn't get in. And he rooted against them when the race was going on. And they never spoke to him again and had him take an office show. You know something that's like that old saying it's not important that you win, but that your friends lose. Don't you need people like that? Oh yeah. People like Rude against you. Yep. Hit that. I'm rooting for you. Yeah. Have a good day at wood fine. Huh? I'm not on that schedule anymore. Well, now that I'm back to my five days when I have time to go to wood fine. Only Saturday morning. Once a week. That's enough. I can lose plenty of Saturday. That's what I'm down to now. Why don't you have any time religion campaigners to go on. Travis. Can't be pissed me up. Five thirty in a morning. Five fifty. He keeps coming early every week. Pretty soon. I'm going to get up and three o'clock in the morning. Picks me up 25 minutes. We're out there by a thing. I walk in. There's almost such a great feeling. The walk into a casino. There's almost nobody there. Well, of course in your case, you can do different things because you play table games or you're. Oh, and I know what I wanted to tell you. Falls view and Niagara Falls. I take back what I said. I told you, don't ever go there. Yeah. They're opening. Maybe it's already open. The biggest sports book in North America. They can't have a sports book. Have a good party. Sports betting is illegal everywhere. But Nevada. No, it is not. Yes, it is. Not here. I'm talking about the United States. Niagara Falls Ontario. Oh, on the Canadian side. Yeah. Okay. What do you think? I just made that up. We said Niagara Falls. Yeah. I wasn't bad. But I was stopping at American thinking man. Have you ever been to Niagara Falls in New York? Yeah. Let's get serious. I have. Have an Indian casino there. I had dinner one night with Rick Weaver and Henry Barrow overlooking the falls. Oh, man. I had dinner with Rick Weaver in his wife one time with Bill Cauder in his wife and Rick All Rick talked about was Rick. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. And he smelled bad then too. He was great though. I'll tell you that. He was the boy. He was no Jimmy Siffleus, but he was a great broadcaster. Remember the white hankies, the white towels, whatever. He was sure. Yeah. He made sure you knew that he was the voice. Yeah. He was very nice to me. I mean, you know, we were nice to meet you. He was always very nice to me. I had no problem with it. I mean, there were a lot of people that hated his ego and stuff like that. I mean, I work with him for 15 years. Yeah. And the only thing he ever said to me was stop talking when they break the huddle. Yeah. That was it. That was the only way. I'm going to tell you something. This epidemic of these color renounters are just doing a whole game like that. Buck Martina's did to boot together. That's these people need to be mixed last. I'm getting tired of it. These guys are legends in their own minds. Buck, buck, buck. I like Denise Potter and on the Panther games man. Stuff a towel and his big fat French Canadian mouth. They're oh, God. Of course he probably eaten. They open camp, what next week? I think this week and baby first leaf sex division game. This Sunday the 18th. All leaf sex division games will be on leaf TV. Each of your hearts out you people. You don't have no leaf TV. I got it. And the panthers. I'm going to tell you, panthers are going to be good this year. Yeah. They got a lot of good. I'm serious. They got you look at their lineup. They have one of the local papers here at all. All the lineups for all the teams in league of the day. And I'm looking at their roster man. They got very few of these people. And nobody ever heard of before. They have like a lot of really top players. Plus, plus the youngsters in the organization. You know, Horton and Bowmaster in the Stevie. Why's they're coming along. They're going to be a damn good team. I wouldn't be surprised that when they're division this year. Because they were in that awful division. They have enough scoring. Yeah. You got Gary Roberts now in New and Dike in Horton. And, in fact, I think they're bringing back Tim Horton to bring the donuts for the team. I was told they could use one more good score. No. I think they're going to be just fine. The only problem they've got is that with this new schedule where you played the teams in your own division 80 million times. Ah. There are no worse division. I mean as far as draw against Washington and Atlanta and Carolina. Oh, nothing could be fine at it. We'll eliminate Carolina. God. No, no, seriously. There is no reason. Hockey is never going to make it in Carolina. They can build an arena on every street court. It's not going to make it there. It's like sell a halivari. Eskimo. It's not going to work. Is he going to make it here? Well, if the people I'm telling you, I got ahead of you. I want to hear that. I am about that stuff. But I think Keenan and Jacques de Frog. I think they're put together a good team there this year. So, you know, it just depends on whether the people respond or not. The only just turns it all over the Kian. He goes, well, that's the first mark move he ever made. Alan Cohen. It's about time Alan turned over to somebody who understands again. Because Keenan made a lot of good moves. Yel and I and Gratton and New and Dijk and Robert say made a tremendous acquisitions in the offseason. The only thing they did bad was pissing off of a brutal long ago. That was not a good move, but nevertheless, they'll keep you. He'll be fine. He'll be okay. You know, there's a tie in hot tempered guys. Well, listen. I'll tell you something. The tie in, so if contributed a lot to this country. Well, guess what? Okay, we're already past our first break. Have a great day. See you. Bye. Well, I started losing my hair. I'm on my contours, too. I tried smoking, but it didn't do a thing for me. When Rogan doesn't work, time again. Snowmobile is scientifically proven to grow you a full thick helmet of hair. Just like mouth and the face touches have been using mogan for just three weeks. My hair grew in is thick as most. More important. I got my company back, too. Now I'm more assertive. Try your wife in today. Hey, shut up. You lame brain. I was talking. What did you say? I said can it. Not go ahead. Why are you? You want a what? Why are you doing a jiffle? No, no, no. Oh, why is guy, huh? See that? I'm going to go. I'll take that. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Especially for me. Because people look like curly. 10. 15. It's a great crossover this morning. We could have kept going for another hour or two. You know, probably should have. Except we got the brakes. I always like starting to show up on right into a brake. Especially when it's a good segue from mogan into Chuck Alphayeri. And that brilliant or fake. Just an accident. I'll take credit for it. Drudge Packen. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for you. Jack decides to go skiing with his buddy Bob. They load up Jack station wagon and head north after driving a few hours. They get caught in a terrible blizzard. They pull into a nearby farmhouse and ask the attractive lady of the house if they can spend the night. Well, I'm recently widow. She explains that I'm afraid the neighbors would talk if I let you stay in the house. Not to worry Jack says we'll be happy to sleep in the barn. Well, nine months later, Jack gets a letter from the widows attorney. He calls his friend Bob and says do you remember that good looking with all of the farm we stayed at? Well, yes, I do. Well, did you happen to get up in the middle of the night? Go into the house and make love to her? Yes, I have to admit I did. Well, did you happen to use my name instead of telling her your name? Bob Space Turns ready. He says yes. I'm afraid I did to which Jack says well, thanks a lot. Jack says she just died and left me your farm. Paul Harvey. Good day. It's a 20 past year. That's kind of cute. Yeah. Not hysterical. But kind of cute. We can't be hysterical anymore a little time because we can enjoy store the time. From 108 votes on the police and it's not too shabby. I'm a little slimy but the result wasn't too shabby. Other than your president, the most pathetic right wing ass croft is he was on all over the place yesterday. Yes. That's a very objective guy to have on her commentating on John Robertson and his confirmation series is John Ascroft for the lot of makeup I did. Who is there? Yeah. Lot of pancake makeup. Well, he wants to look as pasties the dead guy. He allows to a Missouri for the Senate. Oh, the worst lawful makeup. The most pathetic right wing and goofball is Rush Limbaugh 301. Was there ever any doubt you pill popping hypocritical? Although Tommy likes to show a lot. I'm sure. And Rush doesn't read a whole lot of newspaper articles on the once in a while. I understand he does. Which that's bad. You better cut it out. Tom's going to start ripping your ass. Okay. That's a good one. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. I'm going to start ripping your ass. Great theme. Terrible show. I'm going to do nothing on this list. Even though Barty Jones gets his man. That's what Bill Ross used to send. Bill Ross to the weatherman. That was supposed to weigh in Chandler to the weatherman. Who was your favorite? Twenty seven after 10. Those were the days. Baby, we had some interesting personalities on local TV night. Just kind of much of revolving faces. And other than bright-four waterdale. Nobody even knows who Aaron and Tony cigarette or nobody knows when those people are anymore. You know what? Every time I come back to town, you turn on your TV and who are these people. I mean, just a bunch of non-annadies. I'm my junior honey. Ring it, ring it. Ring it, ring it. Ring, ring, ring, forring, ring. I hold. Kermitty Pro here. King King. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to. Come on. Who should be Kermit Pro? Yeah. Kermit Pro. Kermit. Kermit Pro. Kermit Pro. Kermit Pro. Kermit Pro. Kermit Pro. Kermit Pro. It's 90VV3, it's 90VV, I hope I hope That's one point you're having is five That's one point you're five, I hope That's one point you're having is five Do the crewman for a year That's come, so, to them, that's them That's them, that's them, that's them That's them, that's them, that's them That's them, that's them, that's them That's them, that's them, that's them That's them, that's them, that's them That's them, that's them, that's them That's them, that's them, that's them Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, so, with me, like they're doing a ramekin' ride or a mogen Oh, the, the curbette, where the hell that come from? You don't have that? No, that's kind of cute It's from somewhere, I guess it's from ACN, I don't know, with Deloino All right, let me take a look, are you really care where it's from? Well, you know, I have children I see, it's from, it's the first bit on ACN, number 301 This number 301 for those of you keeping track of their keeping square Right at the, you get the cable, let's get some more bad TV shows for the list here What do you say, huh? Gotta give them some kind of an assignment, something to do While I got my huge pile here again I don't wanna get Tommy, I've said, or Miguel Now it's really, everything gonna go and just find on this show, things are going along Swimmingly well, and the checks are actually showing up on time once in a while now And ratings are big and gigantic and juicy and stuff like that And always got to be a few mount contents Yeah, man, cause that's the stuff for the FN way 567, now that guy had a line 9, whoever the hell I think is something I'm gonna take that call first He's probably right, WQAM, hello And you know how you doing? Pretty good? Hey, neither post New York, awful Why is? Why they can't do on this side? I live a Rochester, so I don't want to far away from there You live a Rochester? Yeah, not far from the TV Not be the one Right, well what do you want to write? Like you tell me where Rochester is like, I was born in Rochester, sir At Strong Memorial Hospital Do you want to write how to write? I was going to bring back Donna Bob's all come back I went to school at Brighton Elementary right next to Donna and Bob So, not that anybody in the Saudi is curious but then again they're insensitive When you were in North, Chilai is I'm sure, not far from here Can we write? Yeah, not far from Gauge, which is a Guinea bill What? Yeah? Hey listen, you know how I'm doing? I'm sorry, hey, I'm going to pick it up in Guinea, is it going to come in here And make you into an old Guinea Hey Neil, have you been on that the fast, the ferry that goes across the lake? No, that one of the things that I want to catch is a breaking down, no Yes, okay, I don't know if you can see much of other theories but that's because I'm into one Well that's the biggest thing in Christbread over here and nobody Far would, I would, I'm not even so anybody in Rochester You want to get to know a lot of the city and come to Toronto to come to a real city Hey, if I could, uh, machines in the TV I put the slots in? Yeah, they put the slots in there There's a lesson for all your people you want to save the permutules You've got to have the slots And here on the local cable, they have, uh, we can set up a old TV account That right through the TV right off the wall There you go, it can lose your ass and run on your fan-ass at home, excellent Okay, well, let's just say hi to a buddy bullmar and buddy Gilmore and all the others And have a great life Here's a guy from Rochester, how do you like that? It used to be a hell of a city, the flower city with a lilac And the ran east and park in Caboza Now he's listening online, obviously he's in Rochester Yeah And times you could say, well, let's go to your from Rochester Nobody else would listen to your show online All I got news for it, you know, if you look at the domain report on our website every day George on that stance page, we got people listening in Saudi Arabia Yeah, we sure as hell hope that's American soldier who's something over there Not there, you know, I'm sure it is Not the Saudis, not the royal family that were always ripping an ass And that we ought to invade there and cook up a big picture Take their damn oil, the obnoxious anxious Saudis, the greatest breeders of terrorism And the fanaticism anywhere in the world, a bunch of grave robbers But they are snappy dresses I love their outfits man, especially those mood rings Come in to QAM, hello Meow, yes sir What about any show on MTV? Pick one About a punk Okay, punk, there you go And what about Jackass? So, okay, this is the history, yeah, we can put Jackass on this Why? I thought it was over, but I guess it doesn't matter The worst TV show of all time is That's the poll question Mr. Hachat Hey Jackass is an inspiration to teenage boys all over the world To go on and do us the things and break their neck and break somebody else's neck Right, do it's a show for Moron's kind of this show WKOM, hello Hey Neal, how's it going? Pretty good, paly Got one for the poll Excellent How about, you know, I don't remember the name but it was this stupid show With a 10 night back in the day he had a hand puppet And he was like a cartoonist, do you remember it? Ted Knight had a hand puppet Yeah, he was a cartoonist, lived in his, he worked out of his house I'll be there Well, no, no, how did Google it? That was the one when they gave me a guy at it with Jim, wasn't he? Well, Google, oh Jim J. Bullock Oh man, hey Jim J. You're fairy She just gives me, she's filthy, he's your master of Alice, man, tell Jim J. Bullock Gee, life In fact, who do you like better? Jim J. Bullock or Sandra Bullock No contest, I like her a lot, she's good I don't care what anybody says So she may not be like the heavy duty serious actor She could do anything well Let me say it again Do not watch the movie Gardens state, I warn you yesterday Four stars, highly touted Biggest piece of turd, I've wasted two hours watching my life Just garbage, swirl Even though what's your name was very good in it? Natalie Portman, right? She's good I'd like your like Natalie Portman? I like her server right up, are you kidding? No, not only that, I mean, but she was, she was very good She did a good job acting In the movie, unfortunately, they beat Hot Shot's act Braff, he was pretty weak, lame He kind of like, we're minded like, just like one step up from Adam Sandler WQAM, hello, or maybe one step up Yes sir Yeah, I mean, I'd just like to say that we want our good That two Henry is the biggest, big, stag stopper ever Yeah Two Henry's, two needs to be fist shot Are you sure? I guess so What you told me, he just said, well that, that to me sounds like Kind of a stab in the back of the assman This is the new Roger Oh, here we go, now that guy, oh, that's the old woman who's right We've got the Christian issue to track Christian, you're at the way Welcome Past the new she knew I was a bit And a Christian, that's the reason it's been A stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid Christian, you're back so way Welcome Christian, you're back so way Oh, the Roger, I'm a little too Christian, you're back so way Are you sure? Two steps Two steps Two to judge And you're a little too Push the sky Who would they take her I'll show you something Merry Christmas back so way You're back so many times And everything all that is got Like make the love piece of tough And Christian, you're back so way You're back so many times Keep the children home Under the prophecy of magic Go, by the Christian, you're back so way Oh, the Christian, you're back so way You're back so many times Christian, you're back so many times Christian, you're back so many times I'm back so many times I don't Brownie, you're doing a hell of a job By the way, it's 14 people 11 and 5 and 60 WCM In fact, wasn't it was skill I was always talking about that brownie How was it? Ted Night Show with the puppets was too close for comfort Let's put that on your right away I do that Two dollars were hot and had huge hudders No, no By the way, what are the boys doesn't care about black people I think the guy works Sanchez van over the fillet Says the facts, okay? A little old and tonderers, but thanks for the info Want to show you already knew that? Yeah, I know what other girls had big hudders The other one was flat at the board What about Ted Night? There's a fact that's about How do you like that? From Channel 10's website Miami Heat Center wants to be a crime fighter Shack attack leads to man's arrest And Miami Beats, nice going Fuck! She's killed on Eales being called a hero Not for a skills on the basketball court For a skills fighting crime Miami Beats police said the Heat Center heard one man verbally attack Another for being gay Around 3am, Sunday, while in the 300 block of Washington, Avenue The suspect laid right in If I'd as Michael Dunn Zalaz Venture a beer bottle of the victim hitting him in the back And Zalaz fled and silver-hond and drove toward Palm Island The diesel contact in off-duty police officer At Palm Island provided a description of the vehicle And the suspect, the officer questioned Gonzalez And arrested him on suspicion of assault With the deadly weapon and aggravated battery How do you like that? Only he'll say that's Shack He's interested in becoming a police officer When you're terrorist from the NBA The 7-foot 1-inch player is currently training Become a reserve police officer for Miami Beats Already completed a training program with the US Marvel's office in Virginia There's a kind of cops who need a big imposing guy like A rat! Tim, the log arm of the law there That's right, the big hit of the law 560, let's get a list of about 3400 here Then I can go one with my big pile here And get Tom, Jika, really aggravated enough set And we go And anybody else out there would IQ the size of their thumb 560, 560, 560, 560 And he provides them singing a wireless line Here's our award-winning QAM line up today We got the mole-mysterate too Little of that mole game couldn't hurt Mad Dog at four, Hurricane Hotline at seven We're here about that Marlins are decked at seven, 30, then the Marlins That dog fell man, he is a god, he's the best Yes, he is just on the way I'm plus hit a homerolized knight To top it all off, a little icing on the cake A to two win over the assures last night To Marlins right now with a slim visit a half game That's right Half game lead in a wildcard race And of course, filling one again, they beat a lanel Last night, so you got a tremendous 3-way race I think it's between the Marlins and Filly To be honest with the costumes Seems to be going into a coma They couldn't score in a fixed game They can't score any runs Anyway, the Marlins at the Astero's 8 o'clock tonight Big game and then at EK after the ball game WDQAM, hello The Golden Girl Oh god, that's a good one, it's a celebrity honor though It sounded for Major Yes, it should have been called the Golden Girls Not the Golden Girls, good girl, my matlock for chicks Yeah, there you go Kind of like this station WDQAM, hello QAM Hello Yes sir How are you doing, the ups are... Don't be sorry I wanted to memode to the Miami Police Department Don't have a shack doing any undercover work But I wanted to thank you and George for that suggestion On irreversible order for prom movie that was Not me, that was your gymson Are you going to see that movie? I mean, it's just... I'm afraid Really, really well done, are to watch Hey, do you think the Panthers got a great deal on... Who's the poor, they just signed for like two and a half million If they're main player, I'm drawn a plan Uh, you're getting older, you're getting... I mean, they're stolen for that amount, didn't I? Yeah, I think so Well, we'll see what you're going to show us up He played great couple scenes ago And then the season after that he was like a lost kind of landed a lost Well, that's a good point But I mean, he's vastly underpaid I mean, when you look at some of the forwards with a bro and just sign for... I think that... Oh, Rongo is vastly underpaid too, but they took his shot with our betrays And he lost these good and 3.2 million, he's worth a lot more than that I couldn't agree with you more, he'll be gone after this year Yeah, I think that's going to be a hell of a team notice here I think the Panthers are going to win the division Yeah, wait to see some games, let hockey's back Okay, pal, okay, okay, thanks for telling my audience Just in joke, he weighed a little hockey intensive there Let's do some hockey talk, we got the exhibition scenes starting pretty soon I'm going to come for you to see Brendan Bell With a little jelly ass... There's letters, baby leaves Now that the Toronto Marlies this year, they're moving from the same John I know Georgia's upset about that because he was going to go up to same John And see some baby leaves games I cried for an hour WQAM, hello All right, what's it, are you? Okay, I'm glad WQAM, hello Thank you Yes sir Regarding the Holy Oak and... Okay WQAM, hello The Holy Holy is morning Pretty good Good to have you back full of time Yes it is A couple of full suggestions Or for future polls, I should say it's John Help you out and know you're starting with a five day It's kind of you a lot of pressure Ah, please I call these the Angry Polls I've brought this up to Georgia, I'm not sure if you did it or not But what anger she most about other drivers And things like that What callers angry at most? Like for example, I get really upset and tired of hearing people Is this Neil? Just in case you can Neil Yeah We only been doing the screenless for about 100 years now You think that they listened to the show more than five minutes They can't shout at that But that class, I guess they with a guard who were calling They would have pull free time That was good That was a great return to the full city Almost made it worthwhile coming back Thanks a lot, Sally Good to have you Have a great day And that was good You missed that call man Your life ain't worth a dime Ha ha ha Bell South It was beautiful Nice job I've actually worked as an ASAF on that You know that was promo Were they right? Did they make a promo? Yeah, I'll tell you that The promo for the homo At least two major corporate clients of lobbyists Joe all-baw president pushes former campaign manager Informer head of the FEMA Have already been tapped to start recovery Work along to better Gulf Coast One is Sean Group Inc And the other is Haliburton company Some city or a Kellogg Brown and Root Remember baby Root? Why is president dictating as we know Is former head of Haliburton? Borkie you might as well manage to grab He must be getting Bectel National Inc A unit of San Francisco based Bectel Corporation has also been selected by FEMA to provide short term housing for people Displaced by the hurricane Bush named Bectel CEO to his export council and put the former CEO of Bectel energy in charge of the overseas private investment corporation Many of the same company seeking contracts in the week of the hurricane have already received billions of dollars for work in Iraq It must be just a coincidence Haliburton alone is in more than nine billion dollars Pentagon audits released by the democrats in June showed over a billion dollars in question cost and 422 million dollars in unsupported cost for the Haliburton work in Iraq But the web of Bush administration connections is attracting me new detention from Modsdog groups and the post-Cutriner Reconstruction rush Congress has already appropriated more than $60 billion in emergency funding as a down payment arm recovery efforts projected to cost well over a hundred billion The government has got a stop stacking senior positions with people who are repeatedly caching and on the public trust in order to further private commercial interest a Danielle Bryan executive director of the project and government oversight Am I suggestion Danielle is a big deal and the the rate of the american public your tax dollars hard work to screw your man they're sticking it to you and thanks again for those bargain baseman gas prices they're saying now don't look for gas ever again under two bucks again ever and out for us the averages over three bucks again that's for regular as opposed to your regular there's a run uh... uh... they can reach the statute you better fare studies if unanimously LOC for the recording BB's what the cash and touch boos support you wroteon scriss can dnd work involvement i tb it's I dot my policy shot by this are you makes while that orאני me saying phrase ANS principles uh... taking our And the growing unrest among Christians threatens to be a road president pushes most loyal base. Wow. We had no plan for making the peace. We continue as a superpower to be arrogant. And we have acted as though as all as well when, in fact, daily we have reports of suicide bombings and more disruptions in Iraq said the Reverend Bob Edgar. Although he's general secretary of the National Council of Churches, a coalition mainline Protestant Orthodox denominations and the National Council of Churches is always considered to be a bunch of comedy kinkos. That's right. And the hurricane Katrina, boished doesn't want to hear people say it didn't go well said Edgar, a Democrat who was president of Clermon School of Theology from 1990 to 2000. So some of the less militant Christians, I don't want to say, aha, you murdering Bastard will have blood on your hands, you bozo, you knit with you simple tin, you evil doer, but nevertheless, look at the BDIs and that's your unrovers man. If he, he's got like only bigger eyes, but the same kind of beating us as the new Nazi Pope. Wow. How can you not see that? What kind of body wash the a new Pope uses? Jewish after he takes that holy crap. Former Miami Fire Chief replaces FEMA's be-leagueer director. Downtown Mickey Brown, you're doing a hell of a job brownie hound. They must have showed that clip how many times he's stood up. Oh, just wait over again. Nice going. They're finally catching on. Okay, they're finally ripping an ass where it ought to be ripped. Faced with a torn of criticism over faulting Hurricane relief efforts, President Bush named a former Miami Fire Chief to replace Michael Brown, Brownie, who resigned yesterday, instead of the FEMA. Totally unqualified. The International Arabian Horse Association, my ass. I mean, you know, so they're, this stuff is coming up, but it's just amazing to me the way they let this guy off to. This man had no qualifications. None. None. And they showed all these people even as of yesterday. And Mississippi and all these towns Gulf Port and the blocks. And they're like, where is FEMA? Where is FEMA? And they showed this one be-leagueer guy who's a side of like, you know, go check out 10,000 houses. Where is FEMA? After a stormy record of misplaced aid in Florida and slow response to this act, or the Mississippi Delta, Brownie stepped aside to try to spare Bush and FEMA in the distractions of further political attack. Because he was absolutely and totally just like the president, unqualified is what it is. And you people just like Michael Morrison, I'd like to do that. You people had voted for him. Congratulations. Thank you so much, too. This is New Roger. This is 516 of the Delta. This is from Hax, congratulations. Get a life. Coming up tonight on Inside the Barn, the true Hollywood celebrity Musicography profile story. These beautiful, aching ballots defined a beautiful aching spirit of the Rain-mass Wossie A.D.s. He was Richard Marx. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. Well, I've always had this need to see before he broke through his own ass puckeringly, modeling solo career. Marx was a well-known backup singer with other pacified wips, acts like Lionel Richie. Right. I'm one of the voices there that sounds like a girl. Look, I knew I was riding a quick wave with Richard. There was only that brief period in the late 80s when women got all moist over breathy guys of questionable sexuality with feathered Farah Foss and Hair. Former Richard Marx manager, Swathe Goal. You found a Richard ever got over it. It's sad, really. Every week night, since the late 80s, he stood on a street corner and Hollywood, hoping somebody might still care. Poor guy. He really is still right there waiting. Wherever you go, my old audience. Whatever you do, I will. I will be right here waiting for you. Hey baby, you want some of this? What? Are you a boy or a girl? I was gonna ask you the same question. Richard Marx, perhaps we've been unfahered to him. So what's your point? It's a big juicy, sobbing when I look at show business tonight on inside of a guy. Hey, she was really great that Richard Marx. In fact, it seems to me that back when they had zated days that Richard Marx was in concert somewhere like it somewhere. And we were sponsoring it. Remember the bird ran off of Richard Marx? The worst TV show of all time is Anna Nicole show 64 growing a throwing up gotty 46. F. Rosie O'Donnell show 33, Jerry Spirigman 25, He Hawks 21, American Idol 19, Fear of Backter 19, All of T. Some worms, Cockrocks 17, Oprah 14, Ducs of Hazard 11, The View 10, The Brady Bunch Hour 9, Full House 7, Le Vernon Scourly 5, Shlimie O'Slamazel, The Nanny 5, Shlamazel, My mother the Car 5, Everybody loves Raymond Foe, Green Eggers 4, No kid porcupine now. Beverly Hillbillies 3, Extreme Makeover 2, Punky Brewster 2, Golden Girls 2, Jackass 1, Punked 1, Noby Web Game 1, Bob U Banks and his stiff neck CSI 1, Mod 1, Blind Day 1, Merid Wood Chillin 1, Bay Watch 1 and Nanny at 4, Two Closed for Cover Magnum for you. And a bunch of other ones like Will and Grace, Rugrats, Madlock, Come Improvement and He Hawkes, Out of the first 225 vote. We got a shot of 400 votes today Josh. Yeah, we just have to push it. A Blanch Ealy High School student face criminal charges and certain are spashing after a gunny brought to school to Sergeant Clash. He was playing with it and went off. It was just another algebra class every 185, a Blanch Ealy High Monday morning. Yesterday morning around 1035 when a gunshot rang out. Nobody was hurt when the bullet hit the floor and ricochet into the wall and see. Americans and their obsession with guns with like a sickness is like a national illness. It's like me and the sugar ice cream in candy. Say it's an illness. The 15 year old freshman whom they heard is not identifying because of the Zades. Totally tech is last night. He was playing with a clock 9 millimeter handgun when it went off. Somebody should have told that kid. Sometimes when you play with it, it goes off. He says he found the gun in the field said BSO spokesman Jim Layah. Who added detectives are investigating the claim. Teen parents turned him in at 730 last night at BSO's company. It's just a office after the gun went off. Everybody spilled on the hallway. Apparently thinking it was a firecracker. Students in the 30 said 115 year old a city was in the class. He first thought a ceiling tower light had exploded. Students said they were stunned and a classmate had brought a gun to school. I was scared to leave class 17 year old. Not dead and boys are junior. I didn't believe that I was like girl please. Girl please. Of course your own as please. You know what? Who would kids take guns to school? Shatham in the lake. Well, well said. Yeah, that's a good idea. Just take my head. Say listen. You might hurt somebody. Like this. You might have to happen to somebody else. Kids have bringing guns to school. Boy. I think you might have seen American public. Seeing some people might say they're resilient. I would say stupid in different callous. In sensitive. No matter how much human suffering that. That's why this tremendous outpouring with Katrina and everything else. How much more seconds you think that's going to lay. That's it. That's the end. All this crap about already. Merkin. But that business in column volume when you stop and think about it. And then of course we had that epidemic. We had about for a couple of years there. We had like about a half a dozen of those episodes. And it's just, you know, to some people who might consider themselves civilized, you just wonder what that's all about. Well, I'm pissed off. I was, you know, people made fun of me. So I'm going to roll a bunch of people away. See, the American people don't teach their kids. It's quite all this. We surgeons are religious, yosity in America. They don't teach their kids anything about respect for human life. And like I've always told you, a country where the value of human life is Nill and I exist and can never be a great country. America wants to put a Thomas a great country. But that's a long time ago. Kind of like that when I was young. Kind of like that when I was young, Harry Oron. Speaking of great TV shows. My vote for the full for the worst show ever from Vernon is green acres. It's already on their Vernon. And all time favorite to hate night man. I have no idea. Super hero with corny powers and a corny sidekick. Night man and we're that show. It's hot, convertible for it. Well, it's okay. I think they read what episode of it. Well, I was more than enough. He says night man gets that on their right away. First of the was only one episode. How many people saw that? 560 pound five 60 and he Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. So far and in the coolest pulled away from throwing up gotty. And I think you're right because throwing up gotty is on E&E. Right as many people have seen it. And you know what if you haven't seen it? Don't paste the ground. Kiss your TV set. Kiss the tube. W2AM. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay, pal. I got the ultimate answer to your poll today. Yeah. How much survivor? That's the one that started over the reality bull crap. Okay. You know, survivor anywhere we can just make it generic. Survivor Geneva, survivor is the one. No, survivor's service after the end of the civil bull. Survivor sort of like six years ago. Right. I just said, I understand. You just repeating yourself. I mean, did I miss any state? What he said? No, he did. He was said. Survivor. He like trying to say it's like generic because we could put the civic survivor. Like survivor, well, can and they go a survivor, a lock port. Let me say again Buffalo blows. Okay. Although the bills did win their game now. Who did? Who did they play that they beat up? Well, the other day went at the 10 year old quarterback. Jackson. Jackson. Oh, Houston. My last like a little girls team. Okay. Buffalo blows. It's better. There you go. Nothing changes. W2QAM. Hello. I'm Camille. Yes, sir. Good morning. Buenos dias. You know, I was going to make a suggestion for models and he's back to being. Okay. I'm not sure if I can do it. W2QAM. Hello. It's not that I'm just tired of that. Okay. If you want to call him up. I have no woman in my life for him. No mode. Welcome back. Thank you. Yesterday's phone. I learned it. It's a driver. Pretty fun. Who's good? What's the sentence? What's the sentence? What's the sentence? What's the sentence? What's the sentence? How loud. You have a loud voice. How about a real TV show? You could go to my away me show on her too. But I can't talk about real TV shows. I'm going to make a leave. Thanks again, Marvin, for that great job there on that way. Any show that we had no control over and they'd bush you up and you couldn't hear the audio. Oh, that was horrible. And that was great. That was really something. Talk about humiliating and degrading. That was just degrading. Other than that. How's that way, Amy? Me doing by the way. I must be getting glazed last time I checked. I don't want to hear that. No, no. See there you go again with a mokran. W2QAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, this would be a shame. I don't know. This is going to probably have the right answer. W2QAM. Hello. I got some bomb. Why do you? W2QAM. Hello. Hey, good morning. Welcome back. Thank you. I know you were really gone. But that was a round. They said you're back full fine. George is a good job. But there's that one. You know, it was OK. He was OK. Not great. He was OK. Kind of fair. He was very fine. I ran out of steam at the end there. But he was all right. He never saw a very trained by the guy. He had a beautiful quarterback. He never saw a. He didn't know that. Maybe they tried. First has raised the strike. He passed up against the election minister. How can you approve that? I'm sure that seems to greatly periodic. Why? Well, when black雨 fought together for AvAK. He's quoted the� etiquette that says they're right. He's erreicht. That's correct. He's lowered crime. He's made sure terrorism collar was CTR tri special status. I'm saying. But this guy. Like you enjoyed.uloch have a felony. I said it was a motorlater to a broader audience. DMI gegangen. That's correct. And that's actually good. Most people aren't going to take the time to read them either don't have the time or they're too lazy or they're not interested But if I sit here on my fantas and I read them on a year, it might like a little light mic a walk on your head or something or whatever And in a society when the number one rated news channel is box the fascist news channel and the number one local news is channel seven news It's not but a girl school Frank right. That's not you know I'm sorry people needed those to truth, okay? I would say they're like a gay club is what it is Well, I don't know, but it's amateur now. He's been It's Mickey Rooney. Hey, keep us trying new show. Yeah, you know, in fact I know this is a news Survey you're doing, but you could put the old channel seven news of the Rick and Sally that might be the worst show of all time Yeah, but anyway, hey nice back and say well and have a great life. Thank you If the food fits fight it know what Sally used to say if the food fits something about that I don't know She I Ricky always said that she and said he and Sally were good fit Nobody said he said they were tight. But I yeah, I doubt that Problem that I never forget that time she kind of like a cost of me and front of channel I would be a channel. Said was right next door and I don't think we had ever met before and she came over bottling over and like Well, I'm Sally hi any of my my my my my my and you know that stuff you say about me I really don't like it. I said well, you know what Sally? I really don't care That's exactly what I told her. I said just a radio show honey and I said watch out for that coke bottle there Like you started that I know she had her own spot there in front of the station. She kind of had like the swatters rights Robin for Myers says Jonny may have loved Chachi, but please put them both in your pool. Okay, Jonny loves Chachi Taking on my boy Scott Bayorgan. Who was he married to? I keep forgetting he was married to Ryan Yeah, you do the one from not slanting wasn't that him that was married to her I don't know Nicola Sheridan. Okay, that's the one that's not slanting not slanting huh? But I don't know who she was married to. She's on that show now. Do that that Dating a desperate dating desperate Miguel It's big enough stay I have to tell you this even though you don't watch passions I know that we got about four people out there who do only on passions would you have a prosecuting attorney a blonde bitch named Grace Nancy Grace Nancy you're not that she's a takeoff anybody in frame It's so you have to the enthusiasm just a who what are these guys? Ted Kennedy is a ripping off in the only documents that have been made available to us it appears That you got did not fully appreciate the problem of discrimination in our society It also seems that you were trying to undo the progress That so many people at four four and died for in this country Let them have a tent stick it to a baby tent Kennedy for dictator Everybody gets laid everybody gets all the booze they want Ted's my kind of guy. Okay real pervert Hey, what was the last time you really indulged yourself speaking of that weeks ago months ago even longer Donald mattress and surd or want you to indulge yourself every night with surdous perfect night mattress line Right now when you call 1 800 mattress you can save up the 900 bucks off of the dollar mattress factory direct prices The perfect night features surdous highest quilt counts finest quilting and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort The surdous sales for a limited time and you're gonna save on all sizes and comfort levels while supplies last Now 1 800 mattress and they still do that same delivery deal I give you the two-hour window that you pick new to two one or two winners It's convenient for you when you're gonna be home when you want them to show up and guess what they do they show up on time Chances are they have the mattress you want in the size and comfort level you're looking for ready for a same day delivery Including even today if you call right now Donald mattress is ranked number one a customer satisfaction. I've been using them for a long time and George uses them More and McGill and even fat boy I can imagine the size of his mattress just a few of the people A QM or a satisfied customers and you will be too So if the old mattress is just headed lumpy and bumpy and sore the nasty and sticky Don't put it off another minute call 1 800 mattress right now or log out of their website mattress dot com call today Be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight call right now 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES we wealthy last S because it stands for Stu pennies savings Lady Madonna riding on your home You're con rock at car and low veins of course It wasn't funny when you're vulnerable Just like a punch from that phone shontained Make that horse and two and let it suit me riding on him wasn't very fun Cuz he threw you down upon your cute face Like a virgin Lady Madonna Flying through the air Wonder if you yell at something like a friend Get well-cut your bands wealthy sendings We sing in Stompy and sympathy Material girl it's no good to sendings Don't cry for me Lady Madonna don't have no luck star Maybe next time you should ride in a car The impact of the effects test the mobility case changed There's never case well Senator you disagree what we were Senator okay, let let let let him finish his answer Okay, well, I just like to To get his whether December case was not the holding this rule of the let him have it Ted, okay? You racist bastard John Roberts you and you're rigging I right wing bastards anyway Funny after eleven. It's all just an exercise like I told George before to show us a dog in pony show and it's exercise and they're like You know, he's gonna get confirmed and he's gonna be the yeah, that's it As a matter of fact, I'm probably should read this article now I'm not gonna read all these articles today, are you? Yeah, I am just a piss off Tom's ya'll okay just to make his balls got spot growing even a little bit bigger How you know and Tommy I know you're listening even though the show sucks it on very shallow And it's a piece of crap and you can't understand why I do what I do you don't know do do okay Tom For you gripsing and belching and puking on a year go back to the track and lose your ass And in the bush error rights AJ D on Jr. and they watched him post I wonder if he's kind of like Marcel Dion you think so? I'm speaking a hockey let's get hockey intense let's get rimmer on for a hockey show The bush error is over the sooner politicians in both parties realize that the better for them and the country I would say on that Absolutely correct Recent months and especially the past two weeks and brought home to a steadily growing majority of Americans The truth that president pushes government doesn't work Brownie aside of course his policies are feeling his approach to leadership is detached in self-indulgent His way of politics has produced a divided and we in dysfunctional public square we do not go on like this The bush error didn't begin when he took off has to read more the terrorist attacks of nine eleven to begin on September 14 2001 When Bush declared that the World Trade Center site I can hear you the rest of the world here is you And the people will knock these buildings down with her will hear all of us soon Bush was indeed skilled in identifying enemies and rallying in the nation I'll read this post to action He failed to realize after nine eleven that it was not we who were lucky to have him as a leader But he was lucky to be present of a great country that understood the importance of standing together in the face of a grave foreign threat Very very nearly all of us rally behind them If Bush had understood that a central task was to forge national unity as he seemed to shortly after nine eleven The country would have never become so polarized instead Bush patriotism to the service of narrow narrowly ideological policies and extreme partisanship He pushed for more task cuts for his wealthiest supporters and shamelessly used relatively modest details in the bill creating an apartment of Homeland Security As partisan cuddles in the 2002 elections he invoked our national anger over terrorism to win support for a war in Iraq But he failed to pay heed to those who warned that the US would need many more troops in careful planning to see the job through The president assumed things would turn out fine and the basins of wildly optimistic assumptions Careful policy making and thinking through potential flaws your approach are not his administration strong suits And so the Bush are ended definitively on September 2nd and they bush first toward the Gulf States after Hurricane Katrina There was no magic moment with a bullhorn the utter failure of federal relief efforts had been then by then been penetrated to countries consciousness Yesterday's resignation of FEMA director Michael Brown put an exclamation point on the failure kind of a The source of Bush's political success was his plan that he could predict Americans leadership strike and security were Bush's calling cards over the past two weeks They were lost in the surging waters of New Orleans But the first intimations of the end of Bush era came months ago the president's post-election fixation and advertising part of social security showed how out of touch he was The more Bush discussed this boutique idea cooked up in conservative think tanks and Wall Street imaginations the list of public liked it the situation Interracted deteriorated the glorious economy bush kept touting turned out not to be glorious for many Americans The census bureau is annually economically port released in the midst of the Gulf disaster found that an initial 4.1 million Americans had slipped into poverty between 2001 and 2004 the breaking of the Bush spell opens the way for leaders of both parties to declare their independence from the recent past to give forces outside the White House The opportunity to shape a more appropriate national agenda for confidence and innovation in rebuilding the Katrina region and for new approaches to the problem Scraided over the past four and a half years the federal budget already a must be for Katrina's now a laughable document Those who call for yet more tax cuts with selling like robots during the automated talking points program and side and longer go Katrina's forced the issue of deep poverty back out of national agenda after a long absence finding a way forward and eventually out of a lack of required creativity From those not implicated the administration's mistakes and if ever the phrase we inventing government had relevance It's now that we've observed the performance of a government that allows political hacks to push aside the professionals and what a Bush who has more than three years left in his term Paradoxically his best hope lies are recognizing that the Bush era as he and we have noted really is gone He can decide to help us in the transition to what comes next or he can claim stubbornly to his past and thereby do themselves to frustrating your role What an outstanding call now great and I'm too sure we'll come up with stuff like that myself right Why what other written people are written because I'm not so brilliant. I'm just some fat puts sitting on a radio talk a bit of big mouth. Okay Tom you idiot you quizzing you Fair yeah, now if you're in LA yesterday after those warnings that tape that released that and improvement tape on some of and notice nobody wants to talk about and improvement that's his name Just like they don't just like on all these talking head news shows. They don't want to talk about the fact that Brownie was Bush's college roommate That was his qualification to be director of FEMA. You think you there were the same frat he was his college roommate Yeah, they probably were doing that secret hand shake or maybe they were shaking something think was a boat maybe it had something to do with the old brownie hound But in any way and now they don't want to talk about that. I mean every now and then you hear about his you know preceding job as the head of the international Arabian horse association Good golly Miss Molly, but in any way. So if you're in LA yesterday and you saw the and improvement tape on Sunday where they were threatening against Sydney Australia and LA and all of a sudden in early afternoon I guess it was about one o'clock LA time and a power starts going out. Yeah all over the area Exactly. I don't want to say that they were a little bit nervous and that they're on edge But a power outage that affected more than two million people in and around LA yesterday was triggered by an unlikely source a utility crew installing a system of create Dammit the LA Department of Water and Power Workers cut several cables incorrectly slicing the wires as a group rather than one at a time and how about speaking of ATV shows one day at a time Oh, yeah said at Miller director power systems operations and maintenance for the department that triggered a short and trip circuit breakers and by the being powers going off like crazy The surgeon electricity the remaining lines overloaded the system cause the shutdown at the power receiving station where the DWPA employees were working This station converts high voltage power from area generating stations to low voltage power used by businesses and residents the system light alert prompted two generating stations Other receiving stations the shutdown as well as a result the department began shedding customers cutting power to people across the city to stabilize lines When the audience began workers were installing automated monitoring controls to provide department officials with immediate information about the status of its system They screwed up in other words to make a long story short. They sliced it. They diced it. They chopped it and they didn't have the uh, a dramatic or a vagimatic To discriminate in mathematics for girls women would have been legal to discriminate in the hiring of features would have been legal not to provide services or accommodations to business table. I guess 10 hasn't figured out yet that the you know Reagan when they didn't want to renew the voting right. Second let's face it with publicans don't want black post voting don't you get it? This is new rather This is by 16 The actor that played Gilligan dead at 70 did we really know him when we come back e-reveals Nearly discovered videos of the crews all night sex parties Oh, you look at you mean so happy you won you just not I don't know how to describe you so great Oh Take it easy now, but he just take it easy although they never got off the island. They still got off Oh, yes, you're so Rodney it's a hospital I thought it was just good Two Here we go you are I do it again will you please I Will it still how come we don't have Gilligan's island on our pool so far huh? Well, if I quit reading these stupid bedtime stories take a hundred and two hundred calls We get a whole bunch of names on our our way to care. Full is not the most important thing right? I always used to confuse Bob Denver because I hated that show with Jim neighbors. Hey Jim You're fairie. Okay. Is he dead Jim neighbors or what? I don't know it'll think so and a rock Hudson still dead right What show was in neighbors on goberpile you said oh gomerpile. That's a bad show get that one on their way We'll put off of the Andy Gilligan's island and what Andy Griffith show oh guy Goers from late there. You know everything bad came from Andy Griffith even over he just croaked He just died here while back to me. I don't think so come on Andy Griffith just died play it I don't know maybe not I thought we just did a whole thing about Andy Griffith not that long ago Well Google it's if he's still alive Here's a New York Times editor that was repented yesterday's Toronto star of all play a places governor turns into girly man Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was a profile in timidity last week when he vowed to veto a pioneering go authorizing game marriage in California The bill which both houses the legislature passed by narrow margins would expand the definition of marriage to include a civil contract between two people Not exclusively a man and woman This was an enlightened and fair-minded stand that made California's legislature the first administration will prove same-sex merges Two by Schwarzenegger couldn't find the courage to sign the bill in the law instead even before we saving the bill He announced a tortured rationale for vetoing it for years social conservatives of acute judges of deciding social issues That should be left to legislators now Schwarzenegger wants to ignore his legislature and leave gay marriage to the court to the voters at large to decide Can we lies on a fig leaf? I want to worry sticking that five years ago California's voted overwhelmingly for a ballot measure that recognized only heterosexual marriages is valid a Stim in by the governor's press office declared we cannot have a system where the people's vote and the legislature derails that vote That ignores the fact that five years is an eternity in the fast moving arena of gay rights even though 61% of the voters approved a ballot measure Recent polls show that the electorate is now evenly split the legislature is hardly a renegade body for roughly mirrors popular opinion Schwarzenegger also seems to have forgotten that this nation was found in as a republic in which the citizens he liked legislators to go around there Be half such representative democracy is especially important when it comes to protecting the fundamental rights of minorities It's easy to guess why Schwarzenegger wasn't such a hurry to announce his veto although eventually held as a centrist superhero could appeal to a broad range of voters His popularity is plummeted in polisho that most Californians are inclined to re-opposes reelection Only as republican base continues to back him Schwarzenegger's own views of gay marriage or hidden beneath vague sometimes Conqueror to a comments that up add up to ducking the issue the former rest of the universe who is derided political opponents as girly men is afraid to say what he really thinks He falls back on a rationale that would leave the issue to the courts or another vote of the people anything to get him off the hook Sal Gurley men you're in your highly yeah, he's a pathetic. Oh speaking of pathetic The president tell a band you spell citizens the dates that I was removed from power was a day of deliverance The lover in America will always be proud That we've led the armies of liberation. Oh, yeah, we're really proud of you doing Oh, I've Roberts I've all because we can I mean a good foot to thing on here. Just sit back here and put the confirmation here Exxon if they would get this bozo off here. Yeah, I don't want to do that. Huh those are riveting well Ted Kennedy was a sliced in Roberts up real good on civil rights But nevertheless the pinquirt nominee John Roberts said today that the landmark 72 ruling on abortion was settled as a president of the court as he was immediately pressed to address the divisive issue on the second day of his confirmation hearings It's settled as a precedent of the court in title or respect on the principles of star a the sizes the concept that long settled a citizen should be given extra way Roberts told a juic judiciary committee Roberts dismissed any suggestion that was Catholic faith What influences decision if he was confirmed grade the nation 17 chief justice the Roman Catholic Church strongly opposes abortion and worth control anything I'll still make sense Senate judiciary committee chairman Arlan Spector So I did present Kennedy statement in 1996 see that he didn't speak from his church on public matters And the church didn't speak for him. I agree with that Senator yes Roberts said that's the same president Kennedy That was killed by that magic bullet. There's nothing in my personal views based on faith of other sources That would prevent me from applying the president of the court faithfully under the principles of star a decisive Roberts And star a decisive is Latin for to stand by a decision and legally translates into the doctor And that says courts are bound by previous decisions or presidents Especially when a case has been decided by a higher court question about rights of privacy They've pellet judge said it various amendments of a constitution that he said protect those rights and said I do think the right to privacy is protected under the Constitution in various ways Of course judge Scalia which probably like rolling his eyes when know that Testimonie was being given when you think I would think because judge Scalia of course Don't believe in anybody's right to privacy unless he's out duck hunting with a vice president He wants to be left to hell alone five six seven. Oh five and sixty oh speak on the bat speaking at good Catholics Law suits filed by two man yesterday accused the Catholic Dicis of Orlando concealing clergy sex abuse more than 30 years ago Attorney's for the two unimplained of charge at beginning in the mid-1960s to Reverend Vernon you ran You ran I followed Abuse them and others to nineteen seventy six and rectum reasons saying very Michael and church in altum on springs The church of the resurrection in Lakeland saying Theresa church in Bellevue as well as on a cross country trip and recreational vehicle You ran and he followed in his recreational vehicle the suits each seeking five million dollars in damages Also charged the leaders of the diocese including Bishop William Borders now retired archbishop of Baltimore New of the charges against you ran refuse to do anything to stop at even concealed the charges How unusual huh they swept it over the rug So good thing of that in the church they got all those old Oriental carpets, you know, yeah, yeah a lot of rugs a lot of stuff to sweep under there The suits filed an orange circuit court lives at the Dicis transferred Iran from Paris to Paris We're continue to have unfettered access to miners. It was permitted to have frequent sleepovers in the rectum reeds. How do you like that? Beckham reeds border served as the first base of the diocese of Orlando Which was created from the diocese of saying Augustine from 68 to 74 according to one suit Waterman than a 14 year old alter boy was sexually abutten not let's see did we yeah We've asked you I should be was an altar board. Yeah, you did and you didn't answer I bet you pardon I said you did and you know the answer the answer was no right. Oh well, you look boy you looked out I was looking for one occasion for a wedding not even one two of them that's where purple dress And yeah, but it was lovely. Oh, we sure if we had pictures of that we had put it on our website George and his little purple dress out of lace vest that went with it. Holy cow. It's a good thing you didn't write on the purple people either I think it was a do the serve. Yeah, quite a one suit one of them and then a 14 year old alter boy I was sexually abused on ten occasions in 71 during a few months cross country tour that you were and said was a spiritual retreat or maybe just a treat part The diocese of Orlando hasn't been served any papers regarding these allegations So we can't speak to these specific cases Carol Brunati director communications had an statement child sexual abuse is criminal and sinful We remain committed to helping every victim and we pray for all those involved in these situations can you imagine how do you like to have $10 in a bank for every person in Africa who's gonna die because of the Catholic church about one penny Okay, okay, I said penny from heaven about pennies from rumor by a hell of a lunch two months ago Did I see Zebra Orlando and say it all just need to pay one and a half million a settle planes by three men who said it were sexually abused his alter boys by you ran and another Freest more than 30 years ago Three men lives that you and any Reverend Hubert reason abused them at a summer camp that they sand paper retreat center in winter park And it's Saint Mary Magdalene on May 1st Orlando Bishop Thomas Winsky brought the accusations of the attention three central four Departures where the priest had served and urged any first news went from information about the two men to come forward Reason died in 84 Bishop Norbert Dorsey then Bishop Orlando removed you and for ministry and 92 after another allegations Sexual abuse not anything these guys were sure busy Good morning We must begin by recognizing and essential fact poverty is one of the great moral achievements of American government If we in government take our responsibility Seriously the shortfalls will grow larger with each passing year and we must tap into the problems and pass them on the future presidents and future generations The American people voted for reform in 2004 and now they expect us to work towards bankruptcy down the road I came to Washington to slow economic growth I'm forward working with members of Congress on this important issue together We will make certain that American needs is deepening long-term problem and most Americans are bankrupt. Thank you for listening That's a new Bush ignored the city of New Orleans Yes, some of the people down there say he failed Stubbs to people in the astrid don't like cattle Wow, have the national guard was in Iraq He's a funding for their levies Looters called saying and are keen in a roof But we made a bigger deal Insurged for never leave all away One white girl we trained a late and even asked for help from the name of George Bush was the case in England Crawford Abu Garth ripped I guess next year though In a mighty ground Girls on wild needs to send me all new all Or they'll have to send their film through the Florida $4.713 to know we got the most history with two mad dog at four and then we got that hurricane hotline in seven Well, it's a good thing for them. The game is in Houston, you know now are behind Well, okay, well, no, because then they get some of the spots in there that they sell for as part of that whole hurricane package, you know And that's really all about carrying these ballgins is just to get spots on here. Well, they're really honest fourth station Just get a lot of spots on there like the four and a half million here They're gonna have to cover around and tick it for those dolphins, man, and once they start like you know showing their two colors I think they showed their two colors in the first half of the game on Sunday. That's the real dolphins and the second half when Denver stayed in a locker room It looked really easy It just amuses the hell out of me how people get so it happens a year after year when you're gonna learn your lesson already Huh? Take it from an old leaf span. I know Street smart said John and Columbia South Carolina stupid game show that asked people on the street what color is an orange and I get it wrong How about green? Street smart. Got it. Yeah Okay, we need a lot more shows in at pool. Let's take four five six hundred calls between now and two o'clock maybe a thousand What do you say? All right the worst TV show all time and then the cool show 80 Showing up got a 53 rosio Donald 39 Jerry springers got American Idol 23 he ho 23 fear factor in top rock 22 piece Oprah's got 17 what a show that is is that a show or what huh? I love the pastel background zone That there let me oh yeah The view 13 dooks and has in 12 ready bunch hour 10 my mother the car eight full house seven The Vernon squirrely six fraud. You slum. Heels and slum miles. Everybody loves Raymond five and any five Beverly Hillbilly's five talking Brewster four green acres four Tony loves charging three What about Charles in charge with Willie Eames and Scott Bill okay? What was he in charge of by the way? I wonder. I don't know. Well, I don't want to go there We add like well, I start to say let's take a bunch of these calls get some more names on the pool I got to see your fault because I I tend to always go back to my pile WQ a M hello I write Mr. Color I'd like to know if anybody's made the point about the new director of FEMA He's the man who's most notably known as the guy who says every home should stop by a plastic sheeting Right and that tape and can they put new clear me and MSNBC yesterday right a Viscween another a flight Okay, well, we should know he's a Miami guy. I know that yes, I'm probably a lot of that too What's that that's why you know it oh, yeah, especially for her okay mr. Whipple says come on and to get it now Why you can because you don't get left in the can without career. Yeah, I don't hold much rules I just have found like a store brand that Very you see we get kind of believe it you should spend more for toilet paper because it's more like a thicker and Several ply and more absorbent and like easy on the old ass Well come to find out that some of the store brands are just as even better are they? Well, and that's what I've discovered. I'm a skier Mossing you some all right after what's that movie by the way George is watching the movie tonight. I'm on a full report tomorrow standing in the shadows of Moton All right, few people haven't seen that movie. I'm almost inspired to play some of that music. Oh, God is that a good movie Again, if you don't like Moton and I don't waste your time. I mean, it's no garden state Huh, but then what is yeah, it was a bad if that comes on immediately a bus to TV Smash the Another music Music is good on the CD, but when you when you I don't know it's just when you watch the video It's just a million times better. You'll see all right guarantee that bitch of book is life on it I'll actually size life on it. How many Q a m hello? Why am the deal car? How many Q a m hello Okay, so many Q a m all ah No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, God, yes, sir As far as the poll goes, how could we forget a horse is a horse of course? Of course the amazing the thread Yeah, and then There was also a show that Bob Denver became famous for before Gilligan's island Do we get a safe thank you with that's correct? Yeah, those two definitely belong on the poll Okay, you got a mine right don't be guilty. Let's see that was a Dwight or when our Dwight was the a good actor Daryl Hickman If you say so I never watched a single up to was zero. I can the kid that had the white hair looks like an albino Okay, and the Dwight hitman was his brother was really a good actor Hello Hello, I'm Mr Ray. Well, that's good. See that bill will really be funny if the boy's answering the phone We're so bad such a bad fake voice right look at fake it better. Oh, yeah, I anybody good WQ a m hello Pretty good. I just told you for the poll signs on half to go on there. I am with you man I don't know anything No, I don't know how people who like this show they you have to be smarter of together Well, that is a stupidest show I've heard like in my life. Hey, man What you consider I'm like so far to follow a schedule like Monday, Wednesday and fighting Until one until 95 oh God I can't listen I can't stop them what would be like all the judges did a great job I hate when he please use the he's great I'm going to do all right Go ahead I just can't stop them. I mean you know, I like 80 years old and you're so I see you like 89 Okay I'm talking a young whipper snapper. Okay, see you Yeah You know something that I guess I finally would definitely write in with South Florida now you're gonna have to play old Neil He comes low. Let's place them old calls. Stocked it done. I have flew lifts. What can I do? Dox it done? Oh, when I think of all those years All the highly and the money wasn't even good back then. That's the bad part Hmm, I mean it did lead to this so I guess it was okay, but that was a long time ago little Tommy starting March on that starting March first coming up a big anniversary Tommy that's not 30 years in the year in South Florida And I told the most mice do not be glad to talk to Kevin Bastard if the Harold So you have they're gonna want to do interviews and stuff like that right in article. It'll be a obligatory 30th anniversary on the year It's said I want to find a live that law and I'm not talking to jica and it's not because I have been skin It's not because he put it that letter because you know we get ripped all the time on his show It's because it's the fact that it was obligatory for him to like go all up. Oh, yeah I agree with what you say, but you know, why are you listening? Well, why are you listening time? Because you love it every time I mention your name your ball sparks are it's quivering okay, and even a little quiver in your actual surprise me God almighty 560 And like I said now one word all of this station takes a part of the responsibility for that now one word even on our own website We can't get one word about you know like kneels back on Monday if you're fried and now we can't get that Eric I just mention that in passing Had a like practically break his elbow to get him to take the summer schedule thing off of there But you know you got him to put all this silly most of on it. It's time consuming. Oh, I did like that one yesterday. Yeah, there's another bush picked Repair to Down there in the knowing all the speciality parishes and on the they go Yeah, we know we seen it. Yeah, the slap molesting. I'll keep you off the streets anyway I want to bush picture. I got over 200 miles a hour. Worst is asked is That's great news flash sky news flies one of the worst disasters to the US and it's a picture of the smurking Chim bush right behind it. That's a beautiful thing. That's great and of course we're from Murdoch's probably like a ping in his pants So but I oh, who put that on there? You know good old right way we were put Murdoch that puts all that perversion on fox entertainment This is Roger this is Stick to me. I like to relax by having their magma on the side of my balls. I listening to the neurotic well the one hour Oh my god Oh Hey Hey, my new RDP what kind of a message is that to send the Utham America smoke any wacky weed huh only in America man juvenile childish putting people in jail for like puffing on little gong by crazy people is what you're talking about crazy people like Some of us are wondering why they need to be naked a power anyway Nuclear actually say it right that time I can't believe it. Oh, I don't think he did. I think he said Public are red that deep rooted in competence right the editors of the nation as the fourth anniversary of 911 approached Americans We're increasingly described it by the costly quite my inner rack rising gas prices and an economy that benefits only CEOs Then the destruction visited upon the Gulf Coast by Hurricane Katrina and the grocery negligent government response to the flooding that followed Exposed the full scope of George W. Bush's Miss rule the failures were so outrageous. They were even our embedded media from its slumbers But the incompetence review by the response to the hurricane is deep rooted and can be traced to the 25 year project The gun and the Reagan era of discrediting government starving the best of research the beast of resources and Exulting private markets and faith-based charities Tax cuts for the wealthy and congressional corruption of drain government of the imagination resources to address human needs Katrina has brutally exposed Americans to the cost of this Folly the spending squeeze that delayed the strengthening of the levies into warlings despite repeated warnings from the experts Reflects the administration skewed priorities money for war and occupating Iraq but not for protection of life at home With one third of the troops and happy equipment of Louisiana and Mississippi National Guard in Iraq a Merkensaw stark evidence of the domestic price of the war this president is chosen to fight on credit and the chilling scenes of calamity Visited on the most vulnerable exposure to the world America's reality a country ever more divided by race and class The Gulf Coast looked and bush like it had been hit with the worst kind of weapon the president is right respond and representative Dennis Cassinage and differences of weapon a mass destruction While most of the affluent of New Orleans left by car playing the forehead no way out There were told to go to the superdoll and convention center for unbelievably There were inadequate supplies of food and water no electricity be followed sanitation facilities in Oplease protection when it came time to rescue and Relocate the displaced the bush administration placed the onus on state of local officials and called on citizens to give the charities But faith based disaster relief is no substance who for an effective organized rapid government response Since New Orleans is a major center of oil imports and refining Katrina royal already Ted energy markets gas companies Wallering and record profits took the occasion to gouge Americans at the pump the companies to rate passivity in the companies Vulnerability our direct results of bushes big oil energy policy Is later to lead the drive for energy independence by investing in conservation and renewable and diverse energy sources Instead of calling for an excess profits tax on oil companies to help pay for the rebuilding bush immediately assessed asserted that no tax increase was necessary the staggering confidence of the Department of Homeland Security which just regarded its own forecast Expose this administration's glaring faded prepared for purple emergencies after 9.11 and the chaotic reorganization of DHS the powers of FEMA The agency of charge of natural disasters were weakened and it's budget slashed now in a wake of Katrina America must begin rebuilding from the ruins caused by nature and policy A massive public work project is imperative for New Orleans and neighboring communities along with affordable housing and adequate planning for food and storm protection We must restore the wetlands and barrier islands that have been degraded by canals and levies The disaster requires a thorough investigation of what we're on by an independent commission with subpoena power It should also lead now furious Americans to be examined in generation of backward priorities the debate about the royal government and the service of public good has been reopened The hurricane revealed not only the desperate poverty of the regions African American population but also the poverty of our federal policies for too long our leaders of abandoned our cities our poor our public infrastructure We need to government dedicated to serving the unemployed the ill fed and the ill house that's time to end the dismantling and time to begin the rebuilding There's nothing endured to push as policies of action to suggest that this administration has the leadership our the values for the task To recover from the the government's follies Americans need a relocation and reclamation project in Washington, D.C. in addition to the massive un beginning Katrina's way When it does throw them out on air. Correct. Yes, that's what they're saying. Amen. Yeah, pull your breath. I'll let you know when to exhale. 567.0.560 pound 560 and he Verizon singular wireless lunch. But who's going to win the ball game? That's the important question. Okay. What about those hurricanes? See, we got more important hurricanes that are mine and so forth than the ones that nature creates, right? Yeah. Now you're talking. WQAM. Hello. Hello, me. Yes sir. Oh, that guy. I'm not afraid. He's afraid. Yeah. Okay. Great. 567.0.560. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. Let's take your word for it. Yeah. How many KOLAMOLO? No. No God. Yes, sir. I'm surprised everybody is put more kind of mindy on your before yeah. He's actually in choice…we're trying to forget it. Yeah, I'll type it as Dad. Yeah. All right. Hello. 10. 567. 0. 560. Let's get a lot of great cosplay during all the boring cramp. That's incredibly interesting. How many QIM hello? Yes sir. Hey, you know, it's funny, you know, the tembers, I mean, I'll get started the new school year and everything and I know your own vacation, I haven't had a chance to talk to you. But how many people out there have friends or maybe a herd man who have kids, you know, what I'm saying, I just went to college, I got neighbors, Bush, flickers, and guess why? I said why don't you kids go to the army or something? Oh no, no, no, I'm going to go to college and they're in their, these Bush Bush I, you know, they just fries me that. Yeah, they won't send their own children over there. Well, when is this the daughter's going over there, huh? I'm sorry. I said, when Bush is daughter, is one of the twins going over there? Correct. You know, if anybody else put their children, that's what they're talking about. Yeah, you know, human sacrifice. Amen. What did I think Kennedy? And I really, the trouble that the, the nominee, can't say that this is a fundamental right, it's a, it's constitutionality has not been challenged. I'm concerned that the, the judges of use on civil rights, the views that he had when he was a young person in the Justice Department of Peer, very much to be his views today. I asked him about the different memorandum that he wrote at that particular time and what his views were today. I would have thought that he would have understood that under the brother, uh, uh, a stinty and cramp you that he had about the role of Congress and the constitution that he put up understood the, the dangers that we would have about, uh, a civil rights. Oh, what did you think of his response to questions, this Senator Allens, Spector the Chairman of the Committee asked on abortion rights for women suggesting that the constitution in his view does have a right to, a right to privacy? Well, I think, uh, we're going to have to hear more about this. And I think we will. I think send a fine sign as they indicate it, both in a opening statement and the indicated that she is going to spend a good deal of time. Where are the rest of the tentanies? You know, of course he could never be present because he killed somebody. Well, I thought what was the purpose of poor Mary Jo, you know, in that car one off the bridge. We sure can't have a person who's responsible for anybody dying that my, oh, that's right. I forgot. Right. Because presidents and senators don't have people killed. Okay. Okay. And that's right. K was the one. Now who's being naive? Well, it's just, it's so pathetic. Anyway, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and he Verizon singular wireless lines. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. One for your poll. Let's not forget, out. One of the worst shows ever. Step on him. Thanks, Bally. You have a good one. Alphd, you got Alphd? Well, you do. WDQAM. Hello. Who's being naive now, Neil? Hey. Then the twins, Jamie Faye. Okay. And the bull night daughter. Let's send her. That's right. We can't allow a beginning of the military. Sorry. God makes use. Philotrufly, Sun's God makes use. Kind of a lace kids, God makes use. All these gay offspring. All these right wing, uh, farbizzen. Pretty amazing. What's the prize me of the Pope Scott's in my gay kids? Well, they're not necessarily his, but 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, and be the I Pope man. He is really dangerous. But they may. Wow. Just look at he. In fact, he's got to his bellagosi eyes, you know. WDQAM. Hello. That's too free for Neil. Yes, sir. Um, how about 18? 18. How's it going, 18? And? And how about a night writer? Night writer, writer. A writer, right? Night, what is it? Night writer. That's a lot of time. We're not going. I'm taking a show that you like a lot. Is, uh, always on it's on, uh, the screen TV here on a cable. It's like, like, all the screeners hang out. It's like, maybe it's on right now. I'm not saying, look what's on. The animals family. It is just went into a break, dammit. Uh, night stalker, cold check, and all that. That was great. I love that they have all those episodes on there. We got some good channels here that you don't get too bad. It's about to can't find that had anymore. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Would you say, boys? Uh, WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. What was the show with that this singing talk that was on like a couple of years ago? I remember this on there. Kappa, I was on it. So we're doing very well. Unbelievable. When I got home, say he'd like to poison. And I got one more. How long Larry was the claim to see what's in where the farmhouse was? What was it again? Hello Larry. Hello Larry. Oh yeah. That's how the McLean Stevenson had a run of those that were from the Australia's. Former claim. After Mash. After Mash. We just wanted to sit back. Take the money from the reruns. Go on with queshoes. Is he dead McLean Stevenson, I think? What are those guys died of? Now, what do we ever find out about whoever we were talking about before we were which I forgot already about the end of the run? Andy Griffith is still alive. Oh, that's right. I think he was, uh, saw a picture him with Don Nuts. Because Don Nuts is right on the edge. Right? He's going on, right? Yeah, as far as I know. No, who Don Nuts reminds me of? And this isn't a shot. It's just the, they just, sons. Okay. They have a look. They look. I mean, they look so much. Just the same kind of personality. You know what I'm saying? I thought it was a funny guy. Huh? I said I don't even know what to say. Yeah, Don Nuts is alive. I could just say, in fact, it's not too late. You can get that show signed-up, son, before Don passes the other side. He's going to pass to the other side. I was just thinking about that this morning about all those old farts that used to call when I was doing my old farts radio show on W. snooze. And I and Z had night. Well, guess what? They're all dead. I think like that. They went to the other side. In other words, the worms are having them for breakfast lunch and dinner. And maybe an occasional snack as well. Read the the a word said judge Roberts. I think it's it's not a great leap to say that he didn't have a full comprehension as someone that was 30 years old about what this country, what somebody's going to do. It's gone through. Uh, in the over the course of his lifetime. I think that we need another 99 senators like Ted. We might be okay. Kick some ass, Teddy. Shout out. I'm all going to get drunk. Get your slots, your horse. This is the story of a girl who's not drunk. And Nicole. She's got got got got got it all. What was body wrong? She can't smile. It's what she was waiting for. And now she is so wealthy. This whole murder girl. That we got she's a lucky. My grandpa and I died died not because he's old. I think it's not how to do that. Oh, so good. I think it's not. But my team is not like some old, uh, Prasel, I've got a lot of money to merge some hot young bitch. Well, and her team. Let's see. If you may listen to says the Tony Danza show. He's now. Oh, he's a creep. I can see him. I just see him and I start getting there. I feel I'm clean. Tony Danza show. He's disgusting. And somebody's got a list here. Barney and friends. Okay. Cops. And the Lawrence of Elk show. I wanted to. Let's be able to those old farts. I want to. He's dead. Lawrence. And I bet you don't insist. There's probably that too. And also that big girl skinny guy. Whatever his name was. Larry or something or other. And it looks like one of the Jordanaires that used to sing with Elvis. I wonder if Elvis is still in bed with mommy. Up in heaven and that thing of his guy. Fowdy pillow. I'm sure. Well, how old was he when he stopped to stop slapping with mommy? I turned him out. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6. There's a lot of that. If you go to the trailer park slapping with mommy. And pound five, 6 in the Verizon singular wireless lines. Especially in Tennessee. WQAM. Hello. I would like to know that I love. Okay. Good. WQAM. Yes. You're speaking about full town earlier. Yeah. I'm going to call him. I told Bob Hamilton to play three hands. I'm going to call him. Why don't you hang up on Dennis? I wanted to see where he was. Oh, God. Our very upset. Our very disgraced former magic employee who hates Bob. I'm like poison. Hey, the blame that I'm making you ticky. Okay. He can handle it. He said he had a lot of stuff to tell us about Bob Hamilton. But for the time being, he keep it under his cat. I know you want to do it. Yeah, it's true. Five, six, seven. There's no binders to play baseball. Yeah, okay. Baseball and L.T.s. Ah, God. What? What? Cocka? What crap? People's lives are hindering on a balance. This jackass is going to be the chief justice for the next 100 years. And they're like, everything's a big joke with Joe Biden. Hey, Joe, I take back what I said. He sucks. Ted Kennedy for Dick Ted is what I say. Oh. Wow. Cowdy. It's on his grave. He was a little, you know, got drunk. It happens to the best of him. At least he wasn't dittling around with these chicks. Oh, okay. Like I said, he was. White and black Americans view Hurricane Katrina's aftermath in Starfleet different ways with more black spilling races effect. And problems with the Federal Response According to a CNN USA today. Gallup polaroid yesterday. The polo found that six out of ten black interviews said the federal government was slowing rescue in those dreaded New Orleans Africa. Because many of the people in Louisiana City were black. And they were something those black people are right for a change. They were wrong about OJ. They were wrong about Michael Jackson. But they're right on something that's a lot more important. Only one in eight white respondents shared that view. All you crackers. The numbers were similar on whether they rest used or slower because the victims were poor with 60 feet per cent of the black spilling poverty. Only twenty one percent of why it's doing so. The poll based on interviews. Well, I don't want to go through the whole thing. And a separate survey and Katrina reaction that was not broken down by race. A majority of those interviewed said they disapproved that the president's handling of the disaster. The disaster is our us. That should be the peace sign on the White House. The disaster is beyond. According to the Polaroid broken down by race, blacks were more likely to blame Bush for problems in New Orleans with 37 percent of hold and holding in most of the blame for the fact that many residents were trapped inside the city after flooded. Twenty percent of blacks primarily blamed Mayor Ray Nagan 11 percent blame the residents themselves. And 27 percent blame nobody at all. Let's play the blame game. Which is a good idea. Like I've called on the other day play the blame game. It's a good time for it. Point the finger. Okay. And all of that. Including that bitch that governor, well, she's another idiot. That was her name Kathleen Katherine. Whatever name is. Got the nurse. No, no. You heard about her playing by the way. No, what about it? How you go about this. And so let me get right to it. Okay. Well, how about it, Joe? He's just Biden is time. At the 5.6705. 60. Oh, yes, what we got going on here right now. The film festival. Did you know that to Toronto film festival? Which is a real big piece. Got all those superstars here in town. Man, they were lined up to see Madonna the other day. I would walk across the street to see that. But it's in fact I'd probably walk the other way. Yeah, I would walk across the street to get away from it. Yeah. I could probably smell her if she was over there. I'm sure. Jake Gillen Hall. Now, while the movie he was in, he was in a couple of movies. Yeah. I don't know. He was in the one that had promised, but the ending was really bad, which you hate like poison. I got her right in the other room. During the break, I'll go in there and I'll see what it was. You don't know what it is? No, but we're going to IMDB him. Jake Gillen Hall and Heath Ledger weren't drawn to broke back mountain. The story of two cowboys involved in a homosexual relationship. By the movie's risky subject matter, the controversy may rise. I wonder which one was right in the side saddle. In fact, said Gillen Hall, those aspects of the script worked against this decision to do the film. I read the story. I heard about it as the gay cowboys movie. And I immediately responded against that. He said it was press conference for the film at the Toronto Film Festival Saturday. But as soon as I heard director angely, angely, angely, and how you say that? Ang, ang, ang. I don't know who that is. Ang. As soon as I heard director angely was attached, is he akin to like pinkyly, Bruce Lee, or Peggy Lee, or maybe a friendly Lee? I knew it would be a different type of weed that would go beyond the confines of two guys in their sexuality, totally more difficult topic of love. Ooh. Ledger agreed. First and foremost, when I read the script, it was one of the most beautiful stories I've ever said it's really refreshing to cover something like that. So far viewers have agreed, broke back mountain based on the story by shipping news author, E. Annie Prule, won the Golden Line at the Venice Film Festival Saturday. They festivals top award and his earned a claim in Toronto. Oh, it's a game movie that earned a claim in Toronto. I can't imagine why the film is stated for the rest release of September 9. The film which begins in the early 60s, concerns two young men, and this Delmar ledger, and Jack Twist, Yilan Hall, as in Twist This. Maybe he does the Twist, who are hard to tend to sheep for a summer environment. Oh, and find themselves attracted to each other. Well, at least they all went and saw the attracted to sheep. Thank God for that. I saw the previews of that at the theater of the other day. And, and it's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You can't get to meet with each other over the years, even after their lives has gone in different directions. Ask the question about the US gain marriage controversy. The director said they hope the film shows a gay relationship in a matter of fact un-sensational light and then it contributes to tolerance. And if he does shed light on the idea that there's real love involved, it's great. So, Gillin Hall, when two people love each other, they love each other, period. And people should hold on as hard as they can. Oh, I try to. Whether it's homosexual or heterosexual. Gillin Hall added the actor's own friends here for the quality of the script by novelist Larry McMurdy, of the Lonesome Duffin and Diana Osana. Is she, she can do Osana bin Laden? Help them do the love scenes. Oh, no. Once I see the characters, do it. Our real friendship and the things we shared together, making it kind of easy to play the role of real friends. You said, and the screen sex, we just kind of dove into the love scenes and dove out again. As fast as we could, he paused to some laughter. And that was it. They dove in and dove out. There's what he said. Directly, his previous films include, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, the Ice Storm, Sense and Sensibility and the Hulk. The Hulk. Well, we won't blame him for that. And the Hulk. All right. Well, so I got to listen to his movies. I don't know which one is the one that you're taking him on, Hall. So you read him. Well, he was in the day after tomorrow, which I'm sure you didn't see. No. The man who walked between those hours. No, light. No. Highway. The good girl. Laptain. Laptain. Laptain. I mean, I've seen a couple other movies. But donnie, darker. Which, which fine until until the ending. And the ending just, you know, I'm too die. See that anyway. Oh, okay. Well, thanks. Oh, that's right. Don't watch if you don't have to. Because the lightning came to the ceiling or whatever. And he held was. He was pretty. He was so dying. And he did. All right. So look at all the time. You can watch the Motan movie or the flystands that are wasting your time on that crap. This is Neil Rogers. This is five feet from the faces. This is G Gordon-Lady. And they don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogers. Absolutely. Put it. Put it. Put it. Put it. Put it. Put it. Put it. Put it. Heaven not sleeping. What a lovely way of proving where you're comfortable. Heaven not sleeping. You even though you're raising Neil the mind doubles. You're fair. I know you won't. Another one in the other. The world thing you don't want. There's another one. But you have my baby. I know I'm in love. I've been on love. I've been on this big name. I've been my baby. And I'm not stuck in the bad. How you have been about proof within. You're free of charge. Entering your dreams. Be I'm their brother. What it almost feels like I'm shaking up with my mother. Are you sure that we're not around? Be having my baby. What a lovely way of proving your both nuts. Heaven not sleeping. I'm on my way to the future. I'll show you what the future allows you to really fast but that's where it goes. It's a 1233-27-01-a-QAM did theme up by votes for Bush as William Fisher of the Interference Service. We have another article right here. In fact, I got a real pile here, okay? Before I do this, this is heavy-duty stuff about Brownie and a member of Brownie. Yeah, you did a great job, I heard. Great job, Brownie. And I keep showing that clip. I love it. Joe Biden, by the way, is doing a hell of a job of grilling old John Robbery for. In different states, there you go. Before I get to that other thing, I told this to Hank this morning. He wasn't a weather store. I thought Hank would read the Daily News and the New York Post all of when he'd get up early in the morning like he's having to do now. We don't have a lot of time to read in 8,000 newspapers. And SUV driven by former New York jet star Joe Klekko struck in Khelehomasman pushing a shopping cart on a major digging expressway last night, police be saying. Klekko, the only player ever voted in the pro bowl three times at different positions, couldn't see the victim until it was too late because of current weather moves in the way they said. Unlike the Rick Sands isn't incident. A high ranking police officer said Klekko stopped his 2005 Chevy suburban immediately and waited for cops to ride. You can see he was shaking. He's very upset when he's cooperating fully. He said adding, this is a tragic accident. He said Klekko volunteered for a breathalizer. Test would show no booze in the system. He wasn't cited. Accent to create about 10 o'clock around 233 degrees in the city line. The victim tentatively identified as J. Peterson 56. Oh, I hope he's not related to Pat Peterson. Now let's see. Let's see Pat Peterson was he the one from not slanting or who was a Pat Peterson. I was saying the song my dad, who was from the Robert Reed down a read show. Who's that? I'll track about the song, but I don't know if I'm not slated. Yeah, you do. Was pushing a shopping cart on the southbound shoulder. See, first of all, you shouldn't be pushing a shopping cart. They push me on a highway, not a good idea. When he suddenly veered on the roadway in front of a car, they said the car served around him and the Klekko was behind in the same lane. Didn't have time to avoid the victim. Peterson released from St. Joe's Hospital in the anchors early in the day. It was unclear why he was hospitalized. Probably from here and I was raised calls of full of Bob Myers at the anchors. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? I sure don't. But I got my Peterson straight now. And Pat Peterson was not slanting. Okay. No, Ray Peterson sang to some songs. No, it's not. And he's got Peterson killed as a pregnant wife. Well, we know that. What about Grace Nancy here? Who? Oh, man. The female five. Who's the Peterson? Well, what was song my dad? Who sang that? Because he was on the downer read. Look up the downer read show. Do a Google on that. What's the case? He's trying to sneeze. Okay. And that's that this is important. My dad. What a cornball song that was. Pat Peterson was on not slanting. This is important stuff, by the way. Important advice that you get your Peterson straight now. When in doubt straight in that baby out. We got over 500 votes that was our full of it. So if you want to vote on the pool fine, if not by my Paul Peterson Peterson was on the downer. Paul Peterson that is correct. Was on the downer read show and saying, my dad, that was bad song. He was on TV, you know. As Michael Brown, as Brown he resigned his post is had a FEMA yesterday following it. We're letting us be in the press for his mismanagement of Katrina really favorite and rescue efforts. Details on FEMA's past mistakes again emerging. When in doubt they're starting to come out. Possibly the most egregious of these largely under-important V.S. articles was the revelation that FEMA made $31 million in questionable payments to residents of Florida's date county for damage from hurricane Francis in September of 2004, even though the storm caused only minimal damage in that area, as we well know. Today, Robert Hunter Director of Insurance for the Consumer Federation of America was a top federal flood insurance official in the 70s and 80s, said that the Francis overpayments are questionable given the timing of the election and Florida's importance as a battleground state. The Texas Insurance Commissioner in the 90s and then Governor Anne Richards of Democrat. Homeland Security Services said after the hurricane that Brown and his allies promoted him as they succeeded at Tom Rage as Homeland Security Secretary because of their contention that he helped the liver floor to the President post by officially responding to the Florida hurricane. That's the storm's not the football team. According to a report by the Department of Homeland Security's Inspector General, more than $8 million was given to 4,300 people to rent temporary housing even though they hadn't asked for the money and in many cases their homes were almost completely undamaged by the storm. Your tax dollars, hard at work. The Inspector General's report was made public last May at a hearing of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. The committee's chairperson, the very whiny senator Susan Collins, made Republican. I mean, she's like a character of herself. You ever see her speak? Susan Collins said, FEMA paid to replace thousands of TV's air conditioner's beds and other furniture as well as a number of cars without receipts or proof of ownership or damage, and they solely unverbal statements by the residents sometimes made in fleeting encounters at fast food restaurants. Oh, I lost my 2005 Corvettes All-Series, and by the way, send me a check. Okay, you're very whiny. It was a papers asked questions later approach Collins said that when he Susan Collins, she said the Inspector General's report identifies a number of significant control weaknesses that create a potential for widespread fraud, enormous payments, and wasteful practices. They officials describe the damage there from Hurricane Francis, everyone in winds up to 45 miles an hour as minimal. Minimal, round-offended as agency at a Senate hearing, he said FEMA mistakenly paid up only a handful of underserved complaints, made some other bureaucratic errors. A college roommate of infamous previous director with little emergency preparedness experience Brown was replaced last week by Coast Guard officer to head the agency's role in directing the Katrina Relief effort. Committing on FEMA's performance during Hurricane Katrina, both gross cup, Professor of International Relations of Cal State University at Chico told IPS how about Chico and a man? That was a big show. Tooled IPS was another lesson in the class in political nature of Homeland Security. Homeland insecurity, the Inspector General said his office started investigating the matter after the Sun Sentinel and Ford Labor Day of Public Articles alleging that FEMA massively overpaid many dead residents after Francis, and we're not talking about Francis over here. The IG said one case of overpayment involved $10 million that we used to replace household items in date, probably because of a nationwide FEMA policy reporting that the replacement cost of a large bedroom sweep be paid, even though only a bet is damaged. Homeland Security sources said at the time that FEMA's effort to distribute funds quickly after Francis and to the other hurricanes that hit the key political backgrounds that a Florida wanted to take in, with an eye on the upcoming 2004 presidential election. The IG said reports that program controls for the administration of FEMA funds needed to be tightened in the additional guidelines and criteria. We needed to ensure the agencies overall effectiveness. Some of the other findings include, right to hear these. FEMA awarded $10.2 million to be fair replaced household room items for date county residents. However, the procedures used by FEMA to award funds for those items didn't limit assistance to only disaster related losses as required by federal law. FEMA awarded over 720 grand to 220 applicants for personal property items based on their verbal representation of their losses. Contract inspectors were not required to validate how damages to automobiles were disaster-related. The amount authorized for auto replacement, especially for older vehicles, was generally far in excess of the market replacement cost, or an amount needed to acquire comparable transportation. FEMA awarded $192 grand plus her miscellaneous items to applicants in date county. Based only upon the verification of such items were purchased, not whether a disaster related need existed. Keep your old receipts. As of February this year, FEMA awarded $13.1 million to date applicants for rental assistance in former parent replacement, FEMA provided $82,000 plus an expedited assistance to 114 applicants who were not or may not even have been eligible. Those applicants reportedly had insurance, didn't report a need for housing or reported that their homes were not damaged. Overall, more timely reviews of inspections provided approximately $24.4 million of an eligible recessive payments that FEMA has made throughout the U.S. and territories for mortgage to last year to February this year. Meanwhile, Representative Henry Waxman, type Democrat on the House of Representatives of Prophecies Committee, warned against authorizing government to raise the micro-purchase threshold from $15,250,000 for purchases relating to the relief of recover from her campaign Katrina, a letter to the committee chairman, California Republican Jerry Lewis. Hey, lady. Well, Axman said raising this threshold would mean that any federal employee with a government issued credit card could buy up to $250,000 in goods or services in a single purchase. There would be no limit to the number of such purchases. The federal response to her campaign Katrina has been woefully inadequate today. We should not now compound these problems by creating a situation which will never believe to further waste fraud and abuse. We wrote that your government, baby, waste fraud and abuse it. This is new Rogers. This is 516 for my life. Or even loves new Rogers. We always get control over any gas under the chairs. He drinks the lot and then he does the making shift in dance. He'll start a fight on any night because he's lost his mind. If they did a luck on the mean of one great family finds, well, does President and Dean is standing bad on all his life. One time he tried to cut me so clear with the bottom line. His problem was constantly when he was playing baseball. He could see the fist party with cocaine in alcohol. The latest chapter in the most delightful Dr. K. took place one early morning while driving in FLA. The company is being a ghost party and so many news. They either had a drug driver, something terrible to do. And then to white. The case in the night is drunk and dried. He tried to hide. But he couldn't win. He turned himself in his pen. The night in jail. He thought she'd find me so quite not in this defiant mail. It's hard to feel that more than guy we've seen this all before. He cries in as per goodness and then he comes back for more. Perhaps beside the public, you're given to white a pass. So, for the year of five, 60, every few a.m. we got five hundred and some on what 24 votes on that's pretty weak. If we can make 700 today, I'm thinking it really retirement. I'm thinking that too. Yeah. Really retirement for Josh if we can't get 700 votes during the show today. I mean, I didn't even like push it. Push it because this is like universal. Bad TV shows. There's only about 80 trillion of them. And we sure got a good list down there for you to choose from. Silamiel Solamazel. Yeah, we can put some more on your two. Well, we haven't had like a whole budget. When you thought we had like hundreds of facts yesterday on it, you're the third. Yeah. The worst TV show of all time. That's like from the early 50s. Like for the last 55 years for Christ's Sakes. What? And as raw with these people. Jesus Christ. You've done this one before. Well, I guess why. Get ready for a lot of other polls. And we've done the poll. Yeah. In fact, we're going back to the beginning and starting with a error. Scott, that list. It's on here somewhere. What's your pay? I got it. Yeah. What's your favorite 90 song? That's the game 90s. 45 bodies bought in New Orleans Hospital. The bodies of 45 patients have been founded. They flooded our hospital. State officials said yesterday, I met otherwise encouraging signs, large and small. Then New Orleans is climbing back to, except for Islam by the hurricane. The bodies were found Sunday at 117, then Memorial Medical Center, which was abandoned more than a week ago after was surrounded by flood waters. Now, I just mentioned this in passing. The story that I mentioned yesterday, which I noticed is now made it on the acumengreens.org website. I'm not going to bother putting it on again because we had it on ours yesterday. Didn't we? I think we did. I think we did. The Orleans doctors. We had to kill our patients. And Josh, by the way, is again really nervous. If we don't get those 700 votes on that poll for crying out loud. But, you know, this time you have to beat him and whip him and hit a what is wrong with a people. We've got at least 2 million people listed right now. Oh, I've got away. Tell me, I've over a thousand people listed the show from all around the world online. I started asking that before about the other main thing. Yeah. I was like listening in Saudi Arabia in Costa Rica in Netherlands and places you wouldn't believe online. Tastes you wouldn't believe. Sweden, Mars, the listening on Uranus, Tom. That's because they don't like to show it because I'm shallow. A lot of shallow people out there and I can relate to them. Doctors, as so anyway, the story from yesterday, doctors working in Hurricane Mavish New Orleans killed critically old patients rather than leading them to dying agony as they evacuate the hospitals. The daily mail on Sunday, the mail on sale at Bird Paper, can reveal it says, with the gains of rapists and looters rampaging towards the flooded city. Senior doctors took the harrowing decision to give massive overdoses of morphine to those they believe could not make it out alive. An extraordinary interview with a mail on Sunday, one of Orleans's doctors told us he prayed for God to have mercy on our soul after she ignored every ten of the medical ethics and ended up like the patient she had earlier fought to say. So I have a feeling I could be wrong, but I have a feeling that somebody's bodies that they're going to find behind are the people that had to be, you know, put to sleep to use a delicate term. And that's good. And that's nice term. Yeah, that's it. Put to sleep as opposed to like you to an ageer. Although the Pope says he like to find some youth in Asia, that's why he keeps traveling around the world. That's why he probably went to Colone. I can understand why the Pope likes Colone, man. All the Pope's. I can get that. Oh, man. Wow. If you ever went to Colone, Germany, you would take you go on the Ohio State and you take one look around you'd say, you know what you'd say? Oh, my God. That's exactly what you'd say. You have never seen people who look like that, male, female, some not too sure, but wow, well dressed up scale, beautiful. That's where the beautiful people are. Beautiful young people. That's why the Pope was there. Speaking of people, probably pick and some new swish guard. Yeah, I don't know what you think of. Dude, law. What I think of them is a good actor. Do I use for a sexually? I mean. Yeah, that's what I mean. Oh, I just said you make a picture out of you for what it's worth. I already seen it. Oh, okay. What there was a movie he was in where he like shows his goods. I'm trying to think about what he did by us. This is paparazzi. So this is that A. Yeah. See, like I told yesterday, I'm just, it means nothing to me. If there was a picture of Tom Brady in a turgid state, I, it's not interesting to know, man. Huh? Is this a city? I'm just telling you. Oh, by the way, turbidity is illegal in Papua. It's a big conversation piece. So it's on our website? No, no, it's not. Oh, no, it's not. We can't put it on our website. Sorry, because we don't know how old he is. Oh, no. That is bad. Jude Law naked. I, yeah, there's some movie he was in where he like to swing in it. I can't think of what it is. The worst TV show all the time and the club is going to read a few of the ones that got like double digit because it's really ponderous. And in a cool 91 throwing up gotty 69 horrible show. The word just brutal. Rosie O'Donnell show 54. Jerry Spring or 40. I show for more ons. American Idol 33. Comprock Scott. But turn man. I mean, you know, Jerry Spring is okay once. Watch it once. I don't even need to watch real. He hots 28 fear factor 25. Oprah 23 are show for female morons. The view of the ability difference being that the people are watch over the women who watch that crap. They think that it's for real. See, they're into it. Yeah. Oh, she's so wonderful. She's solving all of society's skills. And she's doing so much for the poor people. And she's giving away cars. Yeah. Duke's a hazard 60 in the Brady, much hour 10. My mother, the cartoon and the Doni love. I do one single digit. Doni loves Chati. Look at what he spelled. Joni. So A and Y. No wonder we don't have enough votes 548 in the sunshine state. That's bad. Whenever we go to the 700 and then Josh is going to have to take early retirement. Not just in the show, but from the Marlon games. Because Roxy heard the things you said about him sounding like guilty. I'll take it over time. If you want. What is it with these all these sports casters with these bad bad voices? I know there's like a new sound. Roxy doesn't sound like guilty. That hell he doesn't. He got a squeaky voice. He's not like a little girl. It's a little high, but it ain't guilty. Yeah, it's a little bit high. It's high and high. It's high and low too. Like a bunch of little kids doing ball games. As a matter of fact, I was a channel surfing on the package there on what all the ball games on the other day. And I came across whatever game Joe Buck was doing. Now Joe Buck is good. He's not great. He's overrated. But I thought to myself, oh, thank God for Joe Buck. I was so relieved he had a good voice. And it's not only someone to new posted around there, but like, you know, what's the kid's name? Or can't Kenny Albert with a charge like he's got 40 pounds of mush in his mouth or something like mush. It's just so many really bad bad broadcasts. See, this is what's happened. I would never try to like, you know, cover 80 million games they can't do it between CBS and Fox. They can't do it. Horrible people doing ball games. And then, of course, you got those car guys like that buck's roll. I said that, boom, might as well just he might as well take it in that game last week. Buck, buck, buck, buck Martinez, whichever bucket was some dumb buck. Martinez. Buck Martinez, my ass. What happened to the great young man? I know we're living in the past, all of us old-fords, people who had personality, people who were dynamic, you know what I'm saying? What do you think? I'm saying these guys suck. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628. So this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one, the two hour. Oh, walking at the rest. I can get some little piece of noise. Oh, I'm so hungry. Where did I go in here, no? When I went in here, I flew high to the oven and dressed up like honey, even. That's for you. There you are. You're awesome, man. Dad, thanks. I'll put a nice Hawaiian punch. You're a- Yeah! Oh, boy, boy. You're a- How do you know that? What do you know you're a- How do you know that? I'm a- You're a- It's not just a- I'm so full of my- I'm so full of my- It's not just a- I'm so full of my- You're an- You're an- You're an- You're an- All eyes are gone. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, I want too toice. Man, Troob. A few dease there I mean it, I mean, evac us, what's going to end for the place where they play a Josh min it made minute made one minute made lemonade right Org, Ch Second know what I know what men have made it. I was drinking men have made before you were born. Okay, hot shot. I'm sure her. Yeah, you wouldn't know men have made stadium from my Uranus. Anyway, the marlins are playing the Astros. Great visual just celebrated his 55th birthday. You don't look too bad. Okay, so what have we got here? John's just entered a lot of pressure. I don't see them coming through for you like they do for us. 563. You better get with it, Mr. I think you're right on the edge of extinction. I'm okay. I have to be your predecessor. You're going to be hanging out. You talk about changing addresses a lot. You've got to be hanging it under the overpass. Maybe you can move in with a bean head boy. Get seven out of bed and I will. 563 Votes is pretty weak on a big high-paid show like this. If we can't crack 700, how we ever going to get to a thousand? Huh? You said crack. Oh, so last, this is interesting. Well, actually it's not over with. A rowdy sum spot cluster holder record breaking flare into space last week. Last Wednesday. Now, the reason this is significant to me and I never told you this. It was last week. I went out and I bought me a new, in fact, I had delivered from office depot. I had a new printer. Okay. And facts in whatever. Well, it's to make a long story short. I tried to hook it up and I had all kinds of problems. So a friend of mine here was a computer analyst. So he had helped me and I'm trying to get a hold of him on my blackberry. All day long and I kept getting one of they call it packet error. They call it. Okay. Yes. And it is like a little orange across it. Looks like an evil like an excesses just got in there. And all day long. And I wonder what to look this all about. Because usually only get that one. Somebody is in, you know, like a building. It's like a lot of steel and looking at stadium. Lacking out all high and low frequency radio communications. I've both American continents causing power surge. Just blinding satellites and lighting up a roar eye. And more trouble is on the way the experts say, how do you like that? Oh, my God. You see, first we had this tsunami. That people didn't get it. Then we had the name hurricane. And Katrina people didn't get it. Now we got solar flares because God is trying to send you a message. Don't you understand? The end of the day. That's right. Just like Joey Zaza. Send you a message. A message of initial experience we've learned September 7th was immediately followed by an eruptions solar material that broke free from the sun and a speed of 5.8 million miles an hour. These speediest scene in 20 years of observation about the National Center for atmospheric research. High altitude of Syracuritan Hawaii. You know, who used to live in Hawaii? Raymond Burk. Yeah. And what's his name? Also Tom Salake. And now why the show was filmed Magnum PU? I believe that's right. If you liked that show, I'd never watched an all my God. Are you lucky? I thought we'd do each other. It's a copthruith and near Earth Space was first hit with X-rays followed by an ongoing Magnum storm and hard radiation. Oh my God. The Sunspot cluster causing all the trouble is just coming around the edge of the sun last week. Now it's rotated with the sun in the better view end is showing no signs of coming down. So at Larry Comes, they space weather forecasted with the National Oceanic and Space Administration Space Environment Center. This particular return, the Sun is just now reaching the center of the Sun Comes. It's now just getting into Bulls Eye. Power systems in northern US and Canada reported electrical surges on Thursday said Comes caused by the magnetic pulse from the solar eruption interacting with the Earth's Magnum field essentially turning the planet into a gigantic electrical generator. Strong northern lights or a roar, we're seeing as far south as Arizona over the weekend. Another sign of ongoing powerful geomagnetic storm. Maybe the sun's about to crack out for the nice known here. I'm going to head over to Woodwind fast. 560560, pound 560, how are we coming on at 570? I don't think you're going to make it man. The nice known new Josh drives coordinates hangs up as microflowers on 2.572. We need a hundred and twenty-eight votes in 54 minutes. That's two and a half a minute to keep this young man's job to keep his sanity. Keep his self-respect. Listen, I'm okay with retiring if you increase those checks. A little bit. A few retired. I mean, there's no more internet. No more bedtime stories. Let me get those tickets too. Yeah. Oh, you're speaking to those tickets. I'm glad you mentioned that. Come to find out. Now, we're going to have paid for that back in April. Sorry Josh. So you lose. No ticket. No ticket. No, not. Because, you know, I had a choice. I'm going to be either taking some crappy tickets that they would have come up with somewhere. Or they're going to give me the cash that I have come. I said, I'll take the cash. Thank you. And I'm sure enormous said the same. Well, you know, normal. I'll speak to you. A fragile coalition of lawmakers cobbled together to support an anti-game or a German last year has collapsed in Boston, virtually in Massachusetts, for to guarantee same-sex marriage or main legal in Massachusetts, at least for right now. A full of lawmakers conducted by the Associated Press is finally at least 104 planned about against the amendment when it comes up for a second vote tomorrow. That's enough to defeat the measure which would also create civil unions. They're like that. Civil unions, all those, uh, Yeah, in Massachusetts. And a California too, they could have done a thing. That would have been my marriage. But Arnold said no way because we don't, we don't like those girly men in California. And you know, happens when you fish off in girly men in California. You don't get reelected. Arnold, what? They got five zero in California? Four or five. Five hundred and seventy. What? That's pretty weak. I'm sorry right now. We got some real promise. Five seventy six. I can do better than that blindfolded. Okay? We can do better than that with a ball game starting at 11 30. Let's try that tomorrow. Five six seven, five sixty. We need a lot more shows on this list. Obviously, maybe that's why we're not getting the tremendous response that we ought to be. We don't have a thousand on there right now. If we had anybody listening, but I guess we don't. Remember those glory days? Wow. He's looking at this. You for it. Of course, that's what we had those naked pictures on there too. A different story. Line nine is the only one ringing. Q. I am. Like I said, get a lot more these calls on here for a little Tommy. Five six seven, five sixty. Count five six in the Verizon cigarette wireless line. Are we still on the air or what? I think we're off. And of course, you got to think about that even it's a lay too. A long caravan of light fans led by an army hum fee ruled yesterday through a new whirlings by a lot of district. They're poor, mostly black neighborhood northeast of the French Quarter. Recovery team members were wearing light protected suits in black boots. Stopped in houses, scraped painted with markings on the doors designated that there were dead bodies inside. Outside one house, I'm Kentucky. I'm a member of the army eighty second airborne similar reporter in photographer standing nearby and told them that if they took pictures of a story about the body recovery process, he would take away their press credentials and kick them out of the state. No follows. No story said the man wearing camouflage fatigue in a red beret. On Saturday after being challenged by court and court by CNN, the Bush administration, we'd not have a rent a news media from following the effort to recover bodies of hurricane Katrina victims. But yesterday in the pilot of district that assurance wasn't being followed. The 82nd airborne soldier, photoreporters, the army had a policy that requires media to be 300 meters more than three foot ball fields of length away from the scene of bodily cover in the whirlings. If reporters wrote stories or took pictures of bodily coveries, they would be reported in face consequences he said including a loss of access for up close coverage of certain military operations. The news and the Louisiana State Court has determined to a company that's sold to a writer that it wasn't safe to be in by water. They'll kill you out here, except referring to the few residents who contributed to the fireman and to a evacuation order is in man in their homes. I didn't understand. No ticking, no washing no pictures. And look at that phone. Huh? I was just beginning to wonder if it was like a malfunction in the junction. So I guess they're out of material. So I'll just continue to my file, which I have a long way to go here. Is that possible? Have we re-presided the out of material? Have we re-sat crossroads in the history of South Florida talk radio? When the day the music died, the second day back at a full schedule, 582 were not going to make the 700 even. There's something strange going on right now. Maybe it's that the sun's fire. Or maybe it's the in-spots. Yeah. 567. I'm going to give it one more shot than I'm going to my pile, okay? Because this is embarrassing in him when he getting a degrading to me. 567.056. 556. And if he rising in, signal to the right of the line. Don't you find something a miss here? Something bizarre? It is bizarre. And the only one that keeps raining is that line nine. Well, I'll leave that a bit closer. Well, no, I'll not. Oh, see, that's the problem. We're hopping. The phone's not working. Not again. Yeah. QAM. Yes, sir. See, it's not bringing their people on there, but there's a yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Spousal arousal. That bit you've been playing forever and ever. Yeah. Have you, have you or George gotten sent the doctor version on the internet? Do we're not to the doctor? They have the same, the same woman who's responding to the phone call. And I have the boss. Right. And I have a guy that dialogs from the guy is almost the same. But you can just tell after listening to him a million times. It's a little bit different. And then at the end, when she says, now, now, I don't feel so bad about banging his brother. Right. And then they have these two DJs who's voices pop up and say, oh, no, I'm sorry. Hold on. Sorry, Mrs. whoever, never, is the practical joke. And your husband put us up to this. And he's on the other line listening. As if it was like, now you just, you know, admitted. I don't get it. And what, what, what, what, what, what, say is this on? Um, I, somebody sent it to me. And, uh, you know, it doesn't mean like a week ago. And I don't know where it came from. And I, I respond to back. And where the heck did you get that from? And I just said, you know, the sheep rip off meals and playing this for like a week. We're here near the okay. Thanks. The visuals always the best. So you see, there's my little experiment. That's the reason that only line nine is flashing because lines once you wait, which is day then, uh, the lines aren't flashing. Are you a splash in? No. Only line nine. Yeah. As well. So I mean, I've got the maze phone Josh on the unit. It's self-native computer. Oh, my, my, my, here we go again. This is stuff. This is like a throwback. Uh, six years ago. It's almost seven years ago. What were we done on the second floor? I'm going to reset the phone. No. Oh, here we go again. More QA and technical and that to do it. Okay. Once again, here we go. I'm sitting here. What do we, I mean, what is going on? Do we have anybody out there? I'm given the number and I'm, uh, Plotten and pre-eaten and readin and screaming and come to find out the phone is F. Up again. Oh, good. Golly Miss Molly. Any similarity between a real radio station and a one year station. So, I'm just saying to you right now is purely co-incidental. Okay. We're kind of like the people across the screen. We're not really interested in being in a broadcasting business. Well, guess what? Join the club. Oh, wow. This scary or what? Pushing out here to punch and it was up. Because I remember the previous time in half, and I thought to myself, it was like that skit on ST TV. You know, like, uh, uh, guys, starts using every four litre. We're under the sun. And then he finally to fill one line starts. We're going to pick it up into a wrong number. I'll be like answer to line nine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. There was a David Paulson being introduced. When was the last time we really indulged yourself? We should go once ago even longer. Down on my person, sir, to want you to indulge yourself every night with Sirtus Perfect Night Magnificent Line. Right now when you call 1-800 mattress, you can save up to 900 bucks off the Dalamaque respect to direct prices. The perfect night features Sirtus Highest Quil counts. Findest Quilting and memory foam for the element and comfort. The Sirtus Salas for limited time. You're going to save on all sizes and cover levels while supplies last. Just dial 1-800 mattress and get delivery within a two hour window that you choose. Chances are they have the mattress you want in the size and cover level. You're looking for ready for a same day delivery as an even today. Dalamaque risk continues to be ranked number one of the world in customer satisfaction. One of the many reasons that I've been using for a long time and George uses them and Moe and Miguel and even the disgusting fat boy. Just a few of the QA numbers were satisfied customers and I guarantee you. How much of fat boy's life on it you will be to? Don't put it off another second. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Replace that soggy nasty worn out old mattress or just do your mattress shopping on their website Macrist.com. Call today we sleep like a baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Rear off the last S because it stands for sensational stupendous savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-8-10. And they look like women. Your federal communication division only comprised of broad-cast engineers. But now your older Lord's of decency is clear to announce our new FCC morality queen, the I mean gee. No, he's the queen. And the real church lady, any man. This country was founded on good Christian values, which is true, but we say it was now. The show. Hey, you got it. Hey, you got it. Hey, Rupert. You are hereby ordered to fill out additional airtime with pro-boosh proper gander. HBO, so-called time, sinner max, stars of the rule. You're out off the air. To be replaced by the Trinity network, Trinity means in the father, the son and the holy Holy Ghost, not a ghost like Casper, but a real ghost. Oh, that reminds me, they both stupid plumber guys onto, they find the holy ghost, not Ghost like boo, but the Holy Spirit himself. Now what new eye Jesus, I want to cleanse his feet. Foot fetishes are hereby approved. Where a burden books too, starting with the wizard of Oz. We Christians have always hated that book for the longest time now. Some of the bad guys present or something, we'll have you believe. They people call us 9 or 11. Although I did like irreversible. Put in your, put in your, put in your, put in your, put in your, put in your, put in your Jesus with your Jesus with your life. I'm wondering if Peggy Nanson your pants, I wonder if she's related to Grace Nanson? You know, Josh, I don't want to break the bad news to you, but it's been nice knowing you. This is so tragic, 6.060, 94 votes in 40 minutes. There is no chance that's going to happen. Hey, remember last time you doubted it and we got to our goal. Yeah, you never know. Goal my ass. 6.080. He's 92 and 40 minutes. It's just, and I can understand if this was like some of the poll that a lot of people couldn't relate to. Is there anybody out there that don't watch TV? No, it's never watched bad TV shows. Of course not. Don't forget our other shot. He's come on. And the Omishoddy and so they're listening on their crystal radio. Maybe just crystal has got the radio turned up real out. And there's sitting outside your house. You think later that picture. I just don't understand this, man. It's just, remember those glorious days. Maybe all of us just ought to hang it up. But I'm stupid as for chill on here. Oh, they can't wait. Oh, who they? Do you mean the powers that pee? I'm sure that. I'm sure there's a whole bunch of people in that building. Just like grasshoppers rubbing their hind legs together. You know what? Yeah. Look at that, Grisha Proveller. Oh, man. It's bad. There's Bill Schneider. He's got a skull on his face. Like, old bushmise dude. What happened? It's a barcine. He's a real problem. He is trying to take charge now. Because the polls show a sharp drop in the president's ratings on leadership. Take a look at this. The number of people who call him a strong and decisive leader always is most admired quality. That was 60% in August. Two weeks later, it's dropped to 52. Oh, my God. I was the lowest rating on leadership ever. More even than before, 911. Good. Excellent. Keep dropping, man. Keep a doubt about 3%. The death done in blind. Now, see, now, I wasn't really going to care about this. Think it's my own fault. Because I said earlier when we got to 500. Yeah, if you want to vote for it, we don't really care. That was a bad thing to say. That was like maybe a personal shot of Josh just for the fact that, you know, like I'm Sunday. What what they was at you got the stories on it about 3. And you have to know that was last week. And I think it was this weekend. I saw Sunday. 3. Go so kiss. Now, he's been doing it. In fact, this morning, I look on our eighth or the number. He's got a whole bunch of the stories on it. I thought, what are fantastic jobs he's doing on here? And all 800 of them. Yeah. Wow. That was a call that. Wow. What a shot. Well, you don't have to worry about the size of that next check. You want to know why? Why? Is there any good a beating? Oh, you're right. Look at all the stories on there. Oh, that's bad. I'm sorry. I apologize. Those are all from today. This is good. God. Well, they're thought to do it in the transparently. Count, count those. The ones that run here today. I don't think I ever did that. Well, I get carried away. I want to put some good stuff on here, man. I get a little bit carried away. So I promise I won't do that again. I'll count. I'll count that. How have we got on there now? At least undercut a by two or three. I apologize. Well, what does that got to do with the fact that we got that many stories on there? We got to have a lot of people reading them. What do you think? If, okay, let's take a look at what's the most time that we don't have those naked pictures on it. We want to make it vegetarian. Well, we can't put them on there. Sorry. Let's take a look at what's the most red story. A bush buddies land fat cat contracts for a country. We're that's a good story. 205 over 200. That's not bad. We only got like five stories. I got over 100 reads so far. That's a little bit of a week's sign, huh? That's a little week, quite frankly. Man, one thing about South Florida, just when you think they're right there at your sign, you really got the, and then you look around. I think it was Tom Jick at the putters behind the eight ball again. Thanks a lot, Tommy. Okay. For pointing out the fact that I'm so shallow. That's what did me and all these years have been faking my way through and all of a sudden they discovered. Oh, he's really shallow. He's about as deep as a kitchen sink in a small kitchen. 629, you need 71 votes in 36 minutes. You can do that. That's two a minute. You're right. They're just playing with us. You know what I'm saying? They're just teasing us now. That's all. It's just a big tease. It's like when you're at the slot machine, you get five times wheel of fortune blank, you know. And the other ones like in the upper right or the lower. You want to say what do you say? I'm saying it's getting pretty pondered. It's okay. And now who is saying before about the slots of all the tavy downset? First, call or we had the different Rochester about they finally got the slots in there and other kick and ass. That's what's the salvation of the fair and mutuals. What do we find they're going to get that sawed? How many years is that going to take in south Florida? They're going to get a ruling on that. Be word legislature gets out there lazy. That's not that the summer's over. And it's the 13th of September. Your fat ass governor, once again, trying to subvert the will of the electorate, which overwhelmingly past that in Broward County last five, check the numbers. Man. But what's the use? You know, I can sit here in screaming and get all worked up into a frenzy to public like the one in the world. I don't know. Does that what it is? Columba? They love Columba. They respect the fact that she smuggles her crap in. Robert, chair in the L.A. Times writes, finally fooling none of the people. There's never a terrorist around when you need one. Even a couple of suspicious looking foreigners playing soccer near the superdom as Katrina began to make landfall. Might have done the trick to get this easily distracted president focused. The war on terror is after all George W. Bush's obsession. Obeliter rating any other consideration of the nation's well-being. With a terrorist sighting, Bush likely would not have lingered on his Crawford Ranch vacation, which he interrupted only for politicking and fundraising opportunities. Nor would condolize a rice of gone shoe shopping while the world witnessed the sorry spectacle of the Gulf Coast indiddly this array. And surely Donald Rumsfeld who bledly attended the San Diego Padre's game as New Orleans was filling with water wouldn't have dithered for days before sending intrus to a desperate Americans. Even if our higher officials buy the landfall, the country would be the same as the country in the country in the United States. Even if our higher officials buy the landfall, the country would have bungled over the Fefford anyway, because FEMA is now one by political Hacks appointed by Bush who knows is about disaster relief. Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job the president said in Michael Brown a few days before the FEMA chief was relieved of his oversight of the relief efforts after massive public pressure over the agency's response to the hurricane. Brown, who reportedly doctorate his unimpressive resume, had didn't have a background in an emergency management resigned yesterday. He had secured his plumb job because he was a college buddy of his predecessor Joe Albaugh who managed Bush's 2000 presidential campaign. So he's seen at somebody gave wrong information in the past to the long. He wasn't Bush's roommate, it was Joe Albaugh's college roommate. So that definitely made him qualify. During the Clinton years, FEMA was turned into a model of efficiency as demonstrated after the Northridge earthquake in the Oklahoma City bombing. How bizarre that made in the wake of 911, the administration handy camp FEMA by acting its count of level status, turning it back into what some call a turkey farm for patronage jobs and slashing its budget because it all bought complaint it had become an oversized entitlement program. Then there's the fact that the first responder course been vastly depleted by Bush's misadventure in Iraq visiting New Orleans on Monday, Bush argued that it is preposterous to claim that the engagement Iraq meant there weren't enough troops to help with hurricane relief. Oh yeah, tell that to the nearly 35% of Louisiana's Army and international guard forces and 37% of Mississippi's National Guard truthfully employed in Broad mostly in Iraq. They've been at home and not in Iraq. The rest of the T-C-Vealabilities could have been brought to bear. Said Army Lieutenant General, what eight-steven Blumman National Guard bureaus chief were referring to the critical first hours of disaster. Unfortunately, what the Bush Lighthouse is good at when it comes to national security is providing flash over substance as Democratic Senator Murray Land, where Louisiana found out the hard way. After writing in a helicopter with a president and seeing machine apparently working on a breached 173-levy, she would shock the next day to find the work mysteriously stopped. Flying over the critical spot again this morning, less than 24 hours later, it became apparent that yesterday we witnessed a hastily prepared stage set for a presidential photo app. And the disbelieving needed resources we saw this morning were reduced to a single lonely piece of equipment said the Senator in the press release. For far too long, this kind of shenanigan worked well for Bush allowing him to nearly win a second term. His administration was asleep at the switch on 9-11, even though the system was blinking red according to the NSCI-8. Bush grabbed the bullharmonet ground zero, made himself as a war president, and suffered no real political damage from the failure to either capture Osama or find weapons and mass destruction in Iraq. But as one of his nation's greatest war president said, you can't fool all the people all of the time. With the Iraq war grinding on, with no end insight and the post-mortems of the Katrina debacle showing the White House and Homeland Security Department who have been confused as Andy Nepnus FEMA itself, Bush's support in several national forces continue to stay plunge below 40 percent. A news we pull of on that for the first time, less than majority of Americans felt Bush possesses strong leadership qualities, his signature claim to fame. Boy, if they got that right. Mr. Roberts here, we just heard the ladies and gentlemen there from what's his name there on CNN? What's his name? You know, a bill Snyder. Come on, you better get with him. Mr. You better get on top of these pundits, man. I don't watch. Get with it. Good. Hey, this is a funny topic. For a year's Armstrong Ford home to always Queen did everybody like family. They want to extend it off. You did join their family. Ford, nationally, extended their Ford family plan, offered to us of September 6th. Yeah. Well, I mean, September. Oh, this is maybe the wrong piece of cock. I've been through. To the end of this month, OK. Okay. And right now at Armstrong Ford home state, you get to what? He's getting all nervous about it. I could just say there'd be silent, while I was across the room getting pizza. Was that even in a position to fire the gun? Well, what position do you have to be in for that? Yes, right now at Armstrong Ford home city get the same great price unit every Ford motor company Employee and their families get that one you get employee family pricing you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program And for limited time with any new car purchase you're gonna get a color TV free with all of these things What could you possibly be waiting for pick up the full right now and call 305 24751 12 talk to our friend David rich You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch no phone details this kind Fantastic offers only waiting for use at Armstrong for the home tip where they always treat you like family in fact David says bring your family to meet our family at Armstrong for the home state You'll find a mid-US one at Southwest 20 or seven stretches 20 minutes south of the 836 you won't get a better deal out of Ford any places else in town check them on the web armstrong cars dot com and then give David a call The 305 24751 12 hits had all about the Ford family plan drive a few miles extra to save Thousands and thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead 16 14 Up and down inside and out you better get your mid-sauce the margin nice now I got something to lose and my virginity's lost I give me back my baby boo show You The great crime fighter shack 1 to all 35. You've got to make. You're 710 x 10 we're just what I would You think that we had 666 in I thought to myself like oh yeah Yeah, maybe it's an oldman. But now we got 660-770-33 and 24 minutes. You should be able to do that like roll off a log, you know? These people don't want to take it. Like going into a coma would be a van boring stills at tons, putting you to sleep. The marlins win the world series. Even Josh, but that was one of the most embarrassing cause. You have to worry they're out of time anywhere they're in Houston, so you can rip them and ask for that. That's pretty weak, wasn't it? Yeah, I'm looking forward to that game tonight. It's gonna be a good one. Are you really? Now who's pitching the light? Back at it. Josh Beckett's pitching, who's pitching for the Astros and they bring him back to some of those old timers like the Gallaudet glasses. What's that guy with the glasses? Guy with the glasses. Kyro. What's his name? Kylo. Oh, I thought you were talking about Charles North Riley. Charles Nelson Riley. Kylo. Anyway, what do you know about the Astros, Mr. You could put in a symbol of heaven for Craig V. Schoes, asked left over. Is that right? I'm talking to you, Joe. George, what in Astros? Jesus. Can't surprise me. I'm talking to you, log. Matthew Roth, child of the progressive, who may or may not know about the Astros, says brownieism is the problem. I sure hope this article isn't about brownie homes because they will get joists. So George Bush is back in the world and again, this is from yesterday, hoping this third time will be the charm. But he said, lost to one of the mistakes of the past two weeks and no amount of photo ops with New York firefighters now in New Orleans and no amount of crisp solutes as he steps off helicopters, the battleships can put the luster on his lackluster performance when the chips were down and the water was high. Nancy Pelosi is right. Bush is dangerously out of touch. But it's not just Bush's personality. It's his ammo and it's his philosophy of governance. The unnatural disaster in New Orleans is that a red consequence of a government that lets our cities go to hell by underfunding basic repairs to the infrastructure. A government that doesn't care about the rising number of poor people and it blames them for their own poverty, just as some elected officials and right wing publics blend the drowning victims for not fleeing when they had no means of doing so. A government that believes its main purpose is to kill people abroad not to save people at home. A government that has more cronyism and patronage than the first and second near Davies combined. Michael Brown was not the problem. Brownism is. Brownism. A system of cony capitalism characterized by greed and incompetence that appears in the advanced stages of a corrupt empire. Brownism is now revealed itself for the entire nation to see and all the king's horses and all the king's men can't put Bush's image back together again. Not even the king's right hand man. Vic Cheney went on to cover people of New Orleans. Cheney is covered like a porcupine. But a great line. He says, cutely is a porcupine. In classic mumble mocheney said that performance in general, at least in terms of the information I've received from locals is definitely very impressive. I assume he wasn't talking about the local who told him to go F himself. For the Bush administration this has been an atrocious performance top to bottom. But that is to be expected in the age of brownism. I'll like you like brownies. Don't you? Yeah, that's from the one brownies just fresh out of the oven. Warpan, you know what I like the edges. Are you eating pizza now? I can smell it. Probably Tony is a brand over Tony. He's so in that stuff. Yeah, thanks a lot, Brad. Sossens and what? And pepperoni goes. It's a happy early. Oh my god, don't tell Gary Sarton. He even trade with six 70. And this might not be his don't take this for granted, Mr. Don't plan make any early plans that come back tomorrow until we see what happens here until the fallout. What do you got? I got six 75. It's only 25 and 21 minutes. That's a tall order for you. Not a problem. Yeah. Six 175's thinking votes. My many a day, we had a thousand at this time. I'm pull questions that were much less universal than crappy TV shows of which they're 80 million. And we'd have a lot more on there if I weren't reading these stupid stories, but never less. And the phone is working now. WQAM Hello. 2 AM. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, WQAM Hello. The phone is not working now. So see that. WQAM No, there's that one. I'm going on here. I mean, the arrow comes up. I just can't hear him back. No, neither can we. The dots came back and we can't the phone is all screwed up. Kind of. The phone is all screwed up. There you go, Tom. There's another reason we ought to be taking a min in phone calls on his show, talking about those because they can't even keep the phone working on this stupidization. So I'm a some story. Oh, I got him. I got a big pile. Sam, I'm punching him up in the arrow comes up like there's somebody there. Now before there were no nothing flashing and there were people were there. So it's like just directly back asswards of what it was before. Right. I was talking radio station that can't keep the phones working. That's us. That's us. That's 2 AM. Oh, you know something? What? Well, if you look under where they, I don't understand that before. If you look under where the flashes are, look at that. What about it? And there's the arrow and there's nobody there. It's not it's not picking up the line. Now what happened to Pew Punch you know, same thing. I just tried. Oh, right. Oh, it's hard for me. Well, come to a real, make believe radio station. This is new Rogers. This is by 162 phase. It's day. I have a child. I have five six. Oh, W, you. If he can't stand Hugo's job is taking out. If he can't stand Hugo's job is taking out. If you will, then this water, I'm afraid we'll have to kill you. And with whoever gonna fill you, take him out. Oh, right. You've found whale and ravished your front yard and a blue for the hammer. Just stand now. You seem to destroy all the stores and libraries and we're all in a blackout. If you're the hurricane blasted, it's raining just for the can out. If you can't bear run run run run, if everything was you. We're going run run run, if everything was the way we were like the hell. And I think the trunning can drive out, they'd stop you driving face. We're sliding hands on your crash drive. Don't let me try to get face now. It's right in your face. Get the car up, visit cheesing you, become a real bad. The police have to be scared. If they'll get out of the plate, or run run run, the car runs in the car, and the car runs in the car runs in the car. 147 1312 a few AM. So the phone is nice. Now you think you're out with it. It's either reset over the give it a shot. Tell me the QAM hello. Hello Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Nice job there, guys. I apologize but I got a bucket for the swell for you here. A bucket? That's what he said. Love? Here's your style of him, right? Love American style. Oh, awful, yes. The Bob Newlight Show. No. Love Toast. The Love Boat. This is a good list. Get smart. Right. And Night Rider. Okay, here we got Night Rider. But that one. Great one. Thank you so much. The Love Boat and Love American style. He gives me a pile. The Love Boat. Actually they put the Love Boat on the internet. We're going to be like a throw away and all of a sudden, became a hit. A big fat boobie hit. That's because of Charo. As Robert Duball would say, a network of big, big fat boobie hit. And we said that? Yeah, but he didn't say boobies. No. He said something with a T. He's as a volunteer. Five six and we are 700 plus so Josh can relax. Take a boy. I tell you, they just, what do we got? 702. See, you got to 700 and then they just stop. Like they're doing us a favor. You people just don't get it, do you? You don't understand. You think I'm kidding you? 705. Careers were made or broken on less of things than this. Anybody believe it? No, they weren't. How many of you weigh in? Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. Over the weekend that was at my 12 year old niece. And whatever I said something obvious, she would say, toy. And I actually, some words that's to, to, uh, me and something very obvious or something. I know she doesn't listen to the show. How do you know? She may, maybe I'll have that for next time. Boy, could you give us matches to Momo Momo? Yeah. Ha ha ha. Well, get past the message along to Momo, I'm a Momo, whatever. Oh, cats and heres by the way, remember that plane crash? What about it? If cats and heres has any hope of being centered at a bill, Nelson says the sun's sentinel, she may need an extreme makeover. Ah, sa sa. The Republican Congresswoman's pull numbers are banned. Her appearance continues to be a distracting issue. And Largs number of voters already have a set image in their minds about her. These are some of the reasons the Republican leaders have washed and tried to find something to run against her. So is it true that she can't feet Nelson never say never, but many political experts believe the only way she could win is if voters see her as a successful Congresswoman with something substantive to say on issues, rather than the character, her caricature, her critics see a flirty, vacant beauty queen wannabe who used to roll in the 2000 presidential recont to get to Capitol Hill. And of course, all about is. That's the little incorrect. It's why in a recent Quinnipiac University pull shows that the election will held today, she'd get few Democrats across lines to vote for her, lose much of the independent vote to Nelson, and not have strong enough Republican support to make up the gap. In fact, the poll showed Nelson will beat the crap out of her, 57 to 33 percent. How do you like that? A gland slide. Bring her on, baby. Bring Catherine Harris on. That's the kind of candidates that Republicans see to run a lot of in 2006. Because the less you know, in public is a lot temper than we thought, and believe me, we think they're pretty stupid. But unless they're a lot tougher than I thought, there is no way that they're going to put these great robbing Nazis back in again in this off your election. So they can rubber stand everything that her mom gearing the second wants to do. Here's a facts from Tom who says, thank, oh yes, Dr. Phil, we got Oprah and there, how come we couldn't have Dr. Phil? He's going to go zooming toward the top. He's on there. Dr. Phil makes me ill. He's on there? He just put him on now. God, he is just, and to think that he was in the astrid home counseling people, then it would be like, there would be like, Gilbert doing brain surgery about Sinai this afternoon. I mean, what are we talking about? We're talking about serious problems. People would like their lives in total this array. Their lives turning to a pile of crap. And here's Dr. Phil going over there, man. And people are like, oh, well, Oprah did such a wonderful job. You know, we're in a Barack Obama man. Don't be seeing what that bitch again. We're like, we like you a lot, but, you know, fight a better girlfriend than that's thinking Oprah. She's got some plenty of cash. Right. I'm thinking of cash. Politicians don't interrupt. No, I don't have a lot of time here. Okay, because this phone thing. We've got to get all those calls on before midnight. Politicians like Digolegues could treat a privileged public. I don't have time to read this whole thing, which is it's on our website, and it's on there. My Joe McNally, the Madison capital times. It seems to be a penny to complain about gas prices and time when every major American city has been washed off the map. Well, when it's not every, when a major American city is been washed off the map, and have a many of our citizens are nearly homeless. But penny resentments are what drive politics in this country. Political careers are built on whipping up small mind hatred towards some of the most powerless groups among us. Minorities, gays, liberal Democrats. So it shouldn't be any surprise that the sudden surge of 50 to 75 since the price of a gallon of gas could have even greater political consequences than the Bush administration's incompetent cutting a flood control project for New Orleans. It's pretty bad that in 2004 the president slashed by 80 percent funding requested by the New Orleans district of the US Army Corps of Engineers, the whole back of the waters of Lake Pongentrain, and made further cuts this year. But what really gets folks blood boiling, really gets him pissed off and fired up, is three and a half dollar gallon gasoline in the growing suspicion that local service stations, big oil companies in a government run by and for war executive, applying us for full. They are rafing your man gang rape in his eight funny, and Catherine Blanco by the way, the governor of Louisiana, and the rather incompetent one. She is foaming it to mouth, ripping FEMA, screaming and flashing out of everybody she can. You go, Catherine, maybe she'll make her come back. I know it's easy, new Rogers. This is five, sixty, two, eight. Nail. God, the telephone, the neighbor, come on. Are you doing a thing? I'm on a barbecue this weekend. I'm a see-up, just like a new race, live next to you. Oh, it's your man, if it remains a fuck of blue. Just see if it's life's our made in life. Oh, sure Google, how to make down the mind. I have to go, God, be keep rocking, wet, thin, and spare, read unto me, listen, down to old, King of gold. Does he think that George Bush is a country to honor the world of doom? Oh, God, the door. Is the London that God, the night making stars, or shooting my head, shooting my head. When you start your old car, do you feel as if you are rolling down? Roll in the skies. Well, if it's me, the people in the government will live. Once you're back, God, be a living, make sure you're with terror. Don't see the fall, the death, live in my life. Oh, don't see the way, the life's our made in life. You're there, all morning, signs that your yard remains. If you see the snow, that King of China, stay for a thousand. Oh, God, we're with, live next to you. Just be sure, we're leaving the book of blue. I run out of backyard and start screaming, you terror is due. You're fair, right? Roast TV show all the time. How do we get back up against cause I have a story about this, so New York cop that attacked the guy cause he's sitting here with like, I'll cut, I'll see you in for tomorrow. Tomorrow. Oh, Roast TV show all time. The end of the course, Roa 107 and throwing up gotty 90. We've had a pretty good two house race. Roast is right on her anster with 65. Bye, bye, bye.