No mode today. No mode? He's hurting her. Oh! What's he doing? It's schedule. That really wasn't rock solid. Oh, I'm sorry. You don't have to stir in things. I'm just trying to stir it up, Neil. You're going to call your ass in right now. Put your ass on the carpet. Oh. Hopefully it would be a flying carpet. See ya. Take it easy. One, two, three. I'm Yada! I'm Yada! I'm Yada! I'm Yada! I'm Yada! I'm Yada! I'm Yada! Please, Yada! You're Yada! I'm Yada! I'm Yada! Hey?! Hey! Quit keep time. Five. Damn it! You drop out. Farną! fear! I won't. Hurry up! OK. Cheers! Go Go Go Go Go Go Farną. happy Thursday, obviously 11 somebody put a gift there the big oh the big oh that's schedule and then he's in the Lala land. Moll my ass. Here was a I noticed that Gildi I heard it beginning when was it on Tuesday? I had to go to uh huh I give up. I hadn't shut the auto down yet because I was doing something on the internet and uh there was Gildi and he said he was filling in and he didn't say who was filling in for but his deal is now when he does uh two to four he just filling in. Not that for more anybody who just filling in you know I mean to fill in. To fill in. Well to do thing you know what do you think. Here's uh George's pull from yesterday what would you rather not have? 727 votes. General Herpes won 84 probably not a good idea. In continents 87. I was an outsider. I was an outsider. I ended that might have won if we hadn't put it on right before the end of the show. 427. So that when people meet you they're going to ask you that angel question. Or do you have it? Hemorrhage 67. Oh you haven't lived yet you've had some really bleeding oozing roids. I can't wait. Or herpes 52. Our switus 50. Schingles 43. Constipation 27. Tonight it's a good thing we're uh reading these pull results they could I think starting next Monday most of these words we can't even see any anymore. Constipation 27. Tonight is 20. Surias is 20. Surias. My period 16. And the tent of those were guys. And 7 Maria 3. Well this is not a lovely list of beautiful things. Yeah. More bad news from Iraq we don't want to like all of you. We want to release the good news from Iraq for 4 US soldiers were killed six others wounded when insurgents attacked their patrol in another Iraqi city. While a car bomb targeted US joint US Iraqi patrol in Baghdad killing seven people officials be saying. I like that the body count the body values just continue and where was it that you said you saw that story about 9000 soldiers have died but they're not counting the overall the uh Ted Rall wrote the story about actually the death count is closer to 9000 and 2000 but they're not counting the ones who die after their sentient Germany with their massive injuries with their legs and heads and arms blown off all these things. So again your government is lying to you like crazy we got a blood bath over there and this new tape that just came out from this australian al-Qaeda lunatic or at least from somebody in australia. And now they're saying, oh well al-Qaeda is reorganizing and they're going to do it again and they're going to do this. And at the same time here we've been fighting this mindless war now in a place that had nothing to do with 911. The other stuff. What did it to rack you anything to do with the bombing of the abob core of the any of this I don't think so. And I've been worried that he fight as they're nicely we're trained right there in his house. I thought it was a bunch of Saudis involved in this not a rack. He started to rest. He'll continue to anybody with the facts and thanks again Mr. President for those all is so low gas prices how low can you go? What a bargain man. You know I'm a little peo because I've worked fever slash in at least five minutes making up my list now I find out hang some vacation for two weeks and so what's the date on that? Let's see 15. 20 second. This one is a third when he and I are going to like do our cross dress cross overthinking again while I'm playing a spare time I guess to make his list because I got 34 horse tracks that I've been to in my life including many that what many that are no longer even an existence like Nerganset Park and Lincoln downs and I'm not sure about suffoc downs if ever we open that Boston. These have harness raising and suffoc downs. So I said to them I said I know the R.C. will for you in Detroit that's not there no more Roosevelt race way what was that a great place anyway. I'll say that for when he comes back. Top that if you can't fat so 34 horse tracks what did he generate what a pervert and of course you are. Absolutely correct. And a proud of it. Somebody calls you a degenerate or a pervert say thank you. Guess who died Barbara Belgetties who get out of here. And we're watching Dallas. She was in this alley. She was she was she was good actress. She was very nice. One of those people he had a like you know as opposed to one of those people you're ah. And why did Larry King have Kirk Douglas on last night? Oh Jesus. Did you see any of that? No. I don't want Larry King. I was channel serving and I also want to mention that what's your name? A reader cross beyond MSNBC. Talk about putting the final stake in your own coffin. These are crazy people. See the thing with the talking headnet worse MSNBC CNN Fox is they keep hiring away from each other also CNBC control them in their to the financial like the bond bitch from CNBC she went up on CNN whatever her name was. Katherine Hayes. But uh... Breeter Cross B. I mean this is the worst needle nose look in bitch with a real uh... voice that just had she makes rich wall sound like water cronkite. That's how weaker voices. Well we certainly hold that you your husband was forever. All the other crap. Just awful so MSNBC you know if you're wondering why nobody is watching you probably because you suck that's probably the reason for it. But they put Phil Donny who won't hear nobody watch him so they think that's a putting on. Tucker Carlson and read it cross me that somebody's gonna watch that quick crap just give it up already okay. Just. Just hot to peacock. Anyway barber bell get these the Winston activist who rose to stage in movie start and but which the greatest famous l.a. u.ing. And the long running TV series Dallas died she was a.v. two. By South Florida standards it's not like we're very old as a much. He needs. San Francisco Chronicle said she died Monday of lung cancer but it's a lot of that going around now so the you better all them faggotter dangerous for you. That of lung cancer at home in northeast harbour mean. Uh... Bell get these daughter for now in industrial design and Norman delgities was nominated for an Academy Award for best supporting actress for the 1948 drama I remember mama. I bet you've broken by remember the TV show I remember mama I remember mama and was the original Maggie of the cat on Broadway and cat on a hot tin roof. Dallas came late in her career she had retired to take care of her husband when's the Louis after he fell out with cancer in 60. 60 died. 72 her earnings depleted by his long illness she found worse scarce for middle aged actress since she was flat broken so the eight when she accepted the role as make track of a run bunches Texas oil family though cast the eighted by critics Dallas heard of the top of the audience ratings and spun copy catch shows like uh... falcon crest or some of the other ones oh uh... not what a big of course not finding was uh... uh... uh... report from Dallas or like that they're all really what ever happened all pet Peterson they've got felgetties one and the nineteen eighty is best lead actress and ground the series of means the only act on so far to be so honored like that belgetties called Dallas real fun but was also marked by tragedy gym Davis who played misseles husband jockey wing died was like losing her own husband against a delish producer Leonard catchman and march eighty four belgetties was stricken with a major heart attack miss ellie was played by Donna read for six months then belgetties return to the al surman until nineteen ninety year before CBS cancelled the show you know is it's a thing in her about her uh... lung cancer then say about that but i wonder i just wanted to see was a heavy spoken because uh... christ rebe's life who's got lung cancer i've seen ever smoked once not once and i still think it was peter jennings probably blones spoken or face or underface right i think it was uh... wherever around her near her i think that's what was a barber belgetties that it's too bad a lot of people dying these days it's going around bad c but a bit of a life like a can okay don't sit around making plans just do it just the do you think i've reason i'm taking my poll that i realize you take a very similar one not that long ago but two-freak and bad yeah too bad okay i was inspired because i actually had another poll i was gonna do but this story just uh... typical early morning trip to the post office in dotan albana with a banjo on her knee tended to turn into a frightening experience for a dotan e and t employ when she found a live corn snake hiding under the mail also corn snake uh... you know it's like this that's a common snake in a big day is it yeah anything they have a lot of place out here never heard that sure the non-poisonous snake measuring between two and three feet long so that it's listed in the business post office box that he might regularly checks send her screaming hysterically for help i reached the next one is waiting for a reason i got some meal when i reached back in i saw under my mail i saw it's tongue white said that i swamed in holiday screaming hollard some more than started hollering snake got a great line for that but i guarantee you know when there is great i'm not to mention penny nance or she penny nance would drop a load of their pants if she had the chance she said it took a few minutes for employees to figure out who to move the snake from the post office box after removing the snake employees called dotan animal control which dispose of it i wonder what they done with it how do you dispose of a corn snake he just to heave it he give it a big heave home throw it into the bushes in my thirty three years working with the postal service i thought i'd seen just about everything but i've never seen her anything like this happening before post on ploy steve simonset he said he didn't have the snake out of the post office box but speculated came from outside seeking a warm dry place all warm dry place back to him he said he does not believe it was a prank well thank you for that that would be bad so here's the full today what are you most afraid of i got some good choices on your for you yeah religious fanatics fifty nine that was my vote they are the scorch and the human race we got 195 votes already religious fanatics got fifty nine you see a religious nut run run for your life screaming crazy person well okay say it's a little redunited got crazy people of it now but there's other kinds of crazy people you're right like we're crazy people have to do with this show and i would just not accept any of them that they're crazy people think yeah George W. Bush fifty eight black folks sixteen all wait till we get to that story about guess what county is the fastest growing black population in america date bruh oh black folks sixteen they are scared a lot of these white folks snakes 13 especially old corn snake republicans eight pitbull seven rats seven rats are nasty when i live in Boston i've told you the stories about the rats yeah i take her down baseball bat hit the aburbans hand and they would they would scream like uh like a cat uh like oh nasty big old rats i'm fearless six right we believe you're fearless fondic lightning and thunder shit crazy people six hurricanes four especially the ones that get into big trouble and then hurricanes man you got more problems okay Josh yeah you know those you have him hurricanes well what about those cemeterals net nickname anyway uh we're not discussing that water to flying to bats one and Greg read none nobody fears Greg because everybody's on to him even the audiences on the hand right yeah so nobody fears you ten thirteen at five sixteen w q a m for god why and the number 13 of the logs and Number 13. Finding, winning the vines, and shift common North, covered over Mr. Performance, which no one else showed up in the play. You were even given a house for free, and made a pretty with living. Not a school, it takes me over, and our values and values and values. There's no contract, no host, and the top things of the game. All of us, cross out, and squeeze away. A game against every child. Here are a lot of bad things about that. To be civil with broadcast on Monday night. But then again, it was their first, it could get a lot worse. Ten 18 at five, 60, WQAM. Police seized two ounces of marijuana at the home of Anthony, Diotaudo. My pronouncing that right, I'm not sure. After shooting in ten times, according to information on the drug-ray-released Tuesday, did you talk about this yesterday? Yes, I did a little bit. And what you saying? I said it sucked. Oh. I think I could probably put it a little bit more diplomatically. Probably, being a little more diplomatically, and you sometimes are, by saying, if I can find it, I don't think I can find it. Oh, here it is. Does the America- The way? Yeah. That's still what America's all about now, man. The weed police, also Tuesday, while many friends and relatives of the 23 year old bartender and student born in the Navy funeral home, others appeared at sunrise in the commission meeting to demand an explanation for the fatal raid. Due to ounces of marijuana constitute a death warrant as sunrise resident, William Dalarma, a friend of Diota of Anthony's. Yeah. I don't know how to pronounce that right now. I don't know. I don't know how to pronounce that right now. I don't know how to pronounce his name, okay? Oh, spiders. Let's put that on there too. A lot of people are terrified. Oh, thanks a lot. And I'm okay. Great job, man. That sales department is really on top of it. They are foaming it to mouth, man. Yeah, they're really, uh, you're lost, Adam. Okay. Getting back to this story. And we'll just call him Anthony. Earlier, police officials released a summary of the information they used to obtain the search warrant. Listed what was seen from the house, and detailed what police say it's say happened between Anthony and Swann office for Friday morning. Neighbors and family dispute those details. And have a lengthy facts here from a friend Leah, a friend of Anthony, which will give to him in a minute. Anthony 20 is killed hours after he got home from work by a SWAT team looking for drugs, drugs, friends and family say Anthony worked two jobs went to church regular and was dedicated to giving himself and his mother, Marlene Wittier, a better life. Lieutenant Robert Voss, folks in for the sunrise police department, gave this account of the raid, this account. The SWAT team knocked on the door, and announced their presence before smashing and his door at about 16 am, they found Anthony is living room or it him to freeze and get on the ground. This sounds like a top police to me. Doesn't it? Yeah. Instead, Voss said Anthony fled to his bedroom and armed himself with loaded handgun. He also said it's unclear whether Anthony put it to gun officers, officers shot visitors and armed breeder shot Anthony dead. They shot him 10 times, leaving wounds to his head, chest, torso and limbs according to Rob Medical Examiner, Joshua, perpper. In addition to the marijuana, Voss said officer sees plastic bags and weight scales from Anthony's home, possession of two ounces of marijuana as a felony, cornestate statutes. That's a whole lot to us as you know. Not. The officer's personnel records were not available Tuesday, but the visitors has been with Sunrise since 97 on the SWAT team since 99. He was offered the month from a 2000. Rune is with the department since 99 on the SWAT team since 2001. Why do they have to send a SWAT team for its months as a pie? They have it. All you know how dangerous those weak smokers are. Oh God, they might be awake. Voss said both officers have no way through a disciplinary problems. And he just has been involved in any previous shootings. They're on paid leave pending investigation. This kind reminds me of the thing that happened in London, the old where they got with the backpack. Oh God, he's dangerous. He's got a backpack. Just blown people away, man. Just got for an album. Neighbors who said they were off at 6. And morning when they were ready to curate, said they heard the crash of the front door being smashed, but no yelling and out in the presence of police. Rune's Strauss Anthony's next door neighbor came to his window and his wife noticed the SWAT team to send on the house and the sleepy sunrise golf village. No words were changed outside Anthony's home. He said, I heard this loud bang and I saw flash, Strauss said, I never heard them say, police. If somebody were pouting on the door, I would definitely hear that or they yelled, police, police, or like your crazy friend would say, run, prozac, run. Police. The police department also gave a brief description of the information of the search warrant. Voss said that the department had the house under surveillance and made the least one controlled drug purchase there. Voss did not have more details about the search warrant. The police version did little to away anger with the department's handling of the raid. Nothing adds up Brian kick bush, Whittier's boyfriend said during the visitation in front of federal home. If they announced themselves, I guess all the neighbors must be liars. At the sunrise meeting, 15 people stood anywhere in black armbed. Maybe they just went, place, place, and then they kicked the door down. Is that possible? Yeah. At the sunrise meeting, 15 people stood anywhere in black armbed, and the door with a golden heart as the alarm told the five member commissioned about how Anthony was planning his first real vacation. The trip would have included the visit to was 91 year old grandmother. Now she has to come to Florida to bury her 23 year old grandson, the alarm said, as family members and friends wept behind him. Saying the shooting made him a shame to be a sunrise resident. The alarm said the officers had too much aggression and too little judgment using a search warrant and Anthony's weapon permit to create an account or far too likely to have the tragic outcome that it did. Mayor Steve Ferrin declined to address the allegations to rectify the same reason simply to be fully investigated. The response was not one Anthony's family hoped to hear. We didn't get what we expected since Sarah Spivey, a cousin of Anthony, who came to Florida from Washington State after the shooting. We wanted our side of the story to be heard. Anthony was a good person these days portrayed as a criminal. Boston, the people should be patient as the police department in the abroad state attorney's office. Oh, they're just just relax. Okay. Just come down. We'll investigate. It will make up a bunch of stuff. The department greaves for the family. We agree for our officers too, taking human life isn't easy to do. Well, it'll be investigated. 10 times. Very easy. Just to make sure you put smoking lunatic. What in God's name is America all about, huh? Life is cheap in American. What about with still the government? And in the country where life is cheap, you can never call yourself a great country. No, no, no. Now, here's a fact we got this morning from Leah yesterday. Well, how come we did you talk about this? Yes. Well, then how come you're saying it to me today? I don't want to repeat this stuff you did yesterday? Okay. Well, just sort of you did the facts? Yes. Well, then why do you want me to read it again? I just wanted you to see it. Anyway, to make a long story short, she was an girl. She was neighbors with a girlfriend of Anthony. She says you didn't have a prior record. A neighbor of Anthony was annoyed by the car's that came and went late at night. So he was reported at police's conducting suspicious activity. See it's a neighbor. There's the cigarette and wood pile. That's what it's all about. On you, on you, a, townels out there. And actually, he was a bartender. And after his ships were over between three and four and morning, they had his friends, and rather employs the work with him over to hang out. Anyone who has worked in a restaurant business knows that's what you do after work hang out. Have some drinks and if you choose, smoke a little number. He had to conceal weapon as license. The original report from police did it. He pointed the gun at them. But hours later, they retracted that saying they were not positive. He pointed the gun or not. Uh-huh. As of this morning, he yesterday, the only statement given was the mature he pointed the gun. But if there was one line next to him, after he was shot. Uh-huh. His neighbor, not the one that reported him, who looked directly next door. I witnessed the hole incident, said he never heard the police dressed in total black, an out-to-lay work. Directly confronting with a police statement, conflicting, which says they announced their presence many times, after five minutes they entered, and he heard shots. Anthony had a job for two years to help a single mother pay for the new house they moved into a few months ago. The police confiscated two ounces of pot, some paraphernalia, handgun a shotgun and a BB gun. Leah says the incident scares me because if this could happen to Anthony, it was considered to be a very honest and sincere young man. It could happen to anyone who enjoys having a smoke with some friends. He never had or dealt large amounts of pop, but I was dead. I don't understand this vacation. Leah, you're an American honey, you better start getting with you. But I understand the pot police. Not to mention the snitches. Now this is the thing that they keep encouraging people to do. It snitch on your neighbor. Make up a bunch of crap if you don't like him. Just ask George about his neighborhood died. See what happens to the fright. When you start making trouble for your neighbor, God, God, points is finger down to you and says you, and that's what's going to happen to the neighbors that were making trouble for Anthony. Okay, and I'll point that to his dead. Because he had two ounces of pot. And because he had the evidently allegedly, allegedly, a mal-content neighbor. And that nice way to put it. That's nice way. He's a crap. So anyway, there you go. Another dead person. As Americans know that you on life whatsoever, just went and dumped, take them out, law-moins. Although we do like those fetuses a lot. And man, oh man, those densels. Yeah, the stem cells were obsessed with them. The fetus hugers better have better aim now, because hang on them stem cells is a lot more difficult. What are you most afraid of? That's our poll today? You know, something we got another one for you. The police. There's a good one for you. Okay. Police. You right? Yes. Because it's become a police day for the last several years. Not just even with Bush has been going on for a long, long time in America. It's our freaking police day. Give some jackass. I'm redneck or gun in the badge. And I've been. 238 votes we got on there so far. Pretty weak. What are you most afraid of? Religious fanatic 73 George W. Bush 70 black folks. 19. Oh, come on. Don't be so racist, although. Big black guys were about black police. 16. Republicans 12. Pitbull's eight. Rats eight. Lightning in Thunder 7. I'm fearless. Six. Still only six. Perkane six. Crazy people. Six. Water three. Flying two. One. Oh, I know who made that vote. Haha. Haha. Uh, that's one. The police and spiders we just put on there so far. 10. 28. A QAM. The different. There are one. The two is a different. There are one. This is your attorney general and per Bayerard. You can see in sensible shoes. John Ashcroft. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. The first thing that's been done is to make a one of the most important things. Inured by Marcin scored a gaan with Ally G teaspoon. I press 0. Now I won't ask you where I am, or where I will score the question. Hah. ard c syrup. Uh, Galaxony Fresh. Same but I don't get it. You better win. says people, I'll do a glue service sometime. Signs stoned in highly OPS George is a demigod. I like that. George demigod. Or demigod. Demi. So we knocked on that on there. How about gas prices? We can put that on there though. Okay. And thank you again, Mr. President for those low gas prices. You put your U murderer. You and your buddies, the Saudis, man. And anyway, speaking of now, this story, I caution you. It's from a website. We have a link to it on our on our website. PrisonTitred.com, which is just a little bit radical for nevertheless tad bit. Just a tad bit. But, you know, this forced our general. I actually had this story about him and his alleged sexual, uh, Hanky Panky, that they won't go on and give us any details about the reason that he was a fire-divid. But, forced our general fired for organizing cool against Neal, Con's question mark. That's the story. We put this on a website and we put it on there. We put it on yet. Josh. Oh, if you said it to me, it's up there. One of them, I think I said it to you this morning. Yeah, like I said, it's not up there. Oh, but it will be. Yes. The head of Fort Monroe's training in doctrine command, forced our general Kevin P. Burns was fired to the apparently Fristcial misconduct, court official sources, other sources, however, have offered a different explanation for Burns' dismissal, which ties in with the Bush administration's unpopular plan to attack Iran and the staged nuclear attack in the US which were derived the pretext to do so. Sounds like 9-11 to me all over again. Doesn't? According to reported Grace's Manski, an anonymous military sources said that Burns was the leader of a faction that was preparing to investigate a cool against the Neal Con hocks and an attempt to prevent further global conflict. Indications are that much like popular opinion amongst the general public, half the military opposed the Neal Con to Gen. 1, half supported. Further revelations were imported by journalist Lee Lindellirman. Lerman's army sources, including a former Captain and Intelligence, became outraged when they learned that the official story behind 9-11 was impossible. They told Lerman that the imminent Northcom nuclear terror exercise, based in Charleston, South Carolina, where nuclear war had a smuggle off a ship and detonated, was originally intended to go alive as in the drill would be used to cover as the cover for a real false flag stage attack. This website has relentlessly discussed similar style drills which were placed on the morning of 9-11 and on the morning of 7-7 in London. Spectrelation exists that he had potentially discovered the fact that it was going to go alive and he was trying to put a stump to it also spectrelation in the case that he may be part of a military coup to send a 20-week-to-use idea of doing nuclear war with irand. I think I like that, huh? Yeah, well you know that the Neal Con's aren't though, and yet this is only the beginning, like Chicago would say. I don't think we ought to take a few calls here today because like Tuesday, it worked out just fine for me. What? No, it was. I want to take a whole lot of calls, but I think we probably, because I don't think there are too many other things that need to be on this pool, but you never know. I mean this is like the one on Tuesday was closed. This one is open a little crack. I can't say crack, because the crack police will be knocking the door if I was there, which I'm not saying goodness, because there's lots of people walking around smoking big fat ones here and nobody's getting shot, nobody's getting busted, etc. And so on. So I know that they come as a surprise to you, but in Canada, not only are they on the verge of legalizing totally, but also a people-locate shot for having to launch as a pot. Not, how you like that? Yeah. What a concept. Come into QAM, hello. Hey Neal, how you doing, buddy? Okay, paling. Listen, I'm going to promote the police on your phone. I'm going to go, I want to tell you a quick-low story. And in the outskirts of death, the police, I need to be good. I was over in camp because I'm business. Now it's coming across the skyway and you had to close down at a one-lane late night. It was like, bring them or no, come back. And it goes like, ride my bike. You know, I'm doing Stebendina, 55, and it is. Right, bro. So I packed my brakes, you know. And Nick's saying, you know, this blue light flash is right behind me. And I was like, oh, no. So I could down a bottom bridge up, pulled over. I looked at my mirrors, I heard them. I winded as a guy in a short pants and a t-shirt. And he wanted the mark hard. It's no lie, you know, the awkward. I'm like, he pulls out a gun. It's like my head said, you got a problem, I mean, I'm not the liquor on his breath. But I said, no, sorry, I got no problem with you. I do just, oh, I'm trying to explain myself. I'm scared to death. And he goes, okay, don't lie for this. It's happening again. And he wants to wait. So I told him, I don't want to hear the part of Nick say. They told me, fall, forget it. I have no your mother, and it didn't come to report. Right. And second, you know. Hey, what do you think? I know it just happened something with you. But what do you think it will end up being on our knees? No, please. Paris the thought. Oh, I think it'd be great. After the first six hundred compressions, the last thing we need is more damage goes after all, and no one will need that again. Have a great day, Pal. Don't start with a hockey talk. Oh, my goodness. Eric, of course, always brings daddy along with and that's the biggest part of the problem. And I'm Josh Aintu crazy about it either. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 in the Verizon and singular wireless line. Let's get hockey intensive. Not. And we got guilty. Let's encourage it too. Guilty it for. Marlon's a Vex 6 30 horrible thing. I got that story a little later on about that woman. It got, I didn't realize how seriously she got injured. I was watching the Arizona telecast was on my package last night at the Marlon game. Yeah, well, at least you, they, you know, recognized it happening. We had no idea. Dave and boring. Hid no idea. Nobody had any idea. I don't believe. I mean, we have the TV monitor going right there too. Oh, no, they talked about it. They said, oh, it looks really bad. And they said that a whole place is silent, which is not a good sign. And they didn't show it to their credit. They didn't like put the cameras on the chaos. That must have been going on over there behind the first base up on the stance. But yeah, Sean Green was splurged his bad. And part of it flew into the stands and woman had her screen ruptured. But I will get to that later on. But anyway, the Arizona telecast made a point of that. And at least they knew what was going on. But hey, I don't want to like start it on that. Does anybody come with you QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? OK. And I could have the time that the last call had. Go ahead. I want to, I don't have one time. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And that's, um, I'm really afraid of left wing doctors, man. They scare me. OK. Left wing spin doctors. Kind of like what's going on the air this morning. Do you realize you have to get a quarter order before you raid a home? You know, you please just can't go in and raid a house without reason. Left wing spin doctors. Exactly. So what other words if we're unhappy that police wither without a warrant went to a place because somebody complained about noise or whatever, not the guy would lose somebody away or a pen shots. They don't need to be into a bigger part. Is the drug dealer with firearms? OK. I mean, wait a minute. Because you have to try and just a minute. He, you know, no, no, we're in any of the stories that's seen as a drug dealer. And somebody's got two ounces of pot as a drug dealer. No, you just have to scale his way around. You know, the average person does that. And bags, right? Yeah. And so what if he is a drug dealer? Then he's you ought to be blown away shot ten times. Oh, I'm going to move him into your neighborhood. I don't come through. I guarantee we've got plenty of people here with two ounces of pot. Nobody's blown him away. OK. That was one of the cops. No, I'm sure that. Left wing spin doctor, my ass. OK. You fascist. You lunatic. You maniac. No, you can't handle the truth because you know, somebody gives you a badge and a gun or way away. By the big, by the moment, we had it. I warned. Yeah. You have a warrant to lie also. About an hour or so. If you leave it, the door was all the neighbors said they never heard that. Maybe they just whispered it. Please, please, and I just smashed out of there. I think they seemed to have a TV show. Speaking of a TV show. We've seen cops a million times. They don't fit or they're not. They're present to knock on the door. I don't think they should have thought I'm being fired. They don't have a gun to blaze right before you can see it. It was a drug dealer. Wow pot. Dmitri. Did they find any like crack? Did they find like a meth lab? No, they found a lot of stuff. Wow. He was the kind of really dangerous guy. Grow up already. When you place, you are dangerous. You're the kind of idiot. We're afraid of. Okay, sir. Right wing, jackass, ice hole, idiot. Fascist lunatic murderer. Perfect for Bush. You know, that's why he starts with the left wing. Spendor, crap again. Right. Maybe we can get him his own show and I'm going to send B.C. Right after we decrosby goes off next. 1042 at 560 WQAM. Teeth do not belong in here, damn, crackhead. Go smoke your crack, please. Oh, he's got the gun. But that's alright with me. That's it for a screen with another one. Oh my god. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. What's wrong with his bloody head, what's wrong with his bloody head? I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas. I'd like to play this as a Christmas.