Major League Baseball, Miss led Congress on their steroid policy, and it's not a smart thing to try to mislead Congress Fortunately, we've got everything straight down here. Everybody else is doing them. What's that? I said why shouldn't the athletes be doing drugs? Everybody else is doing them Hey, you politicians are doing them. Have you been doing those steroids? That's steroids. I'm just talking about drugs in general. Oh, oh, yeah. I'm pumping up man Remember something about drugs don't kneel Yes, so I'm just a dirty business. Yeah, right Especially in a horse business. They were never tolerated there. I'll see you then Drought to see dirty business. Uh-huh. You can have I'm gonna have the prostitution. There's no business like dirty business. Hey, you can have the prostitution and And the gambling the gambling right not that I want to make some nine years show them. Oh, this is not a gambling show No, that's a 10 Yeah All right, I'm at here. I hope you have a nice day in a wonderful show You would all interested in watching any of that congressional stuff with the baseball guys. No I wasn't either until uh until I saw was going on a last couple of days and I think now some of these people are a little ticked off There's good things over the change those that here don't know all crap To go in on for years and set of means Roids now they got a new one coming out the gene altering. Yeah, I got a story on that lady. He was my favorite cowboy Who's that gene woodland gene altering? Oh, oh Yeah Was he really after they played for the red skins? Oh Hey, you have a team what team did he own he'll be killing on your California angels right What is that? No gene altering him and were Rogers getting him. I think Jack. I'm so I got to trigger still dead too Oh, yeah, he's not only dead, but he's stuff Is he really you can go see him if he drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? You pass the Roy Rogers museum Conto said the long-rangeers stuff too. I don't know what he meant right now But there's a giant that's what the trigger that boy said yesterday after a Monday What he ate the three dozen uh uh Crispy clean donuts he was stuff that you can't be telling the truth about that that is I'm not the one I'm not there. I didn't make it up everybody we had several witnesses You know a whole bunch of witnesses 15 dozen donuts. No, he had three boxes. That's three dozen donuts. Oh my god. Thank boy Yeah, he even we couldn't do that not together. You know even put together we could do that even with the beast running We still couldn't do it. Yeah He would increase our odds. Yeah, that's true. It give us a fighting shot Well, you have a nice day you do it don't lose too much on a stupid ass basketball I'm all over it. You can't stop me now. I'm like a one-row way straight man college college hoops. That's a great Reemman. This is the bet. This is gonna be betin on parchesee No, no college basketball is actually gonna be about 20 years. Hank is gonna be over there. It's still an avid true A betin on shuffleboard Shuffleboard Yeah, betting on a my-john game. Yeah, I'll be in them. Yeah, probably All right Congratulations to Mow for extending that contract two more years. Oh, what was that? It's for me What was that? I got a check on that There's standing in for two more years. That's what it says right here in the Palm Beach postman I saw that Mow Howard David ended the the rumor is Extension taking the 2008 is a top show host on WQAM She's and I saw a school of pigs flying by Like they like a bunch of cranky old Jews you and me and the Mow and of course the token joc in there as well Oh, right dozenjocs. Well, we'll just go do boom aged together Maybe I'll watch those hearings. Is that gonna be televised today? Yes, it's on a 10 o'clock. I'm not now ESPN Well, I know ought to be on the TSMN because the SN is owned by ESPN. Now let me take a look They're making a rocketing comment along with these broken records came out of patience The steroids you're gonna immediately be there it is you got it man You'll be into it. I know you What do you mean by that you're gonna pay some attention to this? Okay? I'll keep it on all day You've been a baseball man until two but I don't but I don't care about steroids I mean it's so obvious it's like it's like asking It's like asking is the grass green. I mean what what's the point? Well, we all know that point I mean like very bond I just want to make it over under bed Yeah, this is the only person in the world of this and thing that very bonds is on steroids I mean you have to be an English They know that How do you didn't know you just said you don't care because you just want to you want to sleep with them or something You want to like be as bunk bug buddy. I don't know what it is Haven't keep count on how many times they take the fifth today. Yeah, oh There's oh yeah, speaking of fear if you ought to be drinking one Yeah, I think you need to quote find out what really happened and to get at the body I got a great idea. I think you just solved my eddlementary. I'll just carry the hearings all day. Hey, am I a helper? What? Yeah, that ought to help us that no matter what one's future To go find out what's going on with the extended contracts. I'll see you do a little homework on that, okay? I'm a resource They who were out the more The year I Which you'd be working because of my place. I had we a wax my shell a Oh now but I wouldn't matter pass really if you be wearing the green But it knows there's a smart lassie She's making sure that is wearing the clearly green protection of leprechaundom Don't be wishing I'd afford it global I'd rather than for the gift of am especially if you're planning on kissing some blonde stones Had a black hat yeah, the Dopidate in your prediction with different condoms this strong enough for a man But I like them too so It's a different condoms and your work to teach in anything else Well happy sent had his day to you. Let's see what are these liners here look for the QM Vandive a noon to one international tool Located just off of 595 on baby road for the big bosh tool sale Eris that borst big bosh tool sale and free lunch from smoky bones barbecue and Georgia McGill will be a treasure island night even though it's Thursday This is a place of last night because it's the empattie right five to seven for a same pepper stay happy our party Stop by for dance specials and prizes treasure rather off the palmotto just north of the 120 second street exit maybe some of them Ping pong balls will bounce your way or maybe just some other ones Let's see here's the deal our poll What do I got this out here for oh yeah before we do the poll raining else? Let's see we got a death Bill Aiman died you see that? Oops exactly see you're just so out of tight Baseball can't simply turn it's back on recent history this is for the hopper we want to carry this little bit of these The hearings and move on that's enough A former US representative bill layman a legendary figure south photo politics Consider visionary on racial issues and public transit died yesterday at Mount Sinai medical center Miami Beach he was 91 and you know what just like with my mother that's old enough When you be just delighted to make it to 91 and good health I'll take it right first seven over here's a good health A youth car salesman teacher school board chairman powerful politician who wield a control over transportation issues in the US for 10 years Lamin was remembered by friends and former staffers as a compassionate soul and voice of progressive moderation Which of course in America now is passay especially in Florida a person like this can only come along in a community once in a century twice in a century If you're lucky said John Sheldley of Sheldbol chief a staff US representative carry mek who is linens press spokesman He was truly colorblind he was born October 15, 1913 and Selma, Alabama the son of candy factory owners He graduated from the University of Alabama and married the former Joan people men in 1939 They became parents of three children two sons at a daughter who died of a brain tumor 79 He spent 30 years But her man as he used car dealer calling himself Alabama bill and ads before got into politics He also became a school teacher was elected date 20 school board in 66 They came chairman of the school board in 71 first elected a Congress representative North East day district in 72 The bus came part of democrat was known for his low-key manner the Southern draw he never lost him for his political power He was heavy duty baby. He won respect him on conservative Cuban exiles in 1980 It went to Cuba and negotiate the release of three political prisoners. How do you like that? Huh, Lamin good guy. He's dead Surgery for draw cancer in 83 left his speech slurred, but he stayed in Congress for another decade He I was setting me up his mind to resign from Congress 92 because of health reasons He had Southern realization that of the same length stroke he suffered 91 made him most effective as I led you Sights are in now. He's dead. Bill Lamin good man. Panama my show one How do you like that? How was he back in the day? He was a little okay. Now he was good guy He was great. He was a great man There aren't so many great men these days. Yeah, I don't know if you great man Dignan you were if you remove the cloud of her baseball and maybe say some lines in the process Ah cut their crap. They're all pontificity You know what this reminds me of it's like to think with a Catholic church in the the priest in the child Malestation and when they put on a real good dog and pony show and they're all sitting there very seriously And Congress is breaking them over to calls and we want to clean all of this stuff just like the president said to save the Unynidress and we want to get the Royads out of your Reckton baseball and it's an a right who are you people kidd man as soon as they catch on to one thing They're all before they catch on to the first drug you're already working on the next one Just like in horse race. You know it's the same thing You know before that before they finally catch the first thing showing up in the test that they've been able to evade for years Then they're already bringing out the second one that they can't detect and that's the way it works and we'll be at a different here Why not just legalize everything? Okay, so that the people with the longest needle and the best use there the ones that can win and just the way it is you know Right, I'll try with that nothing There's Henry waxman is I'm wrong with his or a drug problem that affects the S.E.M. Sand Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob baby, P.P. I'm a show. We like drugs a lot. How do you like that? We like prescription drugs. We like how come it's okay to put all those prescription drugs on the evening news every night and by the way speaking the evening news I will never ever watch CBS again Bob sheep or return me off okay dokey yeah, okay dokey, but and I will not watch Peter Jennings because he can't speak anymore That's amazing. No, he has Dick Clarkson, he's like and we noticed that. Yeah, but what do you do? No, I'm sorry, but he was once very articulate and very smooth and now it's like he's just straining it to words out like a Dottling fool and Brian Williams who sounds fine. He's very articulate, but yeah, can't look at him because he's not only He's his nose out of joint, but his lips are like not one of them is like over here bottoms over there like you know like rockian bull with galoba hero, but he he's hard to look at He's bizarre looks like his head came out when he was born his head came out like kind of like a Asid way you yeah, excuse. He looks like Rubin a skew. By the way, he did a reliable Rubin as he died out of a former governor. He was a real Yahoo man. He was a real jerk a Yahoo in this state. Yeah You know there's different kind of now walk it lot and he was a Yahoo, but he was a good boy It's not politics because as he was a Democrat, but he was a jerk as opposed to the he cool He was a good guy and then of course Bobby Graham who's our hero right Bobby Graham was the last Really rock solid politicians in South Florida as far as you know on the statewide basis First he was no Mark Foley or Charlie Chris. Yeah, anyway So we got this thing from the Palm Beach post got a lot of stuff here today, you know, and we got to clean up yesterday's poll We got today's big poll us already got a budget without even look at a bunch of Scott close to 300 votes Oh, we tried it over huh 304. See alright 304 306 I got 306 baby and let's see how you're doing I'm doing okay. I'm right in there with Mr. Ego, but you're way up there near the top Your shoulders above me you even ahead of Mo see it's interesting It's a good thing that Mo is like resigning for two more years because now the audience has started like cotton doing a lot more They how these become one of us whatever that means Huh, what are we I don't Dispies by everybody in the building so he's been around long enough drive and take long for that But anyway now that Mo is one of the family because ordinarily back in the day He would maybe even give it Russia run for his money, but now he's just in the pack You know in fact I think you've got to beat. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, oh, you got to be a man's down his pants He took her pants so we're crazy. I like Neil's Paul No, puns in Oh, right they probably hate which are across the USA Yeah, but you grow what is this I hear the spy and Valley who as a bunch of squares again this year Who says I wish to oh God loves the a wish and let's just go if you are you want to imagine a fun thing That is day you can be a bummer bugger to stop you and that's okay, but you can't be a wish if you're gay Got to live with about A bunch of Yeah, that's the fun to be on your ship. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't even try to be on your ship today. Yeah, yeah. Don't go, don't go, don't go. 10, I think happy St. Patty's day, okay. And on our website, Eric finally got it on there, but it late, then never. Now, we've heard a high five and baseball. I'm what we call, I've just the low five. Something like that. Yeah, that's a real congratulatory group. It anyway, it's a picture below, with the first United Methodist Church. You know, how these churches and the sholes, they've got these signs out in front. God is, well, whatever they put on there, you know, crap. Well, this is a United Methodist Church somewhere in the USA. Church of the Cross is the name, but then the sign says, don't let worries kid you. Let the church help. That is so good. And right above that, this is below where you're voting on the 401 and take a peek at these. And since we got the baseball right here, and down to this, I think they ought to have a hearing on this picture. It's the St. Louis Cardinals. Recognize the players. Do you know who those are? No, but he must have really got a hold of the ball. That was your hardest by the way, folks. And anyway, there's a picture and you kind of have had to wait now. I keep thinking to myself, it's got something in doing how they're like camera angles and things like that. Yeah, it's got to have something to do with that. We would think, wouldn't we? I think he's learning and helping hand is what I'm saying. That is one of the most bizarre things. And this is far as ever side. By the way, me, me, me. Across the country. Now America is asking baseball for integrity and unequivocal statement of against cheating. Well, here's a facts from Joshua Dero, which is really nice now. It was in the one arm, and such a great mood today because we didn't have a visit from Duff Orphan clearance, which is fine. By the way, pay me as a week from the Mark Ferns, the 25th. I just just market down in the calendar. That's all. Very simple. You don't have to call here. Don't have to come in and get everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Duff doesn't have to share his emotional cripple behavior with all our residents and spoil our, you know, turn a sunny day into a rainy one. Just go away, guys. You can just facts like this. Swords for me. Marlin's Red Sox game today, which was going to be on at 350C. We know we're too 50. We don't really care because it doesn't affect us. Has been canceled. It's still working on filling the two slots. I left a message with Mo and with Mad Dog. Eminem, Damon and boys, Mo and a Mad Dog. So, we're going to see who got on it. We know we got Curtis. Well, no, I don't know that. Curtis was slated. He was tensed into another tomorrow on exhibition. Is that the second one, Josh, that they had read that with a Red Sox? It probably the same game that they're trying to make up. Well, no, but that's what I'm saying. It's the second time they had a big Red Sox game, which everybody, because that was going to be the one time they were going to play, right? In preseason. Yeah. And as a result, the god, dreamed that the last time. That's the time I got to have a lot of her, you know, just in time. And then they had the pregame, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop Konrad Villa Rosy Patas Praghiskö werden. Tatyano – the位 Pokemon願い brings the Super win, play Roy Wright Farboa discover awesome responsum and 8 on Amazon. Congratulations, Jeann! It's content creators afterat is started.ďom Award for Ty� ln. not likely at the end. Manage of former dolphins tied in from 70 to 77, old number 88 has been the team's cover analyst for 13 years. Affectually known as Mad Dog, he continues to be popular with fans in his trademark. All right, Miami, or just, oh, right, is often an NFL film for actions. Not to mention, of course, a whole bunch of other things, like for example, if I can find it. Well, all right, it's course that out. All right, all right, all right. That's the last time, well, ever here, Rick we were saying, holy Toledo. Oh, my God. Oh, right, all right. He, well, I don't care what anybody says. Rick weaver was just, not not the nicest guy in the world in the smell. All I could, but he was a pretty damn good, you know, not likeable. But he was good. It can't like me. Anyway, now let's see, let me go on because there's some important crap in here in this article. Though Manage could not see that's wrong. It's not the feeling of this partnership is dolphin CEO Joe Bailey said, if you're going to launch something that's new, you ought to have fresh new faces Bailey said, this is a very stupid move by the dolphin's organization. But we've seen that there are that's their new trademark is making really stupid moves, for example, just a rod. Clearly in the case of both Manage and David, they're going to remain friends of the family if you will because they're part of the history of the team. Right, I'm sure Moffields are a lot of love and all warmth and coldness with the adult organization. David, a vocal resident who did play by playing the past three years is close to what are stands to. And I will take him into 2008 as a top show host on WQAM. I like that. Our buddy Mo is hanging around. See we're all standing and we don't know why because this is an insufferable place to work that people here are like a bunch of crazy people. They treatment of us is all brutal and protest lies, be us and yet we just can't get enough of it. Moa says we'll continue to do a weekly NFL game for sports USA radio network and we'll announce some comments games too. Well, my story is going, Moa. And you notice how poorly he's doing on our poll today. And that's good. Right? Absolutely. As compared to back in the day, I mean, you got to be hands down his such effort. Fans again. Back in the day, once upon a time when it was all that anger and angst in history and psychosis going on around these hallways or your hallways or somewhere, then it was a different story. Yet we have today people who were admitting that they're all bringing the games and cheating. Yeah, well, we can see that in that one photograph. To me, it was a job I did for three years, David said, right? Toto, Toto, Toto. Working with Jim was a lot of fun. Manages adult and for life. I'm sure it's much more impactful for him. It's probably very hurtful is what Moa said. First is said former Marlon Zanacher John Boob Schombie, the booster, who was now at 7.0 AM, is the favorite to replace Moa or David, doing the Evoicity Adolphins. Former Hurricane Zanacher Mark Vandermers told friends he would like to return. But he just signed a three year contract extension to continue his voice in Houston, Texas, although the beast who was a good friend of Vandermer came in this morning and said, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, he just asked crap. Maybe not, maybe not. See, the one thing about the beast, he never really tells you anything. It's just, well, maybe it's this and I heard that he's just a yenta. You're just a round little yenta. Like a human bowling ball. Like a big, like that big rover in the prisoner, the balloon, the big human balloon. Anyway, among those rumored to replace, man, it's our former Dolphins, Jimmy Siffelis, Kim Boakam for was a great guy, but as wooden as a 2x4, and Nick Bonacotti. Nick's not that bad on here. The rover was 790 hosting former Dolphins, and it is not interested. I don't want to follow Dolph, Rosset on his video show, it's like Dan Marino and J. Feedler. I mean, who the hell would want to follow Dan Marino, especially Jufe, J. Feedler? The Broward-based 790 AM has a former Seth and much of Palm Beach County. Bailey said games will continue to be on the Dolph and network which included a WFTL-850 and West Palm Beach. The West Palm Beach market is extremely, extremely importantly, organization, so the answer is whatever issue there is, presently, that'll be resolved, Bailey. Won't you come home, Bill Bailey, please? Bill Bailey, a WAKY-WI-Loverly was great, he was good. Back in the day of personality, radio, man, he was good. Bill Bailey, ever heard? No. How about WI-Loverly, Chicago? Have you heard Bill Bailey in the morning? No. Let me lose you. I think examining the use of steroids in professional baseball. Well, Hank is not on a ring, he wanted to put some of the signs that he was for so far in the Humper. And the Broward-Aplication. There you go. Hey, Bokkey, watch me pull a rabbit over my head. Oh, Wankles, that's not a rabbit. It is so my head, either. Boy, that was a great show, bro. There you go. What do you mean, honest with you? You stink. Well, Wife is a mega lot. After seven or two cities and four hours of night, dogs, I think it's a verb sign, you had yourself a shower? Who you? Who you? And I've got just the Supania. No, I risk wings, Dean. And the Mars of the Orton Zoo. From the Nafra, where is the Orton? Good I like to. You were the only Steve. Now your Orton is never like your Gazi, any of them. That's 32, 28 to 11 happy I say, Petty Zay. Let's take a look at yesterday's pool. Invitality and Terrock and we'll Hall of Fame is on our website. You can click on Air. Find your other boys. Whoever did that. Who did it? Erica, Erica. Find your other Eric. Well, Josh is still trying to recover from whatever we were talking about before. What were we talking about before with Hank? Oh, I'm very boned. Yes. To where we are and we're ready to move into our first camp. But before we get there, I want to ask names consent to Mr. Osborne from the basketball for McCotion University of Nebraska. Well, yeah, as he asks, boys on a panel, it's good. Not time. It's on Zay. Anyway, we asked yesterday what group of artists should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. But isn't it? If you want to see all the people who are in it, just click on on our website. Before you scroll down and see that disgusting picture, it's just an optical delusion. Believe me. There's no way in the world a too much baseball players like that. Bye. You know, he needed help with his cup. Obviously, they're making an address. Is that what it is? He's adjusting his package and two hands. Rush, 314. We didn't even put him on there for a while because we weren't really sure because we had some bad information. But Rush celebrated last year, the 30th anniversary. So obviously, they were first recording was more way more than 25 years ago. Then I will only qualify. But this audience demands that Rush is that interesting. How Rush, one yesterday's pull on Rush is leading today. He's going to win again. Cool. It's not the same Rush, but wow. Speaking of pop and pills. I wonder if Rush is at this hearing today? I appreciate the opportunity. Well, I'll be there. Rush, 314. That's the group, not the cow. Van Hill and won 79. It's very sad that they hung on a second place. What is wrong with you, people, man? By the way, speaking to people with very bad taste. Lucy Loo, who is on our beat to curtain again today. And we apologize. Lucy Loo runs with you. He's on their agenda today. And George just can't stop putting that on there because he hates you people like you. That's a concept. She is. We got several pictures of her on her, by the way. And a couple. I'll be honest with you. No matter what your persuasion, I think you would agree with me that the most of you. That the baseball picture is a lot more erotic than Lucy Loo. She looks like Yoko only won a bad taste. I don't care how huge he is with a blind crowd. Van Hill and won 79. A strong second place showing although not anywhere near Rush. She'll call 155. She should have beaten out Van Hill and not even close. But now, so I call this Leonard Skinner 88, $3.987. Yes, who? 62. Yes. 54. Jim Crochi, 44. The cars 42. Piss. 37. The movie Blues 34. Super-Tram 33. Well, it was not nice that they made the top something there. Good. Super-Tram. They're great. Love you out there. And shall we check her 29? The fact that he's not in there more, I would say more than anybody else on the list. Even though there are people who did better music. But the fact that Chubby Chek is not in there is just, it's like a slap in the face. I think it's a racial thing myself. There's something wrong with that. Can you believe it? I believe it. I hate the word, but if there's anybody who's a rock and roll icon in my lifetime, will be Chubby Cheker. Right? He's twisted and baby. He's twisted and he's twisted and he's twisted and he's twisted and he's twisted and he's twisted again like we did last summer. He's twisted and all over the place. Maybe that's what's happened in that baseball picture. He's twisted and all over the place. He's 26 ELO and blinded type with 25. I love ELO man. EL. You're fair. No, that's not it. That's where one of those used to be. You're fair. Oh, I love the way that sounds. That'll change tomorrow, but enjoy while you came today. I heard you dubbing it that way. I guess you had me shut off. I said, hey, you got a photo. Well, I had a shot you off. It's more of a feral thing. Nobody. I don't know. Liney 25, ELO 25, Boston, January of 20, a piece. Steady one with the Villa Village people I've 19. So the Sonny and she's here. Six 18. I want to read the whole list. Jesus. That'll take us up till midnight. I'll lend her on set. 17 bucks right in here is 16. Genesis 16. The spinner is 16. John Cougar Bellon camp 15. I could live without him. Deep purple 15. The Delvikings 15. Grand Funk Railroad 14. Steve Miller 13. Emerson Lake in Palmer 13. The Dave Clark 5 13. Abah head 12. Alice Cooper does in forner head 12. A foreigner is tied with Abah. What is wrong with you people? What is wrong? They just don't like foreigners. Notly cool 12. The Kingston trio 11 hanged on your head on that. Chief trick and proclamies had 10. America George Thorgrothirogood. Kansas, Jan and Dean, he Ted 9. Eight for step and wolf. Ron Grigini, Americans. The ventures to run at George Michael and the grassroots. The grassroots had only eight votes. There is something very, very rotten. You can smell it in the ear. Like Thundercraft Newman would say there's something rashi and rotten in the ear. It's not Florida that the grassroots had only eight votes. That's such silly people like Jan and Dean had more votes than the grassroots. Okay? Don't you find that embarrassing and grotesque and totally absolutely unacceptable? Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. Hon. He's still can't spell right not even close. Paul Revere and Raider's Hensory, Derek and the Domino's Hensory, the Turtles Hensory. To a piece for bread. Bread, head of Lee, two votes. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh my God. Man, if you people got some serious problems, Bobby V and Bobby Ridele and the Marvel Editsy Hensuit, one of these for Junior Walk and Eolster, how could Junior Walk and Eolster have one vote? We got two of the pale people in the audience. Mitch Ryder, the Detroit Wheels 38 special, which doesn't qualify. Ready, Helen Ready, Leslie Gore, Harry Nielsen, had one also one for the box top to crystals Edwin star and the Buckyams. And when Star only had one, what does that tell you? Huh? The people are their music. These are the people that put no in, we don't know their music. And no votes for Rare Earth, Kenny Loggins or Edison Lighthouse. No, no votes, not a one. Are you ready for that? Nope. Nope. So that's the list of Mr. Hamay votes that we had. We had like 1805. We could add 2000 if I'd left it up there. But I wanted to height this one today. The radio talk show host you dislike the most is dislike as in, we hate you. And of course we put our own names on there. I don't think we missed any names, did we? We must have, well, why do you say that? I don't know, because we always do whatever we do things like this. I think any talk show host who is heard. And so I'm not talking about weekend part time. I'm not talking about like omelette and toast and bacon and eggs and weekend people. I'm talking about talk show people, or at least on a fairly regular basis. We got 472 votes. We're going to make a thousand of age, Josh. Oh, how do you like that? You fair, huh? Are we going to make our 1000? Not even close to 11 o'clock. And we got almost 500 votes. We got to do it. We got this like phone off a log, believe me. In fact, we get to back ask and put those congressional steroid hearings on. Just to some of the recipes that follow this. I'm just hearing. Make her like a little more. But we're not going to do that. Yeah, a lot this. Okay, fly away. But that's Jim Bunning, who is sort of viable. Former great picture for you, Philly's in the Tigers, but he's a crazy person. Of course, as all of ex-Jox, he's a Republican from Kentucky, Jim Bunning. Remember when the returns were coming in, looks like he was going to get beat last time and all of a sudden he pulled it out of his hat. Just like a rabbit, Jim Bunning. Put it up. Not a crazy person. The radio talk show host you dislike the most is. That's our poll today man. Something you people can stink your teeth into. 472 votes already. Rush Limbaugh. Nobody's been a touch rush. Huh? Speaking of rides and pills and lies and hypocrisy. He's been a big fat tub of crap. And at the courses of what the right wing loves, they love liars. They look in the mirror and they say liars be us. We just lie all the time. We're full of it. Like Jim Bunning. Look, the public. See, there you go. Do you hear that? He's popping his teeth. Rush Limbaugh, one evening nine. In fact, maybe eight is peeing for breakfast this morning. Why hate pees, I'll be honest with you. Now, my little smashes are used to, but I'm just, I'm just not a peeper person. That's what I've heard. Rush Limbaugh, one evening nine. Sean handed a 41. George Rodriguez, 34, how do you like that? Even though Riley's got it. You got it. They're very, obviously, his for second place, right? Nobody's going to come anywhere near Rush. And who would want to? Quite frankly, probably smells real bad. What's her name, Darren Stevens? On the, uh, see it in there? They're in Kagan. Oh, so you don't go near him either. Yeah, they're in Stevens. Now you're thinking of, uh, be wished. That was his name, wasn't it? Yeah, I did that on purpose because I didn't remember her name. Well, I see. They're in Kagan. Kagan. They're in Kagan Limbaugh. What a disgusting thought. George has got 34. Billor Riley has got. But, turn the man. And of course, that's more than he's got listeners in the South Florida market. The, the impact he's made on radio in this market is, uh, can't complain about it because his business exists. Mohara David in 23 back in the name, Mohara put it in a big number, but not no more. Now he is extending the deal. He's beloved. He's almost one of the family now. Howard Stearns got 20s right on Moses. Hank has got 18. Now Frank in 17. Al Frank. Dan LaBassard 16. You low life slime ball. You who didn't win the world serious at all. You idiot, you loser. You could lick a mad dog's jaw. Okay. Probably would like to. Michael Savage 16 Randy Rhodes 12. Todd Snitz got 10. Phil Henry 9. Phil Henry's got 9. Are you sure? Yep. Randy Rhodes's got. I already did that. Steve Pains got 9. Mr. Rigo. That's the entire audience on whatever the channel is. Glenn Beck 6. O. J. McDuffie. Six for the Jews. Six for guilty. Six for me. The big O is got four. Any case that appear. Depot. Jeff De Forest. The Indian killer's got a couple. Jerry Springer 2. Joe Rose 1. And none yet for Boosh on me. That shows nobody don't like to boost. George. We love you. Roger. Another good cop show. But I've got. Steve. Welcome to the TV. Here. You've been putting up with a broken arm. Or other ailments. Because you can't afford medical care. Well, now you can get treatment at safe regions. Dillbin hospitals. Yes. We've eliminated frills. Like men. Versus. Pain killers. We've instituted cost cutting programs. Such as bed sharing and assembly line surgery. Yet you'll be 10 or 4 by our friendly staff. Roll over. Skinny. I need to check your oil. Woo. That fracture. Are you just glad to see me. Come to safe regions. Fill bin now for our hospital. Each special. Tell a urine analysis and teeth. All free. Placed. Don't. Best of a jar. It's a lob on safe regions. Filbin. We need the business. So let's kind of deal. 1047 at 5. 60. WCM has a facet. What about Paul from Big 106? Paul Castin. Talk show. Oh. Now. Right. Right. Not even close. Here's a suggestion for a pull. Which we're not going to do. But it's kind of huge. A relation to that picture we got. That controversy. A picture that we got on our website. We're going to work where you're voting on the pool. What are these two macho ball players doing? And he's got like, how much a choice is. I'm not going to even read the first one. Looking for the Rajan bag. Getting some pine tar. Checking for. Ernie. That might be it. There you go. Checking the sea of the other ones on steroids. Or trying to get to third base. Oh, it's just cute. It's cute. It's kind of cute. Not real cute. But kind of cute. Almost as cute as Lucy Luz. In fact, even cute, I would say. A jury acquitted our good buddy. Tough guy actor Robert Pleck and murder yesterday. The shooting method is why four years ago. A stunning verdict. And a case that played out like Paul fiction without John Revolva. Without any fries or mayonnaise. The jury also put in Blake of one charge. He tried to get somebody to kill his wife. But deadlocked on the second solicitation charge. The only problem is now that the obitious family is going to take him to civil court. I enjoy. The 71 year old star of the 70s detected drama. Beretta dropped his head. Traveled with emotion. Let out several deep breaths after the verdict was read. How many times have we seen that in the last hour? About 30 minutes. Oh, talk about drool and red next. There's Dan Bolton from Indiana. Who were in a position? The anti-genital. What? What would be the steps thing? Not would be the steps in we take. We just stick it in and who's that? Yeah, where would you stick the needle? This is such a dog and pony show. Congresses have an hearings on steroids in baseball. We got all kinds of crap going on. We got Halle Burton ripping off the government again. We got people innocent people dying and Iraq and all over the world. We got famine. We got Tesla. We got murder and bloodshed. People blow it into this brains out like it was a like it was a hobby. And at the meantime, Congresses having hearing. We got $57 a barrel plus the highest price of oil in history. And thank you very much Mr. President for those low gas prices. And we got hearings on steroids in baseball. God Almighty, what are you people thinking about? This is just like the indecency stuff in broadcasting. It's the same crap. We've got the police. You fill in the blank. Okay. The steroid police, the word police, the J. Walking Police, the sex police, whatever. The jury of five, five men and five women. They're living in the British on its ninth day of deliberation. Starting a trial with a cast of characters that included two Hollywood Stuttman who said Blake tried to get them to bump off his wife. Blake can face life in prison. Prosecutors weren't looking for death penalty. Unlike, of course, the uncle's, what's his name that is getting the death penalty. And he smashes head on the police van when he showed him in there. That was great. Scott Peterson. They'd love that. Blake, we charged with shooting 44 year old bodily bakery to death in their car. And you know something about the bottom line is the bitch had to come in. Unlike, for a lacy Peterson, whether unborn baby, which was just really an infomniac, unlike that situation when a flandery Scott Peterson is going to get the gas, he's going to get the needle Watson. But this probably Blake. I mean, she had to come in with her. He did it for somebody else. It was just a matter of time. I think the dog done it. Even the dog hated her, like, poison. Now, here's some really bad news. We had another story that I was actually, we had on our website. It was actually going to read and then come to find out that late last night. Speaking of speaking about your Congress is doing, here's another good example. Every player in major league baseball. Here's another good example. The House passed legislation late last night intended to lay the removal of the feeding tube, keeping alive that brain damage woman who's husband has core permission to allow her to die. Terry, for old Terry. Earlier in the day, a Florida appeals court refused to block the removal of Terry Shavos feeding tube. For years, her husband has battled her parents over his efforts to allow her to die, which he contends she would prefer rather than live an agitated state like Florida. Who would have would want to live in that agitated state? You'd have to be some kind of a masochist by an angel. The House bill passed on a voice vote would move such a case to federal court. Federal judges have twice turned down efforts by the parents' Bob and Mary Shindler to move the case out of Florida courts, citing a lack of jurisdiction. Senator Republicans are introducing a separate building of Shavos and her family standing in federal court, and they hope it can be debated today. A Republican aide said. Under the House legislation, a federal judge would decide whether with holding or withdrawing food, fluids, or medical treatment from an un- incapacitated person violates the Constitution or US law. It would apply only to incapacitated people who would not left the rective as dealing with being kept alive artificially, and for whom a state judge had authorized the withholding of food or medical treatment. Some House members criticized the bill which represented fat jury in a Gerald Nader of New York called a dangerously reckless way to deal with some serious issues. It doesn't just deal with feeding tubes. It would allow intervention in any decision, affecting any kind of medical care, read the bill, mayors say. He is pissed off and fired up that third Gerald Nader, said which is good because he's emotional out first, my burden, at least four or five. Maybe a few calories. I'm going to be calorie. I made the believe. Yeah, right. I want to take a few calls here because I'm really whipped up and go for Lindsay about this crap here. I mean, first of all, I don't care about baseball at period. All right. I don't care about hockey anymore, and I was number one hockey fan in South Florida. They can all take a fly and leap for my part, okay? I've played that all of them. My life is going to log just fine without no hockey. And of course, one thing about a way of boar to win you live here. All the way back to the league zone. See, there's always, we got hockey 24-7. If you want hockey, hockey, hockey, we got it. Okay, we don't have to play any new games. We got all these still old games on there, right? Right? But baseball, I mean, I've been out of touch with baseball for years now, because all these ridiculous salaries, all this phony, polypony, these phony, a steroid driven superstars, like very bonds and Sammy, sofa, would him cross in himself and that thing would have fingers. Yeah, he got to finger all right. Bye-bye, Sammy. You stink. That's tired of it. So if I don't care about baseball, why don't I care about what I'm doing steroids and how Congress is sitting and wasting all your taxpayer money, having congressional hearings on steroids and baseball, which quite frankly is none of their business in a first place. None of their business, right? Right? Right? Yeah, I think Congress's business, whether Mark McGuire or Jose Consecle was like in the needle in the ass. How do you do QA and hello? I do. Wonderful. Sounds like, yeah, that idiot. How do you do QA and hello? Me or all? Yes, sir. Hey, a question for your poll now. I know that he hasn't been doing really talk shows in a while, but what about Joe's a gag? Yeah, right. What does he say? With the poll is complete, okay? The poll is closed. Joe's a gag. He is not a talk show. Some of you people need some serious ass assistance to polls, because we got everybody doing a talk show right now. We're not talking about somebody who maybe did a talk show for five minutes about 80 years ago. We're talking about talk show host right now. Got it? Good. Write it down. Put it on your arm like in the mental and get some mental help soon, please. Come to QA and hello. Yeah, no, I don't today. Okay. I'm just going to set the four yon. Not two stales. We're sent to Mad Dog Show about five ten. I don't know if that was right on this yet. No, but he says, I'm gay. You talked about him and Curtis who's saying about how back in the day, gay was not a, a derivative word and him and Curtis both of them. I'm gay. I'm gay. Yeah. Okay. We'll have to get that stuff out of that so that I was getting out. You're fair. Right. Why? What do you want to say really? If it's almost 11 o'clock already, we barely broke a sweat and it's already the for hours by my baby. We got nice long breaks all day today. Curtis Maccar and sales and spite of a hate me like poison. I think he's really got his thumb as no to the grandson. They're selling spots like crazy because they know that's just a matter of time before they start to win a dollar hour over there at 790. Oh, but we got the, we got the dolphins, no. You got Joe roses, what you got that's all you got. You got Zippo and you got Zippo, and I'm talking about the lighter. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. The eye. Well, I'm a thing about yesterday's poll is that they got one vote. Juni Walker and all sorts. Is it the Rockham roll all of faith? They are. They're in there, man. They got one freaking vote. Juni Walker and the all stars are in there. Yeah, they got one score. Where do you see them? Under W. So I know, W. Juni Walker and all stars. And guess what, they're still not in there under W. They're still not in there. How do you like that? They're not in there. You see him? I don't see him. No, they're not in there. Maybe they're not in there. They're not in there. Anything. But I don't know if Juni Walker and all stars. They're not in there. Schmuck. Puts. There's another one. Huh? Yeah. Right. There's another sound photo. That's an expert. He knows his crack baby. He just gave me about 30 seconds. Two or three. So, anyway, much. For this one, we're going to try something to do. Juni and... We've been, we've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We've been. We get you say that's the way. It say that's the way it's in, I think. Hahahaha. Other stations give you card. Other stations give you cash. But we're going to give you what you will be wondering. Because we're going to make you dollar. How's the winner of them. That's right. You'll be able to look down women dresses. See what people hide. And the top's of our futurator. Make millions of dollars playing for a old basket ball. And don't be tall enough if you're tall enough. Just betaa. When you hear this sound, and we'll save your head and grab by the layer after later. And then feel your seven foot three, mostly for hand. This station except no liability in the event that your body regents it's new for him. Because of the nature of the procedure your eyes will remain in the same place. So looking down women's dresses will need to be accomplished with the small stool, stool 9 and 2, it can price 10. Sure, you'll be really weird looking, but boy will you be... People listen for your chance to win. There's nothing like a small stool, that's what I've always said. It's a lot of no tool at QAM, look for the QM Vandere in the one of the international tool located just on the 595 on D&E Road for the big Bosch tool sale and free lunch from Smokey Boons BBQ. Free lunch. Like I said, I'd stir-line enough right now. And George McGill will be a treasure island on the 5th of December. Special say, pennies they happy are, party. Stop by for dance, specials and prizes. First round and right off the ballmeto. Just know that they hundred and twenty-second sweet exit. But felt combined and deputy humane. I those are rejoins, just leave me. Limp. I just don't like them. In fact the only thing I like less than that is that one we got would do the Hank one there. That thing is just... I don't know. Hank ought to like protest about that. We gotta get rid of that thing, that is just brutal. First of all, it goes. It sounds almost like Mo and Al Michael's again. Remember that one? Yeah. I got it here somewhere. As if I have to ask, remember that? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. So Mo is silent for two more years. Boy, that was really a shocker. You know, I pop her, huh? I post a show you man. If you hang around long enough, soon you become part of the woodwork. Everybody just stays forever. Set the course for school and. I think too much monkey business with. Roy. Certain people. How come this thing will queue up on here? Is there some special reason? Is it like rejecting? I don't know. This disc? I'll be damned. 560560 pound, 560. Pound 5's. Oh, there it is. 60 on the AT&T of Verizon marvelous line. I don't know. Tell somewhere in the hell in the day. Oh, it's all Michaels. Yep. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. just a little bit haste. Oil prices give fresh highs today, forcing, oh, fact to consider a second output increased yesterday after we've seen it the race of Pliesfield all crews record written events. Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. And for all these Nazis, you are employing all these very important posts. What's happening in baseball? U.S. Light Crewed broke about $57 for the first time, reaching his highest $57 Fiti and like trying a $57 Fiti cent. And like trying a Fiti, we forced up in the 5733 up 87 cents from yesterday's settlement. London's Brent Crude, you talk about crude man, that's the word for this crap. Benchmark for European imports got his highest record $56 a year before easing $255.80 up 92 cent. I'll almost a buck. As our dependence, where we just continue being the scriptural into the Saudis and all of these other grave robbers, it's just amazing to me. But the good news is, for those of you who don't care about the environment, and for those of you who really believe that this is going to cause the price to come down anytime soon, which it's not. I'll mid the backdrop of Surrey Oil prices and gasoline prices. And thank you again, Mr. President, for those fantastic bargain baseman gas prices. A sharply divided cent against it, they voted to open the ecologically rich Alaskar wildlife for a huge oil drilling delivering a major energy policy when the American government said it's so good for Al President. The Senate by a 51-49 vote rejected and sent by Democrats and GOP moderates to remove a refuge drilling provision from next year's budget, preventing opponents from losing a filibuster, a tactic that's blocked repeated past attempts to open the Alaskar Refuge D'Oral companies. The action of swimming Congress agrees on a budget clears the way for a further drilling in the refuge later this year drilling supporter said the House is not included similar provisions budget. So the issue is still subject to negotiations later this year to resolve the difference. The oil industry has sought for more than two decades to get access to what is believed to be and believed to be billions of barrels of oil beneath the 1.5-minute acre coastal plane of the arctic national wildlife refuge in northern eastern corner of Alaska. Let's show the Johnny Horton North of Alaska. What about Johnny Horton? What do you say? Rockin' Roll Hall of Fame. North to Alaska. What do you say? Okay. Now, like Johnny Horton, though, he's pretty good. Battle of New Orleans. Remember that? He's not a horton. He's a good one. He's no little Willie John. See, that's what you have to use as your measuring stick. You have to look at the list that they've got the people they put in there and take, no listen to me and take the least deserving most obscure couple of them, like little Willie John and it had James. And then you say yourself, ah, no. Okay. So, almost anybody else you might mention. Sure. More meaningful and better known and more significant than little Willie's John. Man, who are they? Let's see. Here is check out Christ on thecrapher.com. It says, this administration is very instaeroids. It's started in the estate of the Union, right? Yeah, I do. I mentioned that before. I said to the Indian, if you were listening, I mentioned that. We got very important fish to fry. Wait, how did I get back on the CNN? I don't want to see Ricky Ficky Sanchez on there. Oh, wait. Wait. I got to go back, though. I got to go back. What does they develop in story, which means that Kara and Darren's got a hang nail. Oh, a person of interest in the case of this thing, Florida, girl is now a custody. Do we care about that? No. I'm not an interest. There's a lot of interest. There's a lot of interest. On Susan Candy out there, we'll find Susan's doing the report. But we have more important things. You could have improved at a record of saying about future Hall of Fame and Duckies. What do you be saying? What do you just say? Also, let's see, what is this saying? I was hoping you could tell me. Oh, drilling in Alaska, Mercury standards reduced. Everything is going on. Okay. Okay. Look, this is not going to be a show. This is not going to be the Randy road show. Really, Al Frankenstein, we're going to solve all the problems. This is a show where we try most for the most part. Yeah, we eat some of this stuff and I pass it along and you can chew it up and spit it out and wipe your butt with it. What do we want to do? That's it. But these people, it won't be a good quality press. Oh, what do we woe is me? I'm not going to move for that. Can't all you do? They're just like muffling Z. You know, the same crap. I'm tired of that garbage. All is the sky is falling and they want you to be just as morbid and depressed and insecure in the psychotic as they are. I'm just not playing that game anymore. I'm not doing it. If he ever comes in here again, you'll hear silence on this and I'll go and make me a balloony sandwich or something. I'll make me a peanut butter and balloony sandwich. I was just not participating. I don't know. If he wants to take it personal, that's up to him. But he's the one who created it. How many times have I told him? I don't want to continue having me either call or come and write before to show and destroy my show and my day and my life. I'm an old fart. I only got like a limited number of days left. I would say. I'm 30 maps. Believe me alone already. I'm like, I'm less like maybe somebody blew up a building or something. Then it might be nice to know. Right. But other than that. Sorry. I'm not going to call. I'm not going to call. Don't be trying to let that. You can't do it anyway. They hate you like even the audience hates you. In fact, that'd be a good thing. We used to be called in today. What is your problem with George? What have you got against poor little George? He does his best. He's even got Lucy Lue on here for it. And he knows he's a beast. He knows that a lot of you are desperate. Okay. Now you like that slut. So we try to do our best for you. And yet you just turn on him. Especially at a time when he had to go through that. The straightful inquisition that Maddie Bell, Fat Boy, Greg Reed, Waternotsie, Duff Lindsey, Clarence, Dero inquisition was current set on that too. I don't remember that. I think. Oh. No, probably you don't remember because this distress was so great. It probably looks like you're back years. The radio talk show host you dislike the most is. Rush Limbaugh 249. There ain't nobody in the league with Rush. You pill poppin fat lying sack of crap you. Sean Hannity 58. George Rodriguez 44. A very solid respectable third place showing Bill O'Rale 34. More Howard David did did. He's got 31. You see how he's split back. He. The audience is starting to worry off you. More your little slow on the you know. Like a block of ice. It's hard to warm up you real quick. But after a while you grow on us. Just like that here piece. Howard Stern 27. Daniel Bassard 26 and I'm just piece of turd. He belongs on the radio. My like my devil dog belongs on there. The tiny show like his audience. It'll be tiny way to see those numbers come out. Pick it on the mad dog. It's on the face of it. It is so ludicrous. So embarrassing in him. I'm really getting a guy that we used to have on a weekend. And a morning used to come in and like get on the board. Mess up with other people. Show you remember that. Mm-hmm. Have an ass once because he's an in basso. Al Franken 24. Al Franken. He's going to get pushed out of there. And he's going to stop off. He's got to be the anti-rocious. Especially the anti-billarrile. Hey, Goldberg 22. Michael Savage 20. A real Nazi if the river was one of many at Caluna. Randy Rhodes 14. How are you doing Randy? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Around 30. Like, whatever. I do not even get let off. When? Sam was just... I drink. I'm cold. I feel like you drink. Wait. If Tom did Trot, I think I got it, do you? K deg local we just have to say. But I, if Tom did, I feel when I have more time. I've been like 500. No one surrendered. Do we want him to stop the water? Because there's still wind on that rock. The name of the lord is really growing so little. the juices got six I've heard some reports about his show all him bad Jerry springer's got five the big No, no, no, no, no, no So he was hitting that thing the big always got five mad dogs got three see almost nobody don't like the mad dog Yet he case got to Jeff the forest to oh see we made a bad mistake we should have put defo in that slot not absolutely not I'm gonna I'd a taken a walk if they put that batch standing phony engine killing piece of turtid in there that they've cornball rolling G-guard ladies got a pair Joe Rose one and no votes nobody all like booch on me and nobody knows who went She'll see how to six 642 it's 12 minutes after 11 o'clock Josh Cortis we have 642 votes on that pool now you've been the pool watcher that you are these student of these numbers you must even you must be Pretty impressed with that, huh? I definitely We are absolutely blown away Roger ex-gloose in lane on five six One of my arms I Not here now Jump in my arms anyway In the world where re-lakes the green eggs are customary being United so best there's the low return as rocking balbo up to defend his title against the formidable How would they they in Rocky are 27 Can't can't can't can't it for a dozen it can't can't can't No, no, you is this guy as well. I'm a David he was known as the ring is the mighty moment name A lot of polo green was just a bummer Well, I don't want to use any evidence Well, I get to a ring. I'm gonna have my the idea of the world for this I can 10 minutes to challenge you to pay a while to the champion Oh, I said get out of here. You don't scam me. Why I'll make my speed out of you You're on pot The This Look oh Now I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I do class. I miss getting ready. It's a 118. At 5.60 WDQIM. I think I need to put that in there along with. Do fare in a little bit of version version. You know, I got this. I can take a book sitting here that I spent 26.95 or 30. No, 36.95 can't even make for this stupid as book. Well, that's what I got to bring it back for Josh, right? Right. Right. Right. I'm gonna read that one paragraph again after I get through with this crap of what they're doing because they're in recess right now, I guess. The chairman of a house panel looking in the steroids immediately baseball. It's trying to divorce leaders today for being uncooperative. And heard star player Sapenee, who is hearing to take publicly responsibly for their actions. Major league baseball and repairs association. We did word of our inquiry first as a nuisance. Then as a negotiation, we're played with Miss Statements. Governor Reform Committee Chairman Tom Davis. Republican Virginia said his opening statement. I understand that he's at a avoid the public's prying eye. But I think that Miss Judge Darceriousness of Prophecy said. I think that Miss Judge Wilhoff American public believes that sunshine is the best disinfectant. Right. Just like the administration government in the dark. Davis's government reform committee was hearing from six of Peaney players including Mark McGuire and Sammy Sosa, along with Commissioner Buds, light and other baseball executives medical experts and the parents of two amateur athletes who committed suicide after taking steroids. See, they've set with his arm crossed and lifts first as Davis and ranking minority member Henry Waxman, Democratic California, chastised him in his sport. There is a pyramid of steroid use in society. And today our investigation starts where it should, with the owners and pairs at the top of that pyramid, Waxman said. See, the pyramids, what was that song that had had along the now? Did it have that? Did it have that? Huh? Sorry. Oh, Bocca Brown, I don't know the song. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You belong to me. Did you please? I believe. Okay. Does that it? Let me look it out of it. You remember that song? See, the pyramids across the aisle come on. There is something wrong with you, Mr. Yeah, where we start. We'll find out from the audience soon. Let's see, you can make it happen. You belong to me by the did to priest. No, God. The old man still has it anyway going along. It says, without immunity from cross-accusing, some players were thought to be considering invoking their fifth amendment, right to refuse to answer questions. How do you like that? Just like the Humphor was saying this morning. Yeah, maybe they're going to bring some of their buffers too. Addressing the players they've said, some have an opportunity to include their name or take public responsibility for their action and perhaps offer cautionary tales to our youth. Now speaking of those cautionary tales to our youth, the reason I've written that up is because here again, in his book, used by the Anxious Hosecan Succo, who when the pre-preface and the preface to the book, he says, I'm not a doctor and I, there it is. This book is intended to be informational. My no means should be considered or for medical advice of any kind. But then here on page three, right before you barely got your nose wet in this book, he says, if I can read just a couple of brief paragraphs against, since I've only read 22 pages of this book, and I'll never read another one. He says, yes, you heard me, right? Sturides used correctly will not only make you stronger and sexier, they will also make you healthier. Certain steroids used in proper combinations can cure certain diseases. Sturides will give you better quality of life and also drastically sodomists slow down the aging process. If people learn how to use steroids and growth hormone properly, especially as they get older, 60, 70, 80 years old, they're way of living will change completely. If you start young enough when you're in your 20, 30s and 40s and use steroids properly, you can probably slow the aging process by 15 or 20 years, whose days is I'm 40 years old by the look much younger and I can still rule everything the way I could when I was 25. How do you like that? And they're going to give some cautionary tales to the youth out there about the evils of roids, like I had both legs amputated and the kid that committed suicide and all of these other things. And the kid and Texas who died from roids, all of these things, who the hell are they kidned? Or sat before congressional committees to tell the same. You're practicing attorney, you're advice to someone in can't say those supposition because he is on probation and what this means. Any lawyer, any lawyer, would sit down with their client before they have to appear before a committee like this and spend hours if not days going well. There's a Roger Cossack, he got blown off a CNN member, him Roger Cossack who used to be on their with a bread of on brown system and she went over to Fox and he got blown out and now he's on the SPN and on TSN here. Okay, let's take some calls and find out why they heat you so much. All right, and I'm not going to talk to that one guy. Well, I'm more tired of that guy than you are. I just can't handle some of you know, we already know we know how you feel. You hate George, somebody hate me, that's fine. But let's hear from some other people, I mean, let's find out. WQA and hello, I see there's one, they probably don't like this like you would all, these two embarrassed to say it. And by the way, when we take somebody's calls now, I think we are really interesting to see which ones are coming from inside the building, like when Medi Melvin calls right into a voice. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. WQA and hello. 2A and hello. WQA and hello. This is your crowd. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Kelly Mitchell, the hotty. Okay, great. We're really excited. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Ah, back to you. And. And that's it. That's it. That's a memory of our material. They just ran out all of a sudden just like, you know, all of a sudden. Yeah, well, we were not getting anything great, but we had like something almost coherent. If we did win, what was that? What day? March 1st, 82. WQA and hello. We like the story. WQA and hello. Yeah, David is thrilled. You're awesome. Thank you. Now, can you know, that's not what we're looking for. We're looking for a verbal intercourse. Not something to call and take it a chief shot. An additional what you can call and talk about whatever you want. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing since it always amazes me that they always want to pile on your little ass every time we do one of these deals. You actually look at strike to shot and head of the if they're for second place. Yes. As a matter of fact, it's interesting, but the top four there are three of them are right winners and you're the only one in there who's not a part of part of that crowd. I always get freaked. You can't reverse freak. That's why I always do well when it's who do you like. WQA and hello. Oh, my balls hurt. Yeah. WQA and hello. What are you giving up? I'll try to shake a bite. See, now you're starting to take this personal. This is a nice guy. So who cares? It was a who cares 50,000 years from now. Who's going to give a craft of who is that guy? Okay. I've ever done that girl. What's your name? What's our username? That girl. Marlottomis. Marlottomis. Marlottomis. There you go. Danny Thomas. Daughter. QA and hello. Yeah. I'm a person George. Do you mean you want to talk to George? What's all this happening? Oh, I'm on the radio. What's on the radio? Are you doing? Okay. I'm always cracking all of them. Talk to George. This is a very high paid show. We're not. You know, I'm a person. I'm more feminine than you are. He's like a little girl. I can't stand them. Yeah. The one you want to talk to him for them. I want to hear him trying to hide his cube and accent. That's what I mean. Yeah. I'm trying to hide your stupidity. Okay. Give it a shot. I didn't do good on that call. Tell me QA and line nine. Hello. He's bald. He's stupid. But he's like that. Well, he must be talking about Tom Jick again. By the way, nice calm today, Tom. You will listen to Neil Rajasthan. I'm listening to him. He's going to be in deep arms. My time shift. He's going to be in deep arms. He was sick of Bonnie Bayley. And he was gone. Even though she'd had his baby, their whole marriage was gone. So we took her to a restaurant. And when dinner was done. Then when she got back into his car, then he pulled out of her gun. But he thinks he like his daughter's mama. Thought she grew in this life. So we asked the couple, stunned men. If they were gone, thought it's like. We thought a ticket only murdered her. If we picked this mistake, we shot a price when it opened all the way. And her name's Robert Bayley. He killed a bunch of folks in cold water. And a big movie. And he wasn't so successful. And he played a common TV. Now he's just another jailbird. He could kiss a cock or two. Like he used to want her red up. That's the name of that TV. Oh, he was like his daughter's mama. Thought she grew in this life. So we asked the couple, stunned men. If they were gone, thought it's like. He's got a lesson to be this bodyguard. He will never escape. Now we started to go to prison. And his name's Robert Bayley. Okay, let's take a few people to pour what he's saying. I say a few. I had a printed out because I'm scared to like talking off mic. The radio host, the talk host, who'd this like the most is. We got 727 votes. That's pretty impressive. It's only 1133. I mean he's coast. Rush Limbaugh. I mean Rush is in a separate category as in the like. Okay, other than of course, by those Dittoheads who are just Lemming's just a bunch of little sheep. Whatever you say, Rush, 297. For Rush. He wins hands down. But after that, Sean had a V65. Little George Rodriguez, 56 as in Q 56. Now out of the 56, how many think are from inside the building? About 30 men. Okay. Bill O'Reilly. Well, it's got Maddie Bell in the water, and now she's fine hand all over. He's smoking. Bill O'Reilly 39. More Howard David in only 36. Nice going. Nice recovery. He's going. I was making a comeback. He's signing for two more years on 2 a.m. He's going to be doing an A-colline. It's a 40. Whatever that channel is. Do do do do do do do do. We rehabbed him. I think I think it was the hairpiece. I think once he laid his hair down a little bit, I think the audience said we're going up to a little bit. I think our stern's got a third man. Dan LaVastard 28. Oh, brother, talk about living up to your name. Danny Boy, they hate you like poison. Alpha Rankin's got 27. The Humphors got 23. Michael Savage 21. Randy Rhodes 15. Pigeon F13. Phil Henry a dozen. Are you sure Steve came 10? Geldie 9. The O'Rangers 9. Time with Geldie. They can't separate it. No. Do I have to live? O'Rangers 7. Glenn Vexix, Jerry Spring 6. The Big O'Rangers 5. Any cage after forest and demand it's only 3. G Gordon, Livy's got a pair. Luke Schombie, one Joe Rose, one Edge, all to steal God. Zero because of a ghost with a hell of a hit. No, no, no, that's the case. They put him on the prime time spot because they thought nobody would know who ran you what? Really? Everybody knows who he is. God, I see. So that's what we got in the pool so far. For example, why it is you have this tremendous contempt, hate and disgust for a poor little George who's getting really sick and tired of it. Oh, whatever. Exactly. WQAM, hello. I know how you do it. Okay. I think it's a fool, but somebody will go out. Hi, is I miss on a year on radio and sound floor? Nobody can do it. Yeah, he was on a sound floor. I didn't hear the vlog yet tuned in. I just heard you say the fool, you know. Nobody can do it. If somebody can't be heard in the market, I mean you can't watch it. I'm missing you. You're actually a strong stomach, but I had the same words thinking about it. But I reason I called it because I just thought you know you should be getting off south now. They should be giving you the rest of day off. Is there any real sports radio station covering an NTA basketball tournament today? But like you said, that ain't really a real sports radio station. No, no, no, no. It's not. It's an entertainment station. Okay. We're not interested in just having a bunch of sports nerd crap on here. Let me ask you something. How much did Booge pay it to make the call? Shmuck. And if it was a real radio station, you would. We're not interested. We don't care. Go find a station that is carrying that crap. And in fact, quite frankly, turn on your TV and watch it. What kind of bullcraft man? What kind of unhappy horse crap is that? Just like the call at Moga yesterday. I got a spy report on that. What was the deal about Josh Wissell? Who told her? No, Miguel told us about why you know I would do lost at all. Then I would do was crap. And I'll kill him. You're in a dream world. You people think you can talk yourselves into listeners. Talk yourselves as a numbers. If you keep putting crap on the air, which is 90% of what you've got, that's what you're going to have for ratings. It's crap. Nothing. Zivity Duda. And this is not a sports show. Okay? I'm not interested in going home, which I am home, quite frankly. I'm not going anywhere till to a clock. In fact, I'll tell you what you're saying. We might even stay on the four o'clock. But you like that, just to piss that guy off. Yeah, I'm probably saying I'm sparring today. You're my, you know what that reminds me of. For voice mail. I wish was the guy was that I'm there so many of them. That's a great help. He used this on the air. I've been listening to QAM. Now that's not it. Huh? I think it was the pissed off guy. No, no, no, not that guy. The guy from out of town. If this is the best you can do sports talk radio. That guy was it, uh, I don't even know which one was, uh, the so many of GD sports guy by the says GD for a reason I think. Oh, well, I can. I'm sure this is a robber. Um, I'm playing an out of town old time on business. Whatever. I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and have to find the Rogers. Uh, be honest with you. It's very pathetic. And, uh, this guy. Oh, credit. I mean, this is all you got on sports talk radio. Okay, see where the, if this is all you got his sports talk radio, and that's our management's problem because this is not sports talk radio. And even when Stern was on and we had me after, uh, I'd for like three and a half hours. We had like all of these hours, eight hours of non sports talk and we still were doing sports talk. See, this is the problem. If 790 wants to be sports talk just like the fans, just like Fox, all these other losers before them. Find pack a misalami sandwich. Okay. So, the number of real sportsers, that's all we want to hear around the clock. You could fit him into a telephone booth and have room for the chiming Chinese army left over. It is ponderous man. It is boring. And all those basketball games you're so all been out of shape. They're all going to be on television. Who gives a crap? Call up your book. You see how it's going. Schmuck. 560, 560, pound 560. And in addition to which if there's such hot shots sports radio over there, how come they're not killing all these games? Huh? Wouldn't that be the ticket? WDQA and sports talk radio, hello? And you know what's up? How you doing, sir? Hey, who was the winner of the poll yesterday? Rush. Rush. Same as the winner today is going to be Rush. Was my uncle's band from the 60's mentioned on that poll? Yeah, who's that? He was still his cavalry in the rascals? No, no, he was not. That's a good one. Young rascal should've been on there. Go, I'm sorry. Didn't call him yesterday. You're on my vote? Yeah, he just said that. Yeah, he did. That in 75 cents will buy his three quarters of a couple of dollars. Ashley, we're on theLittle house. Wow. Rascal talked with me to the Research Center. That's supposed to have to be clear though. Actually we're not coping with the problems. What are you saying? You are an idiot. Woggy unscheduled singer. You're crazy. That's so nouveau. What are you saying? Whom do they exist in your. Different amount of find words. Why not that thing off the play line again? Uh-huh. Not a good thing. That's good. Yeah. That's it. Well, it's first thing I'm going to have like a brass ball. Oh, you got them there. You know? It's a terrible rat. I thought it was a good time. That's a close snack in the pond. I'm sure you're moving. I'm sure you're moving. And you're trying to walk into your family. The White House says we're all the same. Now can't be sure when a mic's trying to make you feel like you're not. You see, if a little really John is in a rock and roll hall of fame and Phillips Cavalry and the young rancels are not. Then it goes to show you that all is lost. You'll run your ass. What's all this? On 5.60. In M. Sabahatax. I'm now in this second of the Frank and Charles. The Frank and Radio Theater will politically Satterize the Godfather. It's a panic. Now all the roles will be performed by a cast of me. Let's have some radio fun. The showing. I made that gun nice and loud to scare off any pain in the rear. Bystanders. Make sure that the gun is there. The O.C.I. I don't want my brother walking out of there with a O'Reilly's toy. In his hand. Do you know how to get that? I wrote that myself. They shot him five times. But he shows a great deal of resilience. And that's good news. No. Do you know who I am? I am Alfred. I made my bones when you were engaging in Consensual frowning skills within terms. Now let me remove my glasses here. No. Oh my eye. That's not a foul. That's a foul. That O.C.I.I. is a pit. It was no back all along. No. Johnny Ola told me about this place. Or why did Uncle You? I'm not going to help. Anyway, I'm smart. I'm good enough. And dog on it. People like me. Not like you. Say. Johnny Ola. And now here is the famous told booth. We have the sound effects. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Well. We'll be back with more week radio. After they asked you. I'll be back with you. I'll be back with you. Oh. Oh. 13. Go do it at 5. 60. WQA. And he moreie does got a great comedy. Although I think I probably should take somebody's very important cause for us. So we can get to the bottom wall of these things. WQA. Hello. Hey. Meal. Yes sir. How's it going? I was surprised. Go hold you. I've been calling you a couple days. Well, it's your lucky day, man. Yeah. My lucky day. Tell me. I'm going to be my company. I'm going to be up there. No chance. The full day was a one shot deal. I don't remember why I did that. But it was a one shot deal. That's what we didn't have any spots on the road. No, we got a spot to go. So we didn't forget about it. Get lost. Call off our sales department. Maybe they'll set you some spots for many dollars. Come to QA. Hello. Well. Those are in the locker room. Oh, please. I want to buy it. Are the restals in there? That's the same guy that called me for about two new walkers in. And I was going to make me keep wasting my time to see if they are in there. No. No. They're not in there. They're not in there. They're under why. They're under a why. See, we were looking under our for restals. They're under. They are in there. I was looking under the basketball. So they're well. We don't blame us. Playing the guy to call me for it. So that's his uncle. How come they're not in there? That was his uncle said. The wascals. Yeah. Shame on you, sir. They're in there. The uncle. Who told us how many times he told us it was his uncle. He cared about. You see, he's feeling scared. Yeah. Then. Like I said, then 75 cents. We'll get you about a half a cup of coffee at the natives. I mean, what are you talking about? What? It's a New York thing. Just forget about it. Okay. A wink in a fraud rights marine doubt. At the grid I didn't wash in on Saturday, where old media gently mocked politicians with corny songs. I sat next to a presidential gag writer, Landon Parvon. It was saying jokes were best when Republicans make fun of Republicans and Democrats make fun of Democrats. President Bush looking spiffy and white tie entails swung by the talk to Mr. Parvon. He didn't look my way, but proceeded back up to the diets. Suddenly, W. turned around, stopped and looked right at me. Then he flashed a wink. Not a flirty wink, but a misdemeanor of his carcabel. I've got your number and you think you've got mine, but I wind wink. Bush had a cold, but he was feeling pretty hot. He started his presidency with a tentative demeanor and a chip on a shoulder. Now even with the middle east still roiling and the Democrats still spawning for a fight over social security, W. feels as if he's alone a lot of hands and has a big provochips. He's confident enough to send two-y and a ladder with talks with special eyes and blowing off the globe. John Bolton and Paul Wolfowitz, to our global institutions, that it minimize multilateralism. Wolfie's biggest qualification to run the world bank, his prediction that Iraqi reconstruction would pay for itself for the Iraqi oil revenues. In the Washington Post, the reporters marked LeBavitch wrote that the president's phenomena like a different person since the Iraqi election, so Lucy Guzzi is he tries to sell a social security agenda and other programs that he was resembling a Texas auctioneer, pitching private accounts on a forest built. When a woman in Arkansas town meeting last month told W.C. was from the queen he replied, that's right next to the king. At the grid, our investor Bush finally took to the dangerous puppy who would roll over on command, but only some of the time, our renamed him John McCain. I may have gotten a presidential link, but I still don't have my regular White House passback. Maybe I'd get the back if I became a male escort, but Bush agents have now decided to let in a blotter. Maybe they're grateful that Blot-Hound blotters ran off Dan Rather. But this White House may not like new media any more than old media, but already moved on to fake media. Here's yesterday's headline on the humorous Andy Borrowitz's website. White House reporter turns out to be Cheney, fake mustache falls off beat during press briefing. The White House isn't backing off its plan to replace real news with fake news. The Bush has created their own reality to convince the country that Iraq was a threat to the US security. So even though the war was given birth to some of the very evils it was supposed to fix, like more recruits for Osama, and Sodom's formerly sealed weapons following in terrorist tans, Bushies like the results of their war. Now the White House has its own Gulag, CIA agents snacks us by some five enterprises like Egypt and Syria to be strong up in chains and tortured. And the times reported yesterday that at least 26 deaths of prisoners in American custody in Iraq and Afghanistan may be criminal homicide. So it also has its own Soviet style propaganda campaign. It is news conference yesterday that President Brissled a bit when a reporter reminded him that after it was revealed that his administration was paying columnist to shield the agency programs, Mr. Bush had ordered that such tactic cease. But as the reporter noted, the administration is still using government money to produce stories about the government that a broadcast would notice closure that the government's producing them. David Barstell and Robin Stein wrote in the Times on Sunday that at least 20 agencies had made and distributed fake news segments to local TV stations. The administration spent $254 million dollars in its first four years to buy suffocating housing recovery from PR firms. The President joke that he couldn't tack on an armed George W. Bush not proved this or was not a real danger. But then he said he wouldn't. That it was up to local stations to reveal the truth. He said it's just a Department of Defense that the fake news programs are within the law so long as the base to pawn facts not advocacy. And of course this is a White House that never makes a tax to suit its purposes or a cell of its programs. It serves its profit and a ball face with no hit of its real agenda. At least I got a wink. It says Morayan. He's okay. She got a little wink. Now it's not. No, no, no. It's not. 560, 560 on a Verizon, Siggit of Rottler's Long We Got 300 and a million. But 338 votes for Rush. The radio talk goes to you dislike the most somebody makes you want a Kakka. We're so on hand in the 70. George is starting to make a move on Sean 64. You're moving on his territory. Go to a rally 43. Mohour David at only 41. They love you, Mohour. Howard Stern 32, Al Franken 31. Dan LeBasterd is got. But third man. That's a high number considering how few people he's got listening. Hank's got 24. Michael Savage 22. The Schmidt Leister. Todd Schmidt, Scott 16. Randy Rose 16. Phil Henry still got a dozen. He's stuck on 12. Jeldi 11. Steve K. 11. Glenn, Glenn, Beck 9. I'm type of Glenn Beck 9. A piece. O. J. McTuffy, the big O. Have 7. Here is bringer 6. Eddie K. 3. Jeff to force only 3. They love V4. That was a bad mistake. G Gordon Litty 2. Boog Sean B. One. Joe Rose 1. Ed Schultz is still got. Oh, zero. How could you have? I'm 812 votes. How could you have none? You're fair. Exactly. WQAM. Hello. I like 40. WQAM. Hello. 2. I am. Not there. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. WQAM. How are you, sir? What is it? Can I get on the air? You're on right now, sir. Come on. Let's go. Let's get with it. How come you people are so slow? Let's go. I wonder what? I'm sorry. But you ought to be sorry. What do you got? Give me a prediction. Who's going to win the tournament? I know you got it. You're crazy. Oh my god. Who's going to win what? The ping pong tournament of our cheesy tournament known physical consequences as being serious. Exactly. Get serious. Even the congresses pissed off at that call. First of all, it's too stupid. Even always on the air. And then, secondly, give me a prediction. He's going to win the tournament. Call off by your book. Okay. Get a life. Oh, but it's college hoops. It's college hoops. Who cares? WQAM. Hello. Hey. What's going on? Hey. Can we have an e-creening of his house like Craig wereling on there? No. Wow. I'm pretty almost like the other day. And I put on depot. And you know what I can't think. Where are those sports nerds that have their freaking, uh, their, uh, what the hell is that called? Their teams that, um, their fantasy league teams. Yeah. What the heck? Do they have nothing better to do? They have no line. That's called. I have no line. That's what I meant. There was a guy on radio and he's sitting there talking about, oh, I have this player in this position and a solo one in this position. Yeah. And I think he wishes he had him in that position. Just like that picture, we got on our website. Let's a bit of a listen to the normal. Yeah. Yeah. Talk about fantasy. Four minutes still noon at 2 a.m. You're watching. They hate you. You're watching. They're like, They just don't know why. Yeah. The 12 to one hour on Q8. Um, They do it a run faster. Jump higher and make the blind see again. No, what? You want to move like the wind. So like an eagle. And raise people from that dead. Oh, yeah. This is the only one human little thing. I think they'll do it. Yeah. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Just put up there on. What's the little thing you're giving us up here at school? Oh, no. What did you do? What? Two of the phones to get out of here. Are you? Jesus. What? Why? Why? Why? Why? What? Why? What? What? What? This secret here. Jesus lies in the soul. The pet New function jail. He's filled with faith. He's clearly laid into the scenes. Every father here, four days old, he's walking to the lower. He's not always possible for anyone. The jail of the turns to one. I don't know. Come on. Look for the old and Jesus lost her hair. There Jesus. No, let's do feel like you're holding it. Yes, I don't. Probably don't have five, 60. WQA. I mean, they got the parents of these two kids. That high school kids are committed suicide because of chronic depression from taking to end of all our steroids. Okay. And my point is, I don't blame the players. I don't blame the management. I don't blame my bloodlite. I blame the public for continuing to support this crap. Not necessarily. How many times do athletes have to slap you in a face? Just like this jerk to call me for you. You should go home. You should let you go. If this is a real sports station, we'd have the ball games. Right. When the public stops supporting this garbage, when they stop being raped, they did by the, the greed of the players and their agents and all. Just like the NHL. If they never play again, guess what? My life will go on. How do you like that? And we just had a report in between the, and the little commercial break here on TSN during our break, I was listening to it. That all these phony talks there having again this week with the NHL. It's all a dog and pony show in there. Father of Parth and everything's going to happen. These next two months. Absolutely positively nothing's going to happen. And they were all whipped up into a frenzy. You know, I don't care. You care. But what? Let's see if George isn't even care. What does that tell you? And of course, far be it for me to talk about the people like what a ball games because then Josh Cortis is good up. So because that's his livelihood. So he can't say nothing in the hood. But he knows. He knows what I'm talking about. Supporting this garbage. Guys making 15 and 18 and 25 million dollars a year for playing baseball. And all these phony records that he keeps saying, You know, it's how quiet he is. All of a sudden, that's because Rossi Bernstein, that's a name like a girl. And he's going to want to talk about it. By the way, we will be on till four today. They couldn't find a way to do two to four. So Josh Cortis is doing the two to four slot. And I write, oh, sure. Why not? You could talk about Royce and face the consequences. See, there you go. Five, six, seven, five, six. You see the facts that matter is they don't have any. You're just like a human punching bag. You know, I mean, that's your role in life. It's not a video, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's like a rumor. It's like rumor all of in his case he deserves it. But you're human punching bag. This is your role in life. You'll have to accept it. That was always a fear, by the way. Well, at home, of course. And that's your choice. Right. WKOM. Hello. Oh, I'm a, I'm a, I know. Okay. You know, I know you don't care for Bill Mark. You're much better. I don't. I can't say to him. He heard. Oh, they can say, go with on his show the other day. And he quoted the same thing you read out of his book. Oh, yeah. He's, he's touting steroids. He's telling everybody how great it is what they can do for him from your life. Yeah, but at least Bill Mars, they're well, if that were true, wouldn't you still be playing baseball? Huh? And he read so his dad to be sad recently. And he really, you know, really blew it up in his face. Yeah. So that's how he, he had a cell of book. Maybe number one, the best cell of their friend. He was the best cell of his. I want to talk to him. I'm money on it. I'm, unfortunately, I did, but I'll be more now. I'm going to auction off. Anybody want a 50 cent. That's right. Jack wants it. Now, why do you want to read it? I don't know. I mean, I'll probably get 30 pages, you know, into it just like you did. It was to find out how to do it right. All right, see. Do you want to find out where to stick it? Correct. Hey, look for the QM van right now. This is the big hour. Baby, new until one at international tool. Just out the 595 on baby road for the big boss tool sale and free lunch from smoky bones barbecue. Why don't we have anybody out there for that free lunch? Start out? I mean, the tool sale, that goes without saying, but I'm just wondering if anybody's out there taking advantage of the, because smoky bones barbecue is good stuff. Yes, it is. So why aren't they out there eating? Maybe they are. See, we never, we never get any more feedback anymore. Everything is just like, kind of like, you know, it's not like it used to be. It's like cookie cutter crap. And there's no interest, no involvement. Everything is like come and see, come and see. See, that's what really pisses me off. That's why I had it raised holy. Hell, you get it. Get some copy in here, get a few spots on here and guess what? And spite of the fact that this sales manager hates me worse than screw-ended. They finally went out and did something. Like fat boy, if those three doesn't don't, that's an unfortunate amount of money to buy some new copies. That'll work every time. Got energy. George and Miguel will be a treasure island speaking of fat boy. That's his account. I'm sure he won't be there because he can barely move now. Five to seven and I'd for the same patties they happy our party. Stop buying. The most special surprises treasure island right off the palm at a just earth of the 127th Street. AZ. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, is it? I don't understand how many hours a day because somebody possibly was in a sports dog. And that's my point. How many times do you need to hear the same stupid ass thing? How many different ways can you say the same thing? Yeah. I mean, if you ever listen to any one of these talk shows, you can turn one on in the morning and one on the afternoon. And it's basically the same week, three cycle craffles. We're in over there. I don't know. I have a 15 hour loop canal that listen to sports talk radio. I'm in a picture. I love sports. But you know, I listen to it maybe 30 minutes a day. I'll listen to Hank. Find out what's going on for the most part. But that's all you need. Yeah. I'm going to listen to it 24 hours a day. I mean, I enjoy listening to Hank and Mad Dog. But I'd much rather hear them talk about anything. I like them the most when they're talking about all the wall stuff. But when again, that's the sports that have he sport. I can't listen to it. I don't want to hear about it. Absolutely. And I guarantee you that guy that's called up is that you should go home. That's the guy who this ball gets inspired up. Who calls at least three or four times a week. Really? That is got to be him. His ball gets me fired up when I hear someone say that. Yeah, you know, you know, see their him or his boyfriend. One of the other. Yeah. Well, all I have to say to him is, you're very. Do I have a great day, pal. Yeah. The sports curry. Like, both of Brian says, an 85 of those bits. You know what I mean? It's just the whole concept of sports talk radio. It's just out of way out. You'll see. See in this market, it's like, oh, you know, there are a bunch of silly people. And this particular one over there is a fine bird guy. A jewel, a fine bird. Whatever his name has got a lot of money. But all these people, oh, well, we're going to put a better sports. But how many sports stations you need for a quiet out loud? Third man. How many times you like this guy says, can you say the same thing about the same games and the same players and the same teams? Who the hell needs it? You talk about narrow casting. And would all do respect, okay, anybody on this station? I want to say one thing. When you're not really talking about ball games, but when you're talking about betting on ball games, you're narrowing it down. I mean, you're not just talking narrow casting. You're slicing it down like a little tiny piece of the pie. Or it could be at a big, nice, heli-pie or banana cream pie, sitting at a little teeny slice about the size of your thumb. What's that? Nero casting is what that is. That's why this business of topics and guests and narrowing everything that it's like automatically saying to like 90%. Maybe 95% of potential audience that might actually want to hear whatever you want to say. Like I say in C, a see you later, alligator. You know what I mean? Exactly. Okay, what do we got on the pool? Well, I'm sorry, but this whole sports talk thing is just, it's like an illness, it's like a disease. And people like Ray Perry running around and building with that crap about, you know, if we have more stations doing sports talk, it's got to bring more people to it. Crazy. That's insanity. It's like saying if we have more people doing torture around the world, it's got to bring more people coming forward to get tortured, you know? Just madness. Boy, just, really, this frost may ask us, it makes me very, very angry. I just can't deal with it. And I mean, I grant you that, you know, part of the bread and butter of this radio station, but the fact that it matter is the fact we lost the dolphin broadcast. We were losing money on it. Who the hell needed it? Like the panther games. How many people listen to the panther button? Turn it, man. Nobody. Absolutely nobody. More than once, I blew out a big chunk of this audience because of the fact that I got sucked into doing hockey shows with Rimmer and I got talking about Brian Murray. I'll remember that episode there with a mochi show. Nobody cared. I allowed my own personal feelings to get in a way. I'm not doing it again. Tell. No, I, to what? I'm not doing it again. Period. You can't talk about only the things that you're interested in when you realize that nobody else in the world cared about them and expect to have an audience. It doesn't work. And like I said, Dan LeBasier can open up his big stupid mouth on there and all day every day and rip bad dog and makes no difference because you managed to be more entertaining just saying hello. The next yac has to be. It's not even worth this dignified but I talk about only because I enjoyed. Given him a stork because if anybody deserves it, it's him and anybody who ever worked at the hairl. The radio talk host you dislike the most is Rush Limbaugh and a separate category 357. He's in the Popeopin all off to the erase his vimest self category. Rush, Rush won the party yesterday in the music and Rush wins the poll today on we hit him like poison in the pills. Second, Sean Hannity 73. George Rodriguez is in third place but on the verge of a major move with 70. Who I'm Sean Hannity's ass and Ray, you'll be a lot of people are going to be talking about that. Bill Rally 45. Will Howard David only 44. A middle of pack. Nice going. Nice recovery. Howard's turn 32, Al Franken 31. Dan, our bastard's got 30 men. Which is tripple. The audience he's got over there on at the, I lost my ticket. 25, Michael Savage 22, Todd Smith 19. And the thing just be first again and just goes hopping around. I hate that. Randy's got 18. Randy Rhodes, Yelby 13. Phil Henry still got a dozen Steve came 12. He arrived just 10. I got 10. They hate me like poison but they're listening right now. They love it. They need I feel a void of crevice, a crack in the resistance. As in. I had no right. Glenn Beck 9, Otemic toughy 9, the big. Oh, 7. 3, spring or 6, Eddie K3, Vivo's still like got 3. G Gordon Litty 3, Booshabbe's got 1 Joe Rose's got 1 out of 859. Both Ed Sholes has got. Oh, big off. Woo. Man. They had era America looking out. They helped get Bush out of office. Yeah. What are the tremendous impact that makes it in those numbers? They're doing it. Remember all the stuff that they were going to do, you know, didn't happen. Now, what are you doing? How do you go to the table now or what? Yeah, because you're like, or maybe you're like, you're running around a building, hoping trying to get people to vote for you again. Yeah, yeah. You're like, I'll do it. Sure. Phil, do it without your ass assistance. Probably Maddie voted 40 times. See, you keep denying that. Believe you, he's a he's a your personal anti-Christ. He is the, I don't know where you get that from. There's only one confirmed hatred in the building. And who's that? All right. Yeah. Now, you're, and I see Greg has gotten, no, he's not right enough to have his own convictions about anything. He would, he would know good if you shoved it in his earlobe. No, no, the lots. No, you're wrong. All right. Now, he gets that from certain air in, of course. And then there was another, Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. I think he's in a past. I think you and Moha bonded since those days. Yeah, great. Hey, Tim Tudor. What do you mean by that? He did, he's, he's, he's extending his, oh, that's right. The deal's probably made with Joyce. Greg doesn't make any deals anymore. He's been kind of like the clawed, you know? He's kind of like Tom Dirk, he's bald and bald. Twelve minutes past noon at five, 60 WQM ham. Sure, you're familiar with a guy named Anthony Calliando, the main man at acceptance capital mortgage. So before you call any other mortgage company, please let the main man tell you what you don't know. Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products? And if you're credit is less than absolutely perfect. Absolutely. Then you got problems. In fact, get ready. The famous tool that a word name was language, if it's not perfect. Oh, that's correct. If you're not working with the right line of the chances of getting improved, our 50 Fiti at best. So do yourself a humongous favor called right now, toll free. One triplet for a three loan. That's one triplet for a three loan. Let the main man in the team put you in a mortgage that meets your needs. Avoid going to the wrong lender, maybe being turned on because you called the wrong number. Call the main man. Anthony Calliando at acceptance capital mortgage toll free at one triplet for a three loan. That's triplet for a three loan every time they close alone. Unfortunately, a proceeds donated to the kids in distress. So I call anybody else avoid the bait and switch. Get the best deal going anywhere with the main man today. One eight eight eight four eight three loan. Be sure and tell them that Berkeley told you to call. Sure listen to Neil Roger. I'm on five sixty sixty. Are you a M? And a D. No way they tell me. Here. From hockey to hard. A pose is made in fear. No ever when still faithful we've no red wings and no stars. The only fight is that will be inside the fire. Come on today. Come on today. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You're fair. It's 12 18 five sixty. That would be true. So anyway, you remember the days that I would deal with. We used to have sports talk on from sixty eight p.m. I do. When it was like it was a segment. We had one two hours segment every day. Don't need to watch to it and that to that. We thought that was plenty. And the audience was planning it did okay. And they had mad dog on there. We had beef hole and beef hole and you foe and Kimbain. Whoever was on there. And it was fine. And the half of my hand was doing a show at night. He didn't do a sports show as you recall. It was a hate show. That was the hang show. He talked about a whole bunch of other stuff. And it's an interesting guest and some boring guest and whatever else. But I mean it was the hang show. It wasn't a sports show. And then all of a sudden this whole, you know, this is like, it's like with television, you know? This is not a lasting thing. This is one of those phases that comes and goes like Westerns and then queer shows. And now it's all the so-called reality shows. And then next week it'll be something else. And then that's the way it works. Just like we had the party radio on there for like what five minutes on Cox. And just like the FM music formats. You see the one format that's always consistent on FM is hits at a pass. Oldies. And you want to know why? I mean there's something to do a better than it is obviously right. I don't want it because they're always oldies. And because all of us want it here from time to time, not always a steady diet. But some of the music we grew up with and we liked and we liked here again. Some day, which you'll ever hear on magic. But you're on a sand. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. So there's some formats there like forever. And there's some there like just a passing phase. Like on television. So far for us. Guiding lights been on for like, I don't know, 40 some years. And some of the other soaps on there have been on for 30, 40 years. I would say. But turn man. Yeah. Because people watch the Mirawitian becomes a part of their lives. But when you're talking about these contrived formats that are like so narrow in scope. I don't know. Let's just talk about baseball card collecting. Let's talk about numerous Maddics. We need her. Yeah, let's have a coin collecting station. Not a show. Let's have a radio station about coin collecting. And then we can have our sister station. Can be the stand collecting show. And then we can have another station. It'll be the baseball collecting show. Remember a video show. We'll load the market. Right. We'll we'll corner everything. Whatever you're collecting. We got a station that covers it. Like a blanket. Right? Yeah. How could you fail me? What's not to like? Do you want to do QA in? Yeah. I. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to say I had a Neil Wallman town. I'm flying back to Vegas today. Oh, this is the Bob Lincoln. Oh, geez. What do you have in our life? Huh? It's not. Yeah. He sounded too much like him for my resume. How many people had sounded like Bob Lincoln? That was him. He might have tried to sound like Bob Lincoln. Oh, I don't care who it was. I don't want to talk to him or anybody who sounds like him. Viva, a lot of Vegas after what he does. You know, I see this. This is like the thing with Duff. Okay. After somebody abuses you to city degree, you have to find me. And that's my own personal weakness. You don't say it's 40 times. You know, it's not a question of holding a grudge. It's a question of when somebody is a negative factor in your life. You have to finally just say, that's it. I cut the cord. Okay. Just go away. Right? Let's think about that. Well, what is there to think about? It's a truth. You don't know who I'm talking about in your case. Oh, no. I know who you're talking about in your case. Okay. I know exactly who you're talking about. Five, six. I don't want to get involved. See, that's fun. You know, me. I'm mine. My own business. I don't get involved in any of that. I just my own business. I'm here 10 and 2 and that's it. WKM. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the NK. He's got a good one in the world. Seriously. That's it. WKM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? I'm under Tuesday when I was looking to Howard. I switched to Paul real quick. Yeah. And he was ripping the mad dog. He was ripping you. You know, we already heard about that. We don't care. We didn't care on Monday. We don't care about it. How do you like that? He was ripping you. When he was in Randy was paying your drop in. Why don't some of you people grow up already? Would you please? I have no right. Who cares? This is so juvenile. You know, like when you were in a sandbox and school, I was Johnny said that you had that breath. And Tommy said that you were in fire. That you've done do the in your pants. All this childish crap. Grow up already. Okay. If it was something that we cared about, maybe we might care. But in case of Castro Nova, Mr. I have no material. I lied through my teeth consistently. And I was desperate to get on QAM quite frankly. Who cares? Other than that guy. WKOM. Hello. Yes, sir. I would like to put all the sports nerds in a wood jipper. I can't stand them. Yeah. And you know what I'll see. I'll see you in fire girl. Okay. Good call. WKOM. Hello. QOM. What if I have to build Smith? WKOM. Hello. He said right next to you. I take a look. Oh, I'm sorry. QOM. Hello. Yes, sir. Has anybody put work on your phone? She's not on the air. Oh, okay. It's a good thing. You used to be your station. You used to be a lot there's not a drive. No, you'd be yes. I would be. Well, you know, do you ever told me the robot? How used to fish behind you and our stories in one day? No. And you were never told me the robot? I did be George Zos. Wayne Chandler told me the robot. Oh, that was Wayne Chandler's. I remember that. That's before my time here. Yeah, I used to fish behind you. I was in jail. I was in jail. Well, that's pretty interesting. Somebody QOM line 9. Hello. Do it now, George. It's my turn to win the office pool. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm that's how I guess I wanted to pay a compliment. It was refreshing to hear your type of radio show because in Vegas, all you do is get sports shows on every bank channel. So I was calling too out. Well, this is the call before that sounded like Bob looking at how I'm up on you. Well, I'm glad I'm because your voices are streaming annoying. I mean, who talks like that? Maybe that sounded like Toby the robot. That's who it sounded like. If I don't wait, I'd say he'll bring your arm back pretty strong. Tell me. That was good. I'm from Las Vegas. It sounds to me like maybe that is sticky. I saw some of those spa machines who can grind it up a little bit. Or maybe in the wood chipper would do this sports nerds. I like that idea, though. That's a really good idea. All these sports are calling and of course there's Carl and you know, and there is a wand from the La Venda same, you know, thing that we got. We got our own nerds, but the sports nerds are even more desperate because I have no right. Right. WQAM, hello. Hey, don't want to have to say traffic today. Thank you, Fanny. Hey, I thought you were kidding about that. Can't remember you, but actually listen to it. She really does sound like a strange thing. It's a strange thing. I'm trying to remember. What time is it? I'm doing this, Riana. Erica. I'm going to be joking. All right. And Tanya is going to be jogging. He's going to be a monster. He's going to drop a load all over your radio dial. 26 pass no. Not to the one thing for a little bit of a boy. He sure could make a big deposit. I'll go and say about the watch over your floor. Huh? They should pack it away. Oh, yeah. Let's see. Sean Hannity, 78, you got 72. I'm keeping an eye on that race there because it's really, we're watching the Elite aboard. And that is already at risk. The true rate of adverse psychiatric effects among steroid users is unknown. One controlled study of 160 athletes reported that 11% were diagnosed with major depression and that the psychiatric effects was. This guy sounds like he's losing. He's not one of the parents. He's a associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan Medical School. He sounds like a win. 9% to 77. When he's not like he's going to lose it, you're fair. So that's good. 26 pass no. In a QA. Even after all this time, there's still some of you out there. A little bit nervous about buying your bed on a phone. Rest it ease. Okay. Believe me. Because when you call 1-800 mattress dilemma, if you show a fine after, they've got the most liberal exchange policy. So there's no risk. Even if dialometres, liberals, not a dirty word. Did you know that 1-800 mattresses got more repeat customers than anybody else in the world? So once you try, you'll never go back to a showroom again and get ripped off. You'll get no nonsense. No run around. No showrooms. And again, it's just factory direct prices on the best brands. You know, trust and love. When you call 1-800 mattresses, you'll be calling recovery right number 1 in customer satisfaction. A dollar mattress, they carry silly, certa, Simmons, King Cruel, it's ever been to even Stearns and Ben NSFaster 2. And now, dollar mattress offers you no payments or interest until 2,000-6 till next year. So call them today and get yourself the best deal going in the world. 1-800 mattress. Yours truly, Mo, George Miguel, thank for your lots of folks at QA. Why's enough to know that these are the folks you want to get your mattress from? How am I right now? 1-800 mattress or new you're shopping online if you'd like at mattress.com for the best leave you've had in years and years. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Your things and new Rogers, originally, the price of the QA-M. Alright, this is G Gordon-Lity and they don't come anywhere else than new Rogers. Hello, Jenny. I just left the 18 pounds just 75 to go. Cause you can't leave. As you know, it's me and you call I need. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Better put that better chain down. And if we're going to keep me in for a tiny help. Oh, trust me, yeah, I'll give it to you. It's no Michael. When am I getting my dessert? Do it gently, cray, cause you'll be in love. I like you can see myself pleasant when you're warm. But the best. You're still breathing only my strength. I'm going to stay on sexy in your trip on that big ocean. I'm just not exactly not a hoopsicker. It's one thing. Stacked in a minute. I still have to do it. And have a instant be show. Your heart's beating dark. I can't control that and die. And all that rock who keep don't go. Cause they go, quirky don't. This is making fun. And you'll love who the snow does. You'll love your snow. But if you're going to be cold, you'll fall. You'll fall. You'll fall. You'll fall. You'll fall. You'll fall. You'll fall. You gotta see that spot. Especially when she says, she's squealing as if this is like a baby on orgasmic experience. It's nausea. I feel very blessed that I keep missing it. Anyway, here's the schedule. And she'll just go to vote on our pool finally. We got 900. We're going to get a thousand before we want to clock. I believe Josh, we put our heads to it. What do you think? 924. We got a half an hour. Absolutely. Well, you sure are off your feet today. That jury duty must like just take in the star chart. You're right. Oh, it definitely did. Did it really? Yeah. By the way, Josh, Curtis would love to survive. In fact, he'd like to be a professional juror. At least once and twice a week is what I heard. Love that they feed you. Did they feed you there? Oh, you kidding me? What does that mean? What are rip off? They don't feed you. They don't feed you like a salami sandwich or something. You think they feed the jurors? No. I don't know. Well, I'm sure they must feed the jurors like in a trower. The jury is, you know, sequester. Exactly. They're in sequester. No. You can go eat in their cafe in the courthouse. In their cafe. That's right. But it's real fine queuesy into. Here's the schedule for today from Clarice Dero. Okay, who's scribbling that. It looks like that of a beaten child. You know, I'm saying like a, he just kind of throwing in the towel. Why? Why are you going to do what he does the dolphin games, you know? Today's schedule two to four. We got more Howard David. We're so scared because more wants to win out. I don't want him towards in his mouth. But I mean, that article in the Palm Beach. Maybe he didn't talk about yesterday. Did he? Do we know? How would we do? I don't. Josh listens religiously. Not to move. No. Well, what does that mean? That's like a shot. A little bit when he let his hair down. Anyway, I'm sure you'll be hearing something about that. He let it out. How? Mo two to four and Curtis for to sell. How come we didn't put Curtis Stevenson on it? I don't know, but he wouldn't like, I mean, anybody would vote. They don't like Curtis Stevenson. Come on. Suscoer this is at the moment still kind of like to fill in. You know what I mean? He's just to fill in, right? The good news for you is that, looks like Sean Hannity may be pulling away. Giving a little breathing space. Not by much though. No. And we still have not had one person that calls in here yet. They give us one legitimate reason. They just like to dump on you. Okay? Because you're helpless and, you know, a little guy, because you're about two feet tall. So, this is what I dump on your ass. They got nothing legitimate. No, no. No. You know, just like Maddie Bell, same thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Well, that's in that case. It's just one little guy going after the other ones. See, that that I can understand. Birds of a feather, he'd each other like poison. That's not exactly like, smell like. Yeah, right. WCWM, hello. Yes sir. I have an idea for a test. And I voted for a recipe the way. Yeah, I'm like, how unusual. Out of all the local television, PP anchors on all the local channels. Yes sir. Why don't we get a test? Three categories, best anchors, best weather, versus best sportscaster. More boring, very boring. First of all, most people don't even know the names of the news ain't ready anymore. We don't have any standout people I can't fish it for a raffle. Redneck anymore. Well, it was John Hamburg. So what's the point? That is so boring. Yeah, and fish it stood out all right. No, sir. We don't have anybody of any significance. They're here today going tomorrow. And poor weatherman Roland's sted him. What have we got it to do? You've got to be kidding me. We're like breaking down any emotional role in sted him. I mean, he, there's about as much significant. Even Miss Kamal left a bigger mark, a bigger stain on South Florida. A big bloody stain. But I mean, Roland's sted him. Cracker, please. Get serious. WDQAN, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What about me? What about what? Me, though, me, Valerte. What is that? Sorry, I missed it. WDQAN, hello. Hey, it's morning. Neil, how are you doing? Okay, good evening. How you know, when I first started listening to you several years ago, when George would come on and replace you, I hated it just because he wasn't you. Right. But once I get over the fact that you weren't coming back no matter what, I started listening to George and I got to like what he was doing. So I give a thumbs up to George. Given that thumbs up for a client out loud, you've got this bleeding for a client out loud, the test will open. What'd he say? I'm never going to listen to a lot of things today. Yeah, that would be helpful for you to listen. That would be good because because the level of somebody's call is going, oh, yeah, right. I think so. You know, I'm not that I'm suffering from mercies. He's having certain pop and pills yet. But after Monday morning's performance, fire middle-level management people, it's a miracle I haven't. I just absolutely refuse. I have said to myself, I've looked in the mirror and I said, self, I will not put up with these crazy people anymore. I just, I refuse. I absolutely will not. You know, this business is coming into morning and patting us on ahead. You need anything of it. We don't need any assistance. Okay, they show us just fine. Without any middle-level intermediate, uh, suck-alongs coming in and sucking up to us. Okay. If this is anybody, if this show other than the people who work on it, which is this real buzz and book of Brian, this show is anybody's reason for existence on a payroll of this radio station, other than the four of us, that I was suggested they search other employment. Catch my drift. You drifted? I'm drifting right now. Me and the drifters. Oh, if I'd wear the drifters on there? Better check. All the drifters. How could the drifters not be on the rock of the world? They're all in there. They're 88. They were in there. Better, bro. Thank God for that. All right, just run out right up on the roof. Think about jumping. Somebody QAM, hello. Yes, now. What about the cows and brothers? They came Brian Craig. Oh yeah, what about the not the proud prototype Brian Craig and Norm Still says he was bad and bad? WDQAM, hello. Please, the extreme fortitation. This is extreme sports. You got him, and now you're talking. All right. Forget about this. But that's to end regular sports. We're going to go extreme sports. Yeah. Oh, right. Here you go. There you go. Lift. I was wondering if the George could tell us one of the one of it for a really critshot story. What stories? Don't even. That was a good play call of the week when I was on. What? It's a great call. Meaning one. It's one of your people. I just don't know. One time, and I said Chris Rock instead of, what did I mean? Kid Rock. Kid Rock. See, not a little bit. Okay. See, all you got to do is speak voice. They'll hold in South Florida. We'll hold against you the rest of your life. Only got to do as far to a bad flavor one time. Oh my god, you got to worst gas. You know, that's not a photo for you. And they're unrelenting unforgiving. They're just bastards. Cool. People. Have we had one woman call each other today? Not one. You see what I'm saying? You can't complain about our female audience because we don't have any. They're busy watching the baseball steroid hearings. I'm sure. The monitoring of athletes during testing. Right. Come any QAM? Yeah, I know. What are you just going to do? It's QAM and all the garbage and go to the satellite. I'm working on it. It's just a government. I mean, what? You're so much better. They're going to do you bad anyway if you go to the chance. I'd like to have an, I'd like to have an already done me bad if they get the chance. They're going to do you bad. Let me tell you the story about Greg Reed enjoys. Let me tell you that one, okay? I mean, you, you, you talk about lying. In fact, there's one of the polls that somebody suggested maybe was our friend Sean. Yeah, who's the biggest liar? And he's got to look. And I, I also haven't used that yet, but I also wrote Greg Reed there at the bottom. Lies are us. That's what this company is all about. They just lie and lie and make stuff up and give you a song of dance and a story and they shake your hand. Oh, yeah, we got a deal. And you're going to get your signing check on Wednesday. And then, of course, they leave them by the tunnel. But about nobody knows what they're talking about. Stuff like this, things that the audience would, you would absolutely need June Allison, okay, with a whole basketball of the pens right next to you. If you even, if you ever even heard some of these stories. And if they want to keep pushing, I'll be more than delighted since we don't have anybody in a media. It's going to be balls in the print media. I mean, you know, I don't think about Tom. He's ballless and he's stupid. Don't call me again, Tom. It's the waste of my time. You're listening to me, you're watching me, Rogers. Exclusively, on five six six six six eight eight eight. Yeah. And I are CBS. Don't miss on very special CSI W. The Mard and Officer of the Simpher. In the rest of the day here, self officer, all the others. What do you say, we find the Marder? I write after we finish these fights. I'm safe, average state, every one's Irish. And on CSI W. And everyone's assessment. Okay, hurl, I mean, we take a poison that is in the victim with your corn. And I like you can't prove anything on Grisel. We're still going to take it down to that Pope for questioning. CSI W. If one can't be our intelligence. It's a fine job. Piction of his murderers. Murderers. We'll be on the court one. Oh, Chris and Ficken. But all of us, I'm watching him. Gobble again. I'm drinking to that. With who's CSI W. Happy Zay Bay. Sam, we didn't choke up a lot of myself. Don't be making no comments about drug and Irish, when you enter problems already. Okay, well, hundreds of sharks say it's just off Delray Beach's Beach can't swimers and surfers out of the ocean for the second straight day. Yesterday during one of the busiest beach going months. How do you like that? Life guards prohibited swimming along the beach to prevent spinner and black tif sharks some five feet long from us taking people for food. Well, I hit when that happens. We don't want to take things away. Why would that be in the stake? We don't want to take things away. So, if you're not on the top of the beach, you're not going to take it away. The sharks come read on Palm Beach County of your in March and April to feast on Sardines, hearing and Chobes and other fish before Mark Rating is far north as Jersey. Say George Burgess directed the Florida program for shark research, at the Florida Museum of Natural History in Gainesville. I want to have George Burgess's Kimbed and Tommy Burgess or Smokey Burgess or Blair Burgess or Burgess. They usually don't bother humans, but of attack swimmers and surfers because they can fused splashing and shiny jewelry for fish. Huh? See that? I don't think we're in no shiny jewelry. You idiot. These sharks are known to jump out of the water while feeding sometimes spinning up to three or four times. These are spinners, spinners sharks. The spinners who are on that damn Mahalo fame. Trigger. See how it all ties in? Oh, man, do I ever hate this? You know, there's this thing that happens. Once a while, I print out the my page on there, you know? And like six blank pages. Oh, yeah. He's cycle. We cycle this. Anyway, what have we got? I had nine fifty one on here. nine fifty three. Are we going to make that thousand by one a clock if Josh Curtis would have been pushing the audience and this is screaming and carrying on like a lunatic. Maybe. How you making out what you were doing this body wash? Well, what's done with it? Yeah, because you're using too much. You're not supposed to use the whole pile for one shower you may need. You've got to put it everywhere, you know? Yeah, I can tell you where to put it. Jesus. God. Listen, we were George and I that we both made the same mistake. But you're just out of control. You're way over the top. If you have a little more. Now, let me know. I'm not a control. The YouTube is the same thing. Yeah, but not not like two showers for a whole bottle. I said like maybe three or both. Yeah, so you're full. Not a year. Now, let me just tell you something about body wash. Okay, something very instructive. And that is, you know, I thought I got that coast body wash. Uh-huh. And then there was a jergan's one, which is a little bit. Like some lilac, a little bit too panzyish for you. But even St. Ives, which George and I love that apricot. I think of you tried that. You would like that. I mean, I saw it in public. I know. I know. Look, the worst thing you can happen is you don't like it. You throw it out. It's not that I was in aisle opening things up smelling them. And I didn't really want to smell like a fruit. You're not going to smell like apricots. Okay, you don't smell. See, can I get a little piece of advice? Please, when you get through Schmerinette stuff on you, you stay under the water and you wash it all off. You don't just then get out and try to towel off. You wash it off. You will not smell like anything except squeaky clean, okay? Okay. Trust me. But anyway, listen, this is very important. The same Ives makes like there's one called mountain blue or something. There's an evenest coast ram, which I thought coast would be pretty good because I like coast soap. But some of them are the consistency is wrong. You know what I mean? You squeeze it out. It isn't like the same as apricot is great because it's like real. I don't know how to describe it. But it's not, but this other stuff, it's like a blob in your hand and it slides off your hand out of the shower floor. It's just, you know what I mean? It sounds like, yeah, I don't know what it is. It's either two thinner or two thicker, not just right or whatever. And a lot of these, I don't really like it all. Like the same Ives makes some other ones. Now, Ives makes a lime, a lime, what the energizing the citrus is. That's great. Especially on your, uh, back to, right? Do you want to have an energetic ass? No, no seriously. Same eyes, I'm going to make some couple of it once, but even, oh, I hate there's nothing like an energetic. Back to me. That's what I've been told. Yeah. Let's see. The radio talk show host, you'd dislike the most. I printed this out and now there's like a whole bunch more hosts because we're trying to get to a thousand by one a clock which I don't think we've ever done since maybe the alien days. Or maybe during the election time. I don't know. Very rare. Right. That's because now we're putting the new pool on the early 1960. I don't know. We got like 10 minutes. Can we do 38 votes in 10 minutes? What do you got? How many got refreshed at baby? A little, a little, a little bit of that same Ives on it. That's 64. 1964. We got 36 in 10 minutes. It's like almost four minutes. Better get one of the folks. Hop on that baby in a poll too. The radio talk show host do dislike the most is from the bottom up. Joe Rose 1. It's cool to one. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Okay. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. What's up? but then now when he's on I think twice about it I love listening to him. Oh, thank you. You do a good job towards. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Have a good day. I made our day okay you're the one of course because guys would have been a good about you because that would be like. You are listening to me and you will be the Roger. It's glucidly on five. You are a fan. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. It's talent who is with Jeff Gettett. The White House press corps is most trusted name in journalism. Tye just got in here with your top core bottom of the hour right wing ground I low down. Christians rejoice. It's wrapped Germany. Fearless leader Boge says it a White House memo written by Andrew Card. That God spoke to him last night about the Rapture. After me, ensuring fearless leader that it won't matter how bad things get. We're all gonna die anyway. He added that after taking a closer look at fat pasty redneck rister morons. He decided to leave their clothes on with the Rapture gloves. And now these words from the front page of my website. Attention Christian Republic of Mess are you looking for a moron? Now you're conveying the Bible and me. Check my website for a fortune availability on JeffGettinnellbooker.com. See P.S.I.A.M. or for less than a fist full of dollars more. I can satisfy most fetishists including reading passages from Bill O'Riley's latest text novel while dressed at the Catholic school girl. If you long to feel closer to God by saying, Oh God that's good. Let Jeff Gettin erect a thief, a lad you are sure. You're fairie. One or two at five sixty, every given those baseball steroid hearings around. Oh, like steroids. Is in fact. How to be pitiful to tell you, allegedly taking a dietary supplement that contains a band substance. So in other words, I could be taking a dietary supplement right now and be taking some control substance. There was no doubt about it. In fact, it's one of the Travis these. Well, we know that most of those policies are under those anyway, right? This story that you somebody faxed in and you faxed it to me quite a while ago. Don't you think we hit that on our website in my full file? Full? What was that? Well, we did over a thousand by one o'clock, Josh. A thousand and fifteen by my count. I told you. Full me what? We're going to be a graphic and a bottle of a body wash. A thousand and fifteen by one o'clock. This could be a record. Let's hear right it down. Making a comeback. Obesity epidemic could share a little sharply reduced life expectancy for Americans. The obesity epidemic will cause life expectancy to directly decrease for the first time in centuries if Americans don't make major changes in their lifestyle and new study as a study asserts. Let's try and know what's your name, Kirstie. And get skinny. We need to be skinny. Hold on, mediums good. Mediums. Now you're seeing this spot. Have any of Josh? I have. She got that. Neck her pool. Now a pancake. Oh, with real butter. She is disgusting. With a purple smoth on a purple. Browl-F sack. If the trend continues, the US life expectancy will level off in the next 10 years and begin a sustained decline that could shape two to five years off the average American's life by 2050. Oh my god. The authors of the study published today in the New England, New England, New England, New England, will have medicine say the danger is growing because people are becoming fat at younger ages. As more Americans can re-excess pounds from that lesson into adulthood, more will suffer the life-short and complications of obesity at earlier ages. They say medical advancements won't be able to make up for greater rates of heart-of-saxe diabetes, cancers in maybe other life-short and complications that are tied to being overweight and inactive. By the way, BB King, he's in there, any? Yeah, he's got a BB's. Uh, better. Uh, better. BB King says that's the one with the diabetes. Medical advancements won't be able to make up for these greater rates of these diseases. It's when higher deaths are occurring at younger ages, you expect to see dramatic declines in life expectancy, said SJ Olschensky, public health professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, and lead author of the study. And that's what could happen here. Our younger generations in jeopardy, they'll be swamped by the negative effects of obesity at younger ages. I'd like that. And there you go. You want to die real fast, start digging out. Yeah, because over to her age, right? Huh? It's at only two to five years? Right? That's worth it, probably. Okay, so, coming out. Okay. Okay. And it's a teeny, you got to see this spot. If, in fact, during this whole week, you're going to be off for a week, just sit there and keep a channel surfing for the, for the, for the purple smotha, you'll know right away what it is. Coz any, that's just right to guarantee it. Okay, we need to be skinny. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, they've arrived in singular right of science. Calls they have been really special, like that corn. WMQAM, hello. I know. Yes, sir. I believe it's a recent talk about the crispy. I don't know. Don't miss it. Yeah, yes. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I think the hell with the baseball stir or something for stir or something for stir or something not soon, like an poultry and a piece. Yeah, nobody cares about that. Yeah, this Congress is sitting there. So, outrage, while the FDA is allowing us to be poisoned every day, exactly right. You got your somewhere on a man. It's dog and pony-shill. Yeah, no wonder the kernel is rotting in hell. Okay, I'm out. Thanks, garlic. Now, he's got a great point. Here's this government that's supposed to protect anybody from everything else in the world. You baseball people and Bud Light. If you don't start enforcing some tougher laws, we're going to impose it. But how about protecting the public from all these poisons and the FDA protecting us for all these damn drugs that they keep putting back at a market? Oh, well, fly off his bed. It's going to kill you. But we got a whole bunch of it all made up now. So we're going to put it back out there and see if you're dumb enough to take it. And so, core and celebrate all these things. I think like that. How are these things? I'm going to say it again. Advertising a prescription drugs and Canada is illegal. It's not allowed. And the US, especially on the news shows, every spot, 99. And if it's not for prescription drugs, for some over-the-counter remedy, some crap. You know, I'm talking about it. Every single spot. So you can go to your doctor. Oh, I want a prescription for that. And I saw on that brokha, I saw on that Brian Williams, right. Well, it's a public kickback. The American, wow, that can never happen in the US. The American public is hooked on drugs. And while I worried about little wacky weed or something, and about steroids with baseball players, and at the same time, old people, especially in everybody else, just water like walk in medicine cabinets. And where's the government holding hearings about that? Your full-me-ballony government. WCWM, hello. Hi, Steve. Yes, man. Hi, it's me, El? Sounds like me. Oh, hi. I just want to know, let you know, that you do have women's fans. I'm a man. I'm a member of a mom's club in the baby. Right. And we are a lot of girls listening to you. I think that women are just too busy a lot of time to call. They have a high person. They want to have a life. They're out there watching your experiment. Do whatever they're doing. That's right. That's right. So keep doing what you do when we're listening. Okay. Thanks. I'm out of my friends and baby. Oh, bye-bye. And don't have a perfect horse. I always say to my staff, please do not comment if you're angry. Because your cognitive abilities are not going to be a sharp. So yes, indeed, if you're very, very angry, your ability to do the right thing. And make proper decisions is going to be markedly markedly in person. How do you like that? That is what whatever she said, man. I say our second edamotion. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Yeah, what's going on about the last caller. He said about it. The government putting a service on a foot. Maybe they got a ticket and just in hollow. WQAM hello. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. You see, the poll is closed. Remember when I told him that I did this whole homework and then this morning I had a couple more. And that was the end of their participation in this show. That was the end of them. Oh, what do we do now? Just make Jack asses out of yourself. Good job though, by the way. Excellent. Good work. We did a thousand and 15 votes by one o'clock. They're busy on our website. Maybe we'll post them also. Checking out that picture that's being a baseball. That's, that's, there's been an investigation in that. It's one thing for players to be buddy, buddy, pretty tight. But that there's something really rotten in Denmark there. You know, talk about checking out their goods. Maybe he would maybe checking for steroids. Maybe that's where they hide them. That's where they called in that I guess. Yeah, maybe they're checking for Roy's. 1044 is that ever we got on there. The radio talk host you dislike the most Russian on ball. 448 votes. Oh, man. Holy, man. They hate them. Even if one's who are listening to them right now. Sean Hannity 92. George Rodriguez 83 got a little bit of a leeway in there. But I don't know. The verdict is too loud. More Howard David in 53. You got mobile hands down. Bill O'Reilly, Fiddie, Al Franken 38, Howard Stern 37, Dan Loughbaster 34, Randy Rhodes 27, The Humphrey 26, Michael 725, Todd Schmidt 24, Mr. Egoat, the King Meister 16 with this Contrad controversy and his newfound board again religion, Dr. Lee 14, Phil Hungry in the O'Reages 12 apiece, can't separate us. Glenn Beck 10, O'Jamaque Duffy 10, the juice Meister, The big O'A. Terry Springer's eight, Jeff the Forest 4, Eddie K. 3, as you managed to rate. T. Gordon, Livy's got three, nobody knows who that is. Any more they forget. Ed Schultz has got a pair. Ed's got two. Two fairies. Booch, John B. 1 and Joe Rose 1 out of 144 votes. That is pretty impressive. Even Josh is pretty psyched about that. He's so excited. He's going to go out there in a Walgreens city and by a whole, a case full of all kinds of body wash mixed flavors. Like the guy said, we carefully don't take on the douche or the, well, the scrub is okay. An apricot scrub. Is that what you use? Today is. Yeah. George use the apricot scrub. He's scrubbing it. Everything's good. Good to see you. Let's just go get him, bro. Come in 2 a.m. Hello. 2 a.m. Hello. Hey, happy to meet you. Hi. Happy to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. How are you sir? Yeah. I'm sitting on the couch 9 p.m. I said, okay, let's see if Mr. Peter can get to the same cell as Blake. But no, they give another guy a free off. It's unbelievable. You're not getting ready. Come on. Come on. The guy will free this should be fried men together with Scott Peter. Get in and hear the bitch had a cup of man. You run around, show call up, call up Mr. Misfudge. By the way, I noticed that the right wingers. They're all like, especially Mr. Misfudge hyperventilating on behalf of Michael Jackson. What's that? Oh, yeah. I was going to ask you. I, you're asking me. I don't know. I guess anybody who might, any, any mail, who might be doing something with other mail. I guess Mr. Misfudge is, I mean, every article, every expulatory piece, it's on their own. With the headlights and hysteria, all the other crap. Who are you, kid, and you scream or you, man? Probably not a staff here, one or five, 60 WQA in. You're a fairy. I actually, I'm certain the light that with the, it's not like he's talking to you through a microphone. Do you? You're a robot out. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you're a fairy. I know. Hey, spring is here and right now is a great time to get down Armstrong for the homestead for some great deals on new O. Fives. Right now get your fat S behind the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford and zero percent financing. How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back in 1.9% financing? Check out the O. Fives for the rest of the store right now. Armstrong for the homestead with $2,500 cash back and 1.9% financing. And don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong for the homestead, we'll get to exclusive tires, parts and batteries for live program, plus a free flow to some pests. Nobody else would even dream of doing all of these things. Armstrong Ford is part of our service men and women too. If you're in the military, or if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active, do any of his service, National Guard, Coast Guard, whatever the deal, you'll get a military appreciation discount. David Richardson, the staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget. Armstrong for the homestead is locally owned and operated, though, treats you fantastic because they are determined to make you a customer full life. Armstrong for the homestead, you'll find him at 307.25, South Dixie Highway 20 easy minutes out of the A36. You can check him on the way up on their website, ArmstrongCars.com or give David or Victor a call at 305. 247-51-12. What is that again? 305-247-51-Tia-12. Travel a little bit and save thousands on that great forward at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. You're listening to Neil Rodgers exclusively on spicy food. Family. Don't talk to time, I have been called to come back kids. It's been sort of the only little, not only out of commission for a week or two, I'll be back here on the little big deal. And they said I was in the top five percent of their money to help. I feel fine. Every day that goes by, I feel a little more like Rocky Bowball. I'm just done, just give me the news I got at it. I said, please, beloved, you. You're the one who made it. And days to night. More than a hundred thousand physicians and we're not through. We will try to do more if we shouldn't stop it. More than a quarter of a million physicians is ambitious and achievable, but it's not enough. Oh, it's crazy. It's good for my heart. I don't know what it is. I'm just done. Give me the news I got at it. That's it. It's a lovely you. Don't feel so in your mind. You're the one who made it. That's it. That's it. Well, that's what I'm sorry. One eighteen and five six eleven chairman of a German pepper pines is a vino makes to the body wash as well. It makes him therapy. And they have chocolate cake. Here's a great fast from a Jake, which is obviously a phony name. This will fucking inside the old. But nevertheless, whatever it is, and my favorite is PSI dairy to read this on here because the truth hurts. I'm wounded Jake or whatever your name really is. How many for Matty Bill? Neil, you are by five to worst on radio when it comes to being negative. But thanks for listening anyway, Jake. Neil, I don't have a problem if someone says something on it. See, you know what we think it's made is there's never anything specific. It's always these glittering generalities. So I dear you to facts is backtick, which is one example of what you're talking about. Because I happen to be if it's something I believe it or somebody I like. And you know what I stuff and think about the different people in that radio station. The people on the air, now I'm all in everybody. You've had your problems but even now we're like bonding a little bit. But other than that, that aside. Is there anybody else on here that I don't get along with or I say bad things. So when I drove the Gekkees ability as a sportscaster, we're for that. But again, it personally, we get along fine. He's a good guy. There's a lot of people there on the air. I don't have a problem with any of them. They're all good people. See what I'm saying? Yeah. But anyway, let me read the thing. I don't have a problem if somebody says something on their show about you. They're just an angry person. Co-workers or people working in other stations that never mention your name. You're just negative about them for no reason. So I'm never negative about anything for no reason. Like the slots refer to him. I was very positive about that. Now the people in Dave County said on their ass. They'd let a few old black two Cubans voted down. But I was very positive about that. There was nothing on positive. Like the panthers. That was real positive about that. But then it turned out that community support was scony and make believe. Nobody really cared. No matter what it is that you try to be positive about the community is negative. It is a sour negative community. But if you tell the truth and give it honest opinion, then that makes me negative. Which is fine. You're a very negative and angry person. That says Jake. Well, I'm waiting for your specifics, Jake. I'm waiting for sitting in an aniderio to fix him. I'd like that double Daria. That's a bit of a tear. If I say something negative about anybody, believe me. There's a real good reason for it. I'd like to know one person I've ever said anything negative to me about. For example, Dan LaBasterd, who's a no talent piece of craft. And maybe this is from the other joint. I think so. Maybe that's from over there. It's entirely possible. It's certainly possible because they're desperately trying to like, Oh, we're going to. You know something. It's not even worth the effort. It's like swat in the mosquito off your ass. Let's see what we got so far speaking a negative to a speaking in. But that's why we're getting a big response on this because it's negative. Say, who do you dislike? Who do you like that? Say, the radio talk host and of course when I did the full, I know we'd get that. That's because I'm so negative. The host you dislike the most is Rush Lim all 463. I mean, he just sent him off to the side in the league of his own. Sean had any 93. A little George 84. More Howard Day 55 Bill of Rally 52. Howard's during 40. Alfred 38. Dan LaBasterd 36. Randy Rhodes 28. Hank 27. Michael Savage, Roy 7 and down from there. 567. 0560. Palm 560. On the horizon, Senator Wilde's line. WDQIM. How are you? Oh, how are you, buddy? Okay, Pally. Okay, Pally. Listen, I'm not too saying. We're talking about the music show yesterday. Real quick. Remember you were on the Panic finger? Yeah. You think they sounded a lot like a beatable? Mm-hmm. Palm a Courtney actually produced a group. And one of their hits, if you want it, he wrote that song for the Beatles and ended up testament along to the group. Yeah, I heard that there was on Apple Records, which was the Beatles label. Yeah, I'm all the Beatles and people really actually recorded on Apple also. Right. The studio, you know, whether they were on the studio. The other thing is this on the host, you're talking about the music show. What about David's stuff kind, even though he's dead? Thanks. You're question seriously. Yeah. David's stuff kind has been dead for years, okay? I know. I remember that. But you can't. Well, what, Rayne and what Rayneo show was he on? David, let's go. Okay. You're right. He was a TV show. Yeah. Okay. I mean, the radio tacos you disliked the most present tense, not from the last hundred years ago. How about Alan Berg, okay? How about Alan Berg? How about who's a Joe was Joe Pine? Oh, he was on with a wooden leg. He was on a million years ago on TV. I mean, I don't know. But I'm so negative, damn it. That guy has to make some excellent points and I'm making fun. See, there. There. I mean, we're going to see more facts coming from Jake by the way with some specifics, as opposed to this generalized. But see anybody can do that. The truth hurts. Doesn't it? No, I don't have to hurt it all. I'm not angry about anything. I was angry on Monday because we've got some people there. And believe you mean, when I get angry at the people there, Josh, can tell you George can tell you anybody else in a building can tell you that there's a damn good reason for it. Believe you me. Am I right? Yes. Thank you. I mean, is there even any question about it? No. I mean, you see, this is something I crashed me up at that. Indeed, this is from somebody on the outside. That fact, you people think you know something. Okay? And this is the one show. This is the one show in a market where you have a guy on the ear who will tell you stuff that nobody else will tell you. But I can only tell you a limited amount. But if you've got any idea what goes on in the inner workings of this company and in that radio station, you would right now throw yourself in front of traffic and say, please, just stop the pain. It's beyond your human comprehension. What goes on? The people you tell a lot there who are friends of yours and everything. Yes. I'm sure you get the same reaction. I do. Just believe. Right. They think it's possible. Yeah. Right. Like the business about the contract negotiation. That was a, that was an impossible situation for anyone to believe. And the interesting part of it is after I told about it, Hank went to the same thing. He talked about it. And they put mad dog through the same river and he screamed in how it about the 18 page document. That nobody would have brain bigger than their thumbnail would sign. Not to mention what went on here Monday morning with two out of control, intermediate PD operation manager people who are, you know, about walking basketball cases. I'm not going to share their psychosis. If they want to be crazy people, go right ahead. You're entitled. Leave me out. WQAM. Hello. Hey, me. How are you doing? Pretty good, pal. Oh, so I can listen. Not at all. Revolution. Revolution. Revolution. Yeah. Whatever. Maybe thinking about the people. Anyway, if you go and some of your listeners and people that are complaining about stuff especially management at 2 AM, all they got to do is go and listen to some of these other stations and I did that for a couple days this week. It is so bad. Yeah. So men on the so monochromatic, the same O's, same O. And if you look at the line of the QAMH, you've got some diversity. You've got people that can think. We have diversity and diversity that is correct. Yeah. But mad dog and Hank, I mean, they're not to clone the things other got to. 2 AM have a good lineup. They ought to promote it for what it is and use that to their standing. They really should. Yeah. And you guys are good. And by the way, I like George. I think George does a great job. And I'll screw all those other people that don't like it. The school is exactly right. Have a great day, pal. Thanks for the, uh, the siphon aback. A little slap. You're going to a hard dog. W. W. Q. Hey, happy to see you. Happy to have, pal. Hey, I was wondering in honor of seeing such a thing. If you haven't already played it, could you please play? You can't be Irish if you're... Oh, yay. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I might just think about it. Thank you, pal. Have a great day. Happy coming down to serve an old puns in happy day. You're fair. I'd like to take part of the H.R. Jala, across the USA. Put the grotto, which is this right here. Just try and die who? There's a bunch of squares again this year. Who said that I wish to fuck, God loves the A.R. You wish to bless the first gig. If you are a warm B-markant, a puns in happy day. You can be above a fucking stump, and short, and that's okay. But you can't be any way to forget. Now the order of hate maranians, both eminences, great. Have delivered this pronouncements to puns of less a day. Sure, a little bit of fave and fave, and less of a see. Much of gone straight to hell, but whomever sexuality. Well, cause mostly a wish as long as minimum. Except if that's the lesson, but if it's ours, we've never been short of that. You can be seen in drunk and Ireland chunks, 11 all the way. But check out the A.R. Jala, no, check out the A.R. Jala, you're gay. Thorns even try the B, and A.R. Jala, you're gay. Thanks, and get sure of six with the B-o-routjarrers. Stay for a second, and five sixty W-2-A-M-I-M-E-4-L-R-D-L. Thank you, baby. Baby, I'm charged with the mad welcome. I never fool the hell with kids, and I never let him home. She is a jelly of that autumn bath. The soul triumphs make my life one big day. And never bother where my game ends. Probably why the kids want my time off and get the feeling from that churry up. Stay for a second, and never try to feel. I never gave them one, never gave them one. Got a bad feeling, now that I'm feeling, got a dude from time to time. You're fair. You can't find any green beard today, there's always that Jesus used in the can. Oh, we could die, right? Remember at I-O-D, we used to get those green vagals on same panties. They would have happened to that. I'm sure they're out there somewhere. You think? Right? At 2-A-M? Well, not here. Oh, I didn't hear, but they're out there. Well, I spent. See, that's the difference. I mean, there was just, I don't know, I had the feeling we had a different kind of relationship with the outer world, but there I would be negative again. Yeah. Now, where's the update that follow up from J. There on his specifics? Oh, we didn't get one. Didn't get one? Not one? Not one single solitary one, not a name, not an incident, not an episode, not a one. Right, right there. Huh? I got there. Well, though, I said, that's the way it always is. So, you know, just leaving a bunch of a swill, a bunch of chunks. Suicide, man, Chinese man, lands on elderly woman. A man who jumped off a fourth stray balcony in a parent's suicide, landed on a 72-year-old woman, killing himself and leaving her in hospital with broken bones and other injuries, a news report said today. The man jumped from a balcony on the side of a supermarket in Shanghai midday yesterday, landed on Gao Wu, who suffered a ruptured liver and a broken leg in ribs. The newspaper Shanghai Daily says, the man died on the spot. They fell out of an old woman before reaching the ground. The man carried no ID places still trying to find out his name. Gao Wu was taken a hospital head surgery. So, any of you people who are so excited, you're going to jump maybe from taking too many steroids or you've got to hold a bunch of those pills you're taking because the FDA isn't looking out for you. If you're going to jump from an overpass or from the top of a building, at least look down so you don't hit any penny as bystander. Right, I don't know if I can find it right. Right. Make sure you do some proper timing so that other people don't have to pay for your depression. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I'm still waiting for that follow-up and we don't have any more facts from Lyle, you know? No, well, he said he wasn't going to. Well, I have an average bat. I mean, Lyle of course, when I got out of a, I found out it was an inside job that all of a sudden they stopped real quick. That was the excuse. In fact, if you have any idea, if you ever stop to think about it, I'm sure you have. How much your, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, probably mostly from your buddy Maddie, he's got to do something. Lyle's probably waiting for you to turn on me so he could back to say, uh, uh, see. No, I'd like to lie. Lyle, Lyle was a tremendous, uh, additional to show and that's why some of the other people started all. People came out of the woodwork. He entered from a long time. That was the only negative to it thing. Lyle. WCWAM. Hello. QAM. I started it. WCWAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. This is me. Is this you? Hey, me. How's it going? All right. Good. This is lifted to the list. I get out of here. I got to loop the dup. Let me say, if you ever seen his faxes, what you have because you said in me. See, this is the thing. You people are like, have a nickname, J. Lyon, loop the dup. Uh, you know, go get your own show somewhere. Okay. Loop the dup. He sends more soil. He weighs more fast paper with soil, you know? Bye bye, Luke. What have been Luke helping or something? That would be a different story. But not loop the dup. Maybe the dup of hazard would have been okay. In its time. Come at your QAM. Hello. Hey, you're in America. You got the money. You can get away with murder. You got the money. Here in America. What does that mean? And then Robert Blick, you know? You're picking on for running out of you. You're the money that you can't come in. You can't come in. You can't come in. You can't come in. You can't come in. Go down to candle and kiss O.J. on the lips. Swagger at it. Okay. Had the money, my ass. Can you believe that? They're knocking. That's the second call they we had. Not can poor little Bobby Blake. Is there anybody out there? It doesn't like Robert Blick. Oh, there you go. I think, uh, Brando kid done it. Okay. Christian. Christian. He's a good Christian. Yeah, that's a good. Right. Right. And in fact, he's proud I'm probably really his baby. I think somebody switched the test results with a confations. Wouldn't be some. It would have been something to put from it a three-handed baby, like the one Whitney's going to get worse. Wow. She's pregnant by her half brother, okay. We don't know which half. Oh, here it is. We got it. I'd say it. Hi. For instance your poll. Now for example, yesterday's poll was who belongs in a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame but isn't it? There is that positive about those different group students right there. Yesterday. certainly a negative. For instance, your pulls, why doesn't have to be a hated negative pull? Well, what about yesterday? Why negativity is especially regarding people that your station or competitors? When you're nothing, you're to say about how saying nothing, when there is nothing good to say, how about saying nothing? How about minding your business, take or finding something better to do between ten and two? What do you think? Then say all the hair away, go, there the see this is definitely from fact boy or one of his episons. Then salespeople at your station, they put up with you because of your ratings, but you are hated by them also. They treat all the talent the same way. You get on the ear and rip and rip and rip and rip. Why? Because I got some balls. That's why. And I've heard Hank rip the sales department numerous times and mad dog and mole in the beginning, both of all. Oh, it is sales department. Remember the beginning? Well, the side of him. But he knows what. Yeah, he knows what is all about it. That's why. And guess what? We actually got something done this last time. We actually have some copy and offer to first time in months. We actually have some spots on the ear. That's why? Because if you want to get something done, it's the squeaky. We don't get the grease of the squeaky. Whatever that thing is. Mouse. Oh, yeah. How about calling Josie a pee face? We can't say that. That was not nice. That was mean spirit. That was not called for see. Here we go. Josie has never gotten on the ear and said, I think about you. I just got through telling Alex Josie. But he is a pee face. Your station is so great. QM has grugly who used to do what is this? The station is so great. WM has grugly who used to do the Sunday morning advertising your station. Well, he's the Saturday morning host on another station. Your station can use a lot of improvements on what is that half that was on talking about? This is obviously from the other side. Your station this in your station. And at the same time, you got his boyfriend over there. Me, foe with all the Haitian antigen. And I wouldn't be surprised if he's building that same Saturday morning trade out deal on that station. Am I right about that, Josh? I don't know. I like get some aspiring ports on that and find out if he's still doing that Saturday morning shenanigans he was doing with us with that trivia trade out to all the other crab. See how that? Yeah. So and who would have ever set our station is so great? I said that. I said we got some great people on here. And now who's been negative Jake? How do you like that? Now he's turned around. This is from the 1970s. Not going to work boys. Joel, fine bird. You guys are much of losers. You're going to come after the giant. You know, like the fight in us would not not be shoot him. But like a pee. Okay. And I guess that before I'm not really all that much into what good pee. I'm not really sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I .tx 기ets today. I'm not sure. I have a number one. high. Watching some of the court officials. Will give you one. Give me pull and I'm on. I'm on the Lunch about 10 minutes. Okay. the precipice of the catch by the earthy whole economy is right on the edge. Remember that one ugly day when the South Korean said, hey, these American dollars really suck. Remember that one day? Yep. That was everybody said, uh oh, they're right. No, no kidding. They're right. You have to tell me, sure, I know that you're all sitting there round about 35 and a Canadian dollar by E3 sent. Here's a fact that says, wow, Neil, I was going to say something good about you. You gave me no chance. So it says, look, look, say, why do you keep sending me these? I don't need you to say something. But I might into a people kissing my ass. I don't need that. Your use was Luke. I sit back and joy. It's a free show and enjoy the prices right. Love it. Just inhale it. Uh absorb it and leave me alone. If you're not among the millions of already read the Da Vinci code. Remember the story yesterday. He's a little bit of a follow up. And a Titan cardinal has a plea for you. Don't wait until no buy it. That's as the Catholics want to dictate anybody. Understand? Don't wait until buy it. Ten of a cardinal, Tartissio Bertoni. See you existing. Excuse me, the name again. Who previously was a high-rank in official Divaticans office on Dr. North at Ossetau. See Tull Vatican radio yesterday that the runaway successfully Dan Brown novel is proof of anti-Catholic prejudice. It's not the truth. It's just proof of anti-Catholic prejudice, right? It's not prejudice. It's uh it's good judgment. Oh. Allegacies in the novel that Jesus married Mary Magdalene and have as the sentence have outraged many Christians and amendismists by historians and theologians. The distribution strategy has been absolutely a separate of marketing, even a Catholic bookstores, and I've already complained about the Catholic bookshops, which for profit motives have stacks of this book to Cardinal said. Now, the different essential should be the Vatican. You understand? Oh no. Don't wait it. Don't buy it. And then there's that strategy of persuasion. That one that one isn't an adult Christian. If you don't read this book, thus my appeal is, don't wait it. Don't buy it. Asked about commentary that the book success is only for the proof of the fact that anti-Catholicismistly latest, except of prejudice, the card books claim, it's the truth, right? There's a great anti-Catholic prejudice Bertoni said. I asked myself if a similar book was written full of lies about Buddha, Muhammad, even for example, of an novel came out which manipulated all history of the Holocaust or the Showa. What would have happened? Let's see a show of hands. The Dimension Code was published two years ago. This month is available in 44 languages and guess what? Books tellers expect an album to remain a best seller, well, then to this year. Let's hear it. Read it and buy it. Buy it. Read it. See you list of borrowers. Read it. What if the Vatican says no, then the answer obvious saying answer is, or you bet? Not to say, not to read a censorship in my report. Never had. Of course not. Speaking of religion, some white students have a Southern Jersey Catholic school walked out of classes to the end, protest over a speech by the New Jersey Secretary of State, where Gina Thomas tends to have been building up at Paul's six high school since Thomas has speech. I'm racial justice last week. I'm gagging on it. Paration on his right knee, had the right knee, his scope, he had some contract. So that's good. This is the still I think good one for ever. Many students and faculty members walked out of the speech of Fender. They said that she'd a land-based and one student for not knowing his black history, and that she insinuated that the students were racist. They got a picture of her. She's a little dark. We're gonna. We're gonna. It's like really crazy right now. Teachers are just standing by the doors. Kids are trying to get out. Kids are in the hallway. They won't go to class one female student said. It was chaotic and there nobody went to class first and fourth period. Another student said, several dozen students. This is in Haddon Township, New Jersey. Several dozen students walked out after an assembly to the dance with the principal offered prayer for healing the ripped between students. A lot of people are confused and stuff. I think that's half the problem. There's a lack of communication a student told NBC News. Many of the white students, in fact, the members were offended by what they called an overly confrontational and unprofessional speech by the secretary. Some tells you it was calling an racist and a backlash on some black students fueled the fire. They don't know what it's like to open up your locker and see a KKK letter there. It's not the most comfortable feeling at all. South African American student Kristen Mino. Da ha! Mino said the tension was too much day. Many students said the racial problems began only after the secretary's speech. I think she just started up a much of stuff and basically try to start something as student. Yeah, quickly and so negative where, Janna. There's an actual in every school. It's no more an issue with this school than any other other student counter. Thomas said to the state man, to them, what she said that she's passionate about the topic at diversity and wanted to raise the level of awareness. She said she never meant to be personal or critical of these students or the school. The dicey's have candid said it's listened to views of the students in parents on both sides. It said, I'm a majority of those students in parents were offended by the speech and the dicey's was going to tell the secretary of the state. It felt that tone was inappropriate for a high school setting. I like that. But by the way, you heard it on CNN this morning. Yes, who prays with Michael Jackson every morning? Yes, who has seen how that truly botaeo failed out? The new spiritual advisor is Jesse Jackson. Yeah, that's why. Is there anything that he can't turn into a racial thing? I mean, this guy's bleached so why he's younger than we are. Right? But there's no, you see Jackson. It must be a racial thing. It must be a racial thing. It must be a racial thing. It must be a racial thing. It must be a racial thing. It must be a racial thing. A fact. A red is back. And more popular than ever. God, and you can take that to the bank, man. It's our classic tale of good, cop bad cop. And you and me, we're going to dance brother. Only this time. It's a scene cop. Hey, Rooster, what's the word on the street? But well, you're a mile saying you did a tone? Always that right. Well, let me tell you something, brother. You got to pay the fair if you want to take the right. You know what the hell? That's what the man will tell you what it means, man. It means a higher to really expenses. My piece tied lawyer was going to get me off the hook, man. But, Reddust, back on TV. All day, every day on every table news channel. Dead, dead, man. You got that. And it's don't come back again. Yeah, I said, never 15 little on him as NBC. Can it, Rooster? So, watch for Reddust 24 hours a day. Keep your TV on and keep your eyes on this. That's a name that I do. My friend, you killed him. Show up for a great amount of the heat. I'll whack you too. Yeah, that's really bad. Talk about being negative. These people, uh, we should be having a party for bread and or today. I did have a party and I'm gonna continue to write. I think, and we got time. We should play this whole thing of entesiness today. I hope those somewhere in the hell in the day. It's all my goals. All right? Let us subscribe you. Look, who's in a I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Oh yeah, sure. It was at the Park Sheridan. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. That was quite a just way out. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah. So, the house paradise. But how are they? Still on 5, 16. Double shoot QA. I mean, that's why he had Joe name as on a show yesterday. I heard a little birdie told me 230 he had really Joe on. Joe Willie. Maybe that's what it was. Maybe they're talking about them now on panties. Little birdie told you to tell you to tell you to tell you to tell you to. And it was big enough. He'll be on today in Sonny Borgain because the Marlins game would've heard socks rain out again. And that's again, the real bummer till the summer. So that game has been right. Now, so we got Mo coming up. Curtis Stevenson and four. And then what do we got? Well, yeah, we're through the way. I don't care. President Bush, resty hour of the international community for the second time. There's many weeks here. Today's the nominated administrations. Leaving Neocon Hawke, the guy would really nice haircut. Paul Wolfowitz to be hit with the World Bank. I remember the call we had about that yesterday. I said, well, there you go. Very eight days after he nominated John Bolton, a hotly anti-U.N. State Department of Visual as U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. The President's Choice of World Bank President seemed virtually guaranteed to raise Hackels in diplomatic circles. And among development professionals with lead Mr. Wolfowitz currently deputy secretary defense is unqualified and qualified for the job. The nominations still needs to be ratified by the World Bank's board in participating states. But by tradition, the job is filled at the pleasure of the West alone and a fight appears on likely, but he must of course say, want us to bomb him in the story. Right. Right. That's what it works. Okay. Let's take a look at this poll as we leave today. This really negative hostile poll. The radio talk show host you dislike the most is Rush Limba. 497 votes out of 1167 Rush in a league of his own. Top a couple more sweetheart. That's a big fat lion phony you. Sean Hannity 101, poor little George 92. You can't catch Sean though. I yet. No, how are you? David it only 61. Moist moving up in a world. Bill O'Reilly 57. Howard Stern 42. Dan LeBastard 40. Al Franken 39. Hankelberg 31. Michael Savage 31. Randy Rhodes the Goddess 29. Todd Dishman, Mike's to 28. Steve Kain 17. Neil Roger 16. I'm moving up on the Mr. Eagle. Guilty 14. Glenn Beck 13. Phil Henry 13. O'Gimma, definitely the juice myster 12. Wanna show he's got the big o8. Jerry Springer 84. 46. Gordon Litty 4. Eddie K. 3. Jimmated 3. Ed Shulz has got a pair. You never know if you hear him. But he's got a pair. Boosh Tommy only one and Joe Rhodes. A little dog has got solamente uno. I want to think a lot tomorrow man. Well, that's right George is on vacation. Have a wonderful time. Thank you. Stay away from the house as much as possible. And tomorrow, of course, the fact that you're not here. I'll make it a lot easier. We're going to be a lot more positive. Bye bye. Bye bye.