Thank you, Team Anne for Governor, but couldn't win an election that even Bush could fix. So what's Janet Reno doing now? Well, come through the Janet Reno coupsball hard-pained. It's much more than just a pass-parrant and dusty old machines in the back of the ballroom. These are Spain-of-the-art regulations such as Police Ball, dating table, both a most serious of the coupsball fans who own their skills. It's a try-out for the phone call Super Bowl where you can challenge current champions RBI for the Michael J. Fog. The police are looking for the police. The police have just relaxed in our dining area with nourishment provided by shaky pizza and steak and steak and steak. Top your meal off with a free-neighed shake of pudding. The poor children will be abused by the broken animatron puppet of John Schuelah. I love them so they love me. Let's have more brave steps for me. Let's have more free-served content, police. You just can't have enough. Black men are the perfect store-in-boat where I can stand perfectly still. For a try or a lock at my shaken-back cup off and paid mixing competition, you can see this old bell is being teet and busy. The renal fools that are arcade. Per reservations call now. 1-800-Dick Bandite. That's 1-800-Dick Bandite. 1042, how's your bandite doing? Still thanks to him. So this works out pretty well for us, right? Perfectly. A lot of stuff going on, man. We don't know what most of it is. But there's a lot of stuff going on. What do we do? We do both of these brief breaks here, like we'll smash them together. Yeah. Sure. Well, I know. We'll do a four-minute job at the 1056. Anybody that's keeping track out there likes to write this stuff down, has a diary of the show, those are the real heavy-duty groupies. They keep like, actually there are people who do that. I don't think of this show, but like Stern show, if you ever see that website, there's a lot of guys that keeps track like minute by minute. He writes in detail everything that was said. They talked about it. And we're talking about it. It's just amazing. Well, we probably have a couple of things. Anyway, 1056, we got a strong break coming up. Anyway, here's the deal from yesterday. We had 19, 138 votes. Can you believe that? Uh, have to. It's there. If anybody was out of town yesterday, I'm sure there's still probably people coming back from the holidays, right? Stretching out a little bit when in doubt they like to stretch it out. And they're not aware of the news that Howard Stern show on QM this morning was a stir delay on this radio station. And let me again make it very clear. I had nothing to do with that. I just want to know, I have to keep saying that because people are going to say, oh, no, that's because he was pissed off that he wasn't starting to attend. We weren't really static about that, but it has nothing to do with that. Right. It's a corporate decision that was made. Obviously, I'm not a winner was made, but it was made. Totally separate and above anybody else, including yours truly. But you think whatever you want to believe, because that's what they do anyway, because they're the experts. We know nothing they're the experts. So tomorrow in Friday, our students last two days on this station. Careful. On this station, 1900 plus votes that we asked yesterday, what's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on QM? That's what's going to happen on Monday. Hank will be on 7 to 10, 10 saying, stop it. Offer three hours. We don't know what's going to be on before seven. It definitely will not be. Please, please set a clause to me if you're still hanging around that. There's not going to be sporting news radio in morning drive. I mean, you know, overnight two to five in a morning, that's fine. There's nobody awake at that hour. It's perfect for that. But I can't deal with it. It's going to be. No, why do you say that? Because I haven't heard anything to the contrary. Well, you have you heard anything about two to four, which we're going to decide that on our show today on the full. No, it's only Wednesday. What's the big rush? Right. I'm sure it's already over. We haven't after seven years of this stuff. You learned that things don't, we don't plan these things way in advance. It's more fun this way. It's kind of like when we first went on the air, December 30, it seven years ago. Remember that? I do. And we're still putting the studio to get that makes it studio down on the second floor. We're putting it together just before we went on the air. That was part of the adventure of the whole thing. Anybody can like be prepared and plan ahead. You know, I'll have all their ducks in a row, whatever this saying is. But not here at Q&A. We like to like have adventure. Will this, you know, and then of course everybody disappears. Everybody vanishes and you hold your breath. Is this going to fly and they just continue looking out. 1900 plus votes, what's your tank at Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stewart on Q&A which starts next Monday, January 10. I'm thrilled. Neil will be back to 10 to two. 628 people voted that. 32 almost a third of the audience. You're a third. Almost a third of the audience voted for that. I don't care. Don't listen before Neil anyway. 365 more said that. I'm pissed, but I'll still listen to Neil 278. See, that was better. Yesterday, yesterday, sounded of seam, whatever that noise was. I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank's, I've scorched a fair in 231. Hank blows and I won't listen 159. I'll still listen to Sturton on the buzz for those who can listen. I've said like from central Broward up through Palm Beach County near the buzz just on an FM, whatever that station is. P.B. Z. The buzz. 154 said that. And I'm pissed off. I'm through with Q AM 123. Only 6.3%. Thank the Lord. Thank Bill God. That came in last place. We're not happy that you know, have anybody depart. We can't stop you. We can't sit there and keep your hand on it in the dial too. So if you're, I remember those first days. Remember when we were talking about the attended to situation. And we had a couple of the Sturton people called, well, we really like your show a lot and a Sturton fan. But if you, if they cut them off at 10, we would really, really pissed off and never listen to you again. I don't understand that at all. But, you know, to weeks itself, right? Right. I don't know. We had anybody saying, well, because you're not starting at 10, we're never going to listen to that. I just, I don't understand certain mentalities, but never left. So that's where that is. I'm not going to do it all over again at 11 o'clock. I think we're like kind of potty training audience now. But they better be standing by and other attorneys and is waning days on this station. Check them back. Now, get this check back with us like they used to say and WSU and like Tom Velvita used to say. Oh, those were the days. We weren't playing those were really the days. I was a geek. Yeah. Good old Tom Velvita. He was pretty good guy. And nothing about the business. That's why he worked for Cox Barcans. He didn't have to. He followed orders really well. Did he really? Yes, he did. And then, of course, there was Kurt. And Susie's short skirts. Anyway, our B-d-d-curt in a speaking of short skirts. What do I say, boy? Thank you. Torrey Wilson. Never heard a Torrey Wilson because I don't care about the WWE and because I'm one of those. Yeah, thanks. But anyway, they grow a lot of things on the farms of Boise, Idaho, it says potatoes, corn. I wonder if that's a reference to Defoe. And wheat among them. But all the things that come from Boise farms have all of them. Torrey Wilson may be the most appetizing it says. This is from the WWE website, no less. So we know it's got to be the MS. The Luscious Torrey is one of the blonde bombshells of WWE, a former fitness model who is one numerous championships and is appeared on the cover of countless magazines. What does it, I don't understand where the rest is? I lost the rest of it. What does she was born and nobody cares? Well, she got to Boise State University. She became a nutrition major and quickly learned how to incorporate physical fitness and proper diet into a healthy lifestyle. She looks fairly healthy. In 1998, when she was crowned Miss Galaxy. Torrey broke the English force at a time of business with WWE in 1999 and June 2001, she made her WWE debut or is it WWE? Since then, she's made WWE fans stand and take notice. As the site of Torrey and the bikini is sure to make anyone weak in the knees. In May 2003, again, in March 2004, she was on the cover of Playboy magazine. The latter appearance was a historical spread with fellow SmackDown and Diba Sable, making him the first Diba duo ever to grace the pages of Playboy. She's also not afraid to put on wrestling types and mixed it up in the ring with her unique combination of Enring talents and stunning beauty. Torrey can do whatever she wants in WWE. She's not our baby curtain today. Also, I want to take a little shot here at Kurt Warner, who makes me sick to my stomach. They had on this week on Wheel of Fortune, one of my favorite TV shows. It's about the only network show I watched for, hopefully, beside Dan Radar, somebody's got to watch him. Kurt Warner, that was one of the guest players, you know? In the middle of the show, I don't know where the hell this came from. There was a promo with his voice in it. It was like for the Christian Fellowship, some love it. Faith in Jesus can save your ass and I thought to myself, would you ever stop? Why don't you bastards cut the crap? Jesus Christ, the fellowship of Jesus Christ is man-born. How does that belong in the middle of Wheel of Fortune? Where did that come from? Even Vanu was like spinning like a drill, she couldn't believe it. That's definitely him. Have you seen his wife because she's worse? Oh, is she? Oh, she's probably even going to be a bigger beard. But the only show, you know, in the front row, given the, you know, and then when they talk to her, she does the whole Jesus thing too. Like, I don't know why they're talking to her, you know, for that one good year, Kurt Warner had. But yeah, the one big year, that one who's a flash in a pan, man, I guess then Jesus kind of got onto other business. Pretty much. Yeah, and he just kind of abandoned people like Reggie White and Kurt Warner, although Reggie, he abandoned big time. Just kind of like dropped him like a, like a bad penny. Oh, speaking of football, I mean, there's nothing to talk about to game last night, like I told you, SC all the way, man, blow out, total mismatch. That's why that's why the whole thing with a college football rating is not easily juvenile overgrown children. It just amuses me because they don't play similar schedules. I mean, you know, the NFL, even if they're got a weak schedule, there's still playing NFL teams all year, but in the NCAA, they play like, you know, like they hurricanes, like to put on like the school of the blind and vassor, at least two three, the Notre Dame of Spain was for doing that to they play Navy every year, you know, and every now and then lose because they're so bad. Yeah. But so last night, obviously, USC was going to pound the crap out of Oklahoma. I mean, get serious. But Giiles tells me there was an OJ setting in a stands last night by him. There wasn't OJ said, oh, wasn't in the stands is actually when I was walking on my seat. And a guy yelled, he's got a knife and he stopped signing his autographs and everything was just a scram real quick. Oh, that is beautiful. But the part of the night by far was the entire stadium boot actually since. Oh, it was. Oh, it was the phenomenal. Like the whole thing that was he doing was she singing the National Anthem or something? No, she had, there was like a half time show with all I did see that. I saw two seconds. I saw it was her and I immediately changed the channel. I went to the racing network or something. But I mean, I'm talking to him now. I'm starting to know, but he clapped and had the all everybody's food. It was good. Yeah, good. You can't complain about her talent because she doesn't have any. Although she doesn't have a famous sister who also doesn't have much talent except that she's done in the, at least looks good. Anyway, she looks good. Yeah, she actually sims in. She can't see. She doesn't look good. Right. She has no talent. She's done her dinner in a rock. And other than that, what can you say? So, Coach, to show you it's good to have good relatives. Good connections. Let's see. Now, here's the pool for today. Can I switch to pool? I don't want to do it twice. You can't hear it yesterday. That would've twice. Well, we're, and don't think that this one is frivolous. All right. The one yesterday was like kind of anti-climactic. Even though we had a humongous response. But this may actually have some pulse and weight because these people haven't got a freaking clue what they're going to do. You know, they just, it's all over the place. Thanks to the Harold and the Sun's Sentinel and Radio Inc. And FMQB and Radio and Records. Especially, Radio and Records. They actually wrote kind of like positive nice stuff about me. What do they say? Like radio legend. Can you believe that? Yeah, your legendary. It says the legendary South Florida Tom. Well, good to that. Anyway, here's the pool. Who should do two to four PM on WQAM? Now, we may have left some names off of here. Jeff de Forest. Curtis Stevenson. The big, because he's rock solid. Mohalard David and then Dodo Dodo Dodo. Geldy. Kimba Boe camper. And then we also added on, which I guess you'll have to take these in. Josh. I haven't, I haven't clicked the thing yet. There we go. I just switched. The Crow. Which I mean, you know, for Calacri. He doesn't belong on here even to say hello, but it would be kind of amusing. I took seven. Oh, eight, five, 60. He is. He is. He's a mom, prop, prop problems. And then, of course, how could we possibly forget? And we added them on there right away. Cover for that problem. So there's the list we got so far. I'm not putting Rick and Sus on there because it doesn't make any sense. There's no chance. We only want names on there that these people might possibly consider. People who are in the running options, which they would have to be sports nerd people. Because obviously now they want to go back and be sanctity. Sports nerdism because eventually too far out of that realm, they get themselves in a little hot water. You know what I'm saying? They just, they dabble a little bit outside the realm of sports nerd talk. And it just creates a few, too many problems. I don't want to get like too specific. But just, did this create it some kind of thing? Please don't pay the effort. Construination. So that's our poll for today, okay? Let's do the break. We'll come back and we'll say it all over again for the people just tuning in at 11. Don't forget next Monday we start 10 to 2 every day. I know that's revolutionary to actually come out at the same time every day. But we go back to something we've been doing for like about 20 years now. It seems that that's 10 to 2. Starting at the exact same time every day. What a concept. That sounds almost like on a real radio station. They're like a schedule. But everybody's happy now. I guess I guess to hump a ride. I heard a couple of minutes in here yesterday was talking about getting up at 5.30 in a morning. Whatever I'll see what's talking about. Don't do it, Hank. Don't do it anymore suspensions, please. Although now that Scouran is gone, it eliminates one of the reasons for Hank and suspended. He's already done his Jeffrey de laurias suspension. So that one I don't think will be happening again. And of course if we lose the dolphins to ESPN to sports or whatever that thing is, then he doesn't have to worry about that because Wayne won't have his finger hovering over us anymore. No, no, no. Although, you know, with the Maddox still involved in the dolphin broadcast, there's still always will be that element there. Right. That elemental us was 1056 and 560 WQAM. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players. Pomp and O park racing in poker is the place to be for great gambling action. You can plunge your guts out to your hearts content. Pomp and O park features free admission and free general parking air every day. Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, like tonight. Friday and Saturday. poker starts at noon today and live racing gets under way tonight at 725 at a PM. Don't forget every Monday night there's a 2 for 25 dollar dinner special at the top of the park where I start every Wednesday night. Like tonight is dollar night at Pomp and O park for draft beers, soda hot dogs and lots more. And best of all and far out of way my personal favorite beside Benton Don branded. The first Monday of every month is free spaghetti dinner night. I'm not sure who I like better. Don branded or merium tollin. Free spaghetti dinner night. The first Monday of every month at Pomp and O park. So while you free loaders out there, all you people love a lot's of pasta. Monday night, I'll be good to do is buy a program and you go in there and just shove it down your post. Pomp and O park is also open every day, 7 days night, so we're for some casting with the best and harness through a bread and a high-eye action from all across North America. If you'd watch and plunge your guts on. Pomp and O park of Blacks South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for that new racing schedule. You can go on a wicked web at www.pomp and O park.com or you can call 9-549-722-2000. 9-549-722-2000. Pomp and O park horsepower, you can plunge on. Don't forget, Pokers starts at noon today post-time tonight's first race. 725-PM. 9-549-722-2000. I mean, O Rogers morning's in the ditch. O-O. More so well-absorbed. Pomp and O park. Pomp and O park. Pomp and O park. This is the Neil Roger's show. Pomp and O park. This is your plane. Poco-Doco-Doco-Doco. Any questions? From Poc and Grisaur Ashleigh Simpson comes this year's most highly-arrated concert album. It's Ashleigh Simpson. Very Lines. Be sure to all her hits as performed on stage. Like, pieces of meat. Pomp and O park. I'm ready. Two days. I'm so lonely to go. Ashleigh Simpson. Fairly line. Ovalescence. This is Joseph Album. That sounds too good to be true. I'm so lonely. This is good as nothing. Ashleigh Simpson. Very Lines. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. Ovalescence. in there in the day of computer I'm thinking what what is going on here at least to it about three times maybe more than that but it's a me using it's right on target she has no talent people the test or like poison able worth the high-paid films since if that's possible it's a lot of one at five sixty w qm happy Wednesday to it i was just taken maybe this is a rationalization you think even though people do like continuity they like you know consistency in broadcast you know what time show start two's on first who's going to be on when the fact that a matter is you got to admit that there's a certain element of excitement and the roses and at least it keeps it from getting from getting stale right though now checking it at least yeah it's going to be just it's like a world-enverber's this radio station just constantly just in a state of flux like I was saying yesterday it's with an l and just just always like everything is up in the air like like the juggera you know the balls are always up in the room and they never come back to anybody's hand three more u.s. troops killed in a rax bigger than that sound you just play three more u.s. soldiers coming back to the bombing and back then I thought we got that uh... well it's still still a little problem earlier the military said after soldier was killed in a similar attack north of the capital and a rain was killed in action the west three soldiers were killed to have his wounded in roadside bombing in northern Baghdad at eleven o'clock yesterday said the military this came after one u.s. soldiers killed not a wounded in a similar road attack in balad north of the capital a rain was all in fact it's getting the point now as i'm reading the story i can't even keep track of it because it says a marine was also killed in action uh... yesterday in al-anbar province west of the capital that's brought to the total which nobody seems to care thirteen hundred and thirty five the number of u.s. military personnel killed in a rax in c.w.s.a invasion in a wreck in march 2003 thirteen thirty five now something we hear very little about because it's very bad p.r. and it's bad for the government and some vericing is held the number of u.s. troops wounded in a rax since the start of the war has surpassed ten thousand eight pentagon said yesterday and it delayed delayed update of its casualty data of the ten thousand two hundred fifty two total wounded the pentagon said fifty three hundred ninety six run able to return to duty and forty eight hundred plus sustain injuries that were led enough for law them to resume their duties the total is normally reported each week but the pentagon had not paid the figures in three-cymbal twenty-second everybody was on vacation on holiday you know we can be bothered with stuff like that right the number of u.s. well we know about thirteen thirty five so the bad news continues in spite of all the all we're fine reports we haven't supposedly twenty five days from day is going to be that election on January thirty man I don't think so now let me get back to this pool because this may be the first time in history they show that we've taken a pool where you folks might actually have some influence I don't know I mean I can't promise that but it just it might make a difference when you think no I wouldn't think well I mean might there's a slim possibility like a one and eighty trillion chance that they might take a look at this and say well the audience seems that if you'll this way although there isn't any clear leader at the moment who should be doing two to four that's the big gap I mean those are going to be very sure to feel because managed is sliding up to four to seven to fill a hang spot who would tank is a slide back to seven to ten in the morning which there it is this kind of like what people do you used to do on a lifeball all the time right shuffle the deck shuffle the deck I used to rip him for that only at least here we've got people at belong on the air whereas in his case he was just taking people that didn't belong on the air like choice Kaufman and Norma Kent and uh people like that and they one guy he did have was a real broadcaster which was great wording he had shoved on the right night when nobody could hear that ten won't signal I think it was personal Craig whatever anyway here's the deal who should do two to four on two women like I would start a same man mad dog has had huge numbers those two hours just about every month every book of the sun is shining can you believe it I believe it the sun is shining for a second day in the row in T.O.I cannot believe that in fact it is a nice toasty minus four that which is about like twenty six of her night that's not too bad huh looks nice to inside looking out right and I got to say it again this just dry heat all brother that's about the only thing other than days when it's really nasty in our too many of those every winter but the thing that live up north you've got to dry heeko and that just dries out your nasal passages I think I deserve tremendous kudos by the way I'll pat myself on the back for dodging and pulled it again another road is uh cold scare I think a hammer piece it must be I think it was being done there for we can get all stressed out with the just horrible the peachy dish of the world that I believe and uh and then come back here the sudden changing climate that's that's a good excuse anyway so far Jeff the florist which are God forbid hey listen if he comes on while whatever we'll promote over here here he is with all that cornball crap uh who knows nothing about sports but he doesn't have a lot about boxing and you remember that any jackman and gump wordsly once we're goalies for the ranges a hundred years ago uh I don't know what his deal is he he talk about a bad penny he's like another one of those people that just doesn't it never goes away you know kind of uh I'm trying to think of somebody I'd like to go a Sam what was his name the guy with no teeth sand guys and who all of some of these old timers that used to be like Mickey Dane you know if it's just always there forever never until they either croaker finally nobody will humor them anymore Jeff the florist 13 Curtis Stevenson 12 he's the sleeper maybe I think that's a good choice Curtis is good why not give a young guy you know that's what's supposedly this station's all about right right is having somebody old uh Jews and some of the other old uh jacks and then also trying to win and bring along some of the young guys who really know sports inside now to got a decent voice they're good on the air they got a little sense of humor and like you make them into a something right nurture settle like rehashing the same old retreads all over again I'm not gonna mention a name's retread let's say keep changing by the second here this one could be big 61 votes 64 17 Curtis Stevenson 16 I still in Curtis Kimbo camp for 11 more Howard David in 10 I have to admit I voted for mole not because I like him but because it's just um I'm not gonna facts this but we should put boog on there no we can't the reason I didn't put boog on there is because he's gonna be doing baseball it's he will only putting people on there who can do this don't you understand mister don't you get it uh boog can't do it in addition to which boog is not a talk show he's a great play by play guy he is horrible doing talk radio he's people on there that what if that's taking it yeah why that are horrible nobody leave they could do it I'm not seeing these people look this is the list all right that's what we got and maybe some of the audiences got some other ideas I don't know but there's no sense of putting like rick and suds on there they're not gonna hire rick and suds there was a the chinaman's chance in purgatory that they're gonna put rick and suds on on this station just isn't gonna happen as much as we like suds and we might even tolerate rick but this isn't gonna happen and there's no sense of putting boog shami or davant boring on there because the busywood marlins face ball a speaker that one held me a find out who's gonna be who's on first and who's carrying what isn't that marlins contract uh up for renewal now hey i'm not sure well what do you mean you're not sure you're part of that whole organization man how about you've had out for you you're there massaging a davant boring's uh ego or whatever you're massaging every game every home game anyway now you better we better find I'm sure that that nobody knows that i think we'll get them because remember the article yesterday we're wane was saying he wanted the dolphins on a station where was the only sports team remember that yeah now that makes no sense to me i don't know what that mean well they're gonna be the showcase well of course after this past season they'll be a showcase all right like in a freak show i like that a lot let me tell you another thing about Kurt Warner which you probably never noticed this before he's got AJ touchy feely syndrome his nose is pointed off although AJ is quoted the west Kurt Warner is nose is pointed to the east it's kind of like alright it's off center it's not in the middle of his face like most people maybe Jesus can fix that for him or maybe that's where Jesus is in the uh far east or the middle east took us possible no he's busy with us to know me that was in always not anyway he was on vacation when i happened because of the seven eight most gifted force 23 Curtis Stevenson twenty i'm very happy to see Curtis doing such a good job and of course these people that are voting they know who these people are there listeners and they've listened and they've heard the people that uh do a good show and the people who can't who's gonna be on with hang do we know do what the producer no nobody has a morning show alone i sure hope they don't think they're gonna put hank in there all by himself for three hours every morning you know as well as i do that when you're morning sure you need a sidekick you have to have somebody on there besides Robert grippy gripper okay for 13 more how are they been in 12 the big o's got seven forget about that you all these got three you won't even hang on war in the crow crow marty nun and josegacke's got the big uh so far like i said if the audience is gonna need an issue of choices let's see now this isn't gonna happen gym this isn't gonna happen it says can we have mo and gildy together again from two to four no no tomorrow together i'm really missing them oh they're not missing each other they he'd each other like poison okay i mean it's what would be a rate between me and mo or hank in mo no chance the chant there's a great chance Emily you're gonna walk in your backyard and about a half an hour find 14 palm trees crowded up each with eighty million dollars in cash in small bills hanging from them okay there is no chance that mo and gildy are gonna be doing anything together much less on the year we'll off the right of no w q a m hello our first call today and there it is silent yeah where are yes you're how you done good um i still trick with some of karen's there and um hey that's a great hope you have a good time okay that's another one enormous runaways w q a m hello mental show that is yeah let's put what's on the ground pose that run on to the world that be a hell of a show i like it or you know what else we could do what we could have like the chronic show yeah just that somebody opening up the phone that's right and just have all the we have Reverend Jones and his boyfriend we could have a norm can's trick that's his call we could have uh uh uh we're a pro sack run yeah we could have them all on the get between to on your team get a bigger number than Jeff to forest you see i i let me just try to explain this to you which i'm sure you're aware of and that is when you're trying to put some i mean i don't care what anybody says well those hours aren't as important as afternoon drive technically that's true well you've got to guide it's been getting like seven eight nine shares in there for the last two three years over a lot of my dogs been doing it you don't want to go from that all of a sudden like one and two shares to embarrassing numbers in there you know that's a silly there are some some people on this list without mentioning in names for not gonna get any big number believe me when i tell you all right that that that's why it's important twelve minutes after eleven and five sixty w q a and we got mad dog at two boy that's three days in a row for the mad dog at half schedule right for him the humpers gonna be in wind and crystal palace in the Bahamas from a four to seven today and tomorrow and what about Friday no in the studio back in the studio and probably loses that's by then hopper from four to seven hurricane hotline it's seven we got the big oh at eight now what what's that all about isn't the beast on a hurricane hotline thing yeah well how come he's not on afterward how come we got the big rock solid oh anyway he's eight to ten which we apologize for an any k ten o clock for a lady k c any k is safe he's in there at night doesn't make any way he does this thing he punches his guts out it gives the odds the over is the under is the ins and he asks and that's it keeps his nose clean minds his own business and he's like safe because he doesn't have to be involved with all these other crazy people that were involved with little all the time two bad I can't be there close and personal with them by the way next time you see Maddie Bella Mahal anybody just step on him resolve yourself to a better night sleep in 2005 by calling our good pyzons at dialometrist and one eight hundred mattress right now nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well being in productivity than a good night sleep and I guarantee I'll bet your madies life on it you can get a good sleep as soon as tonight on a great mattress from dialometrist you make that call right now to one eight hundred mattress if your mattress is more than ten years old or maybe it's noticeably sagging or lumpy or you're falling off the edges time for a brand new great mattress who's from a complete line to the best names in the universe they got them all silly sort of Simmons king cool temper pterians and foster hewitt dialometrist takes and they orders all day long from candlestua pommies to four miles and he's still get that unbeatable deal because they let's you pick the date and two hour delivery window and it's convenient for you when you want that mattress delivered and they show up on time ninety nine point seven percent of the time about as close to perfect as you can get dialometrist one the two thousand four better business via a local torture ward for excellence i've been a satisfied dialometrist customer for years now i wouldn't dream about a mattress any other way need to shoot you if you want to go to your bedding in department stores you're a sucker you get ripped off you're an idiot but if you want to do this smart thing sit there on your fat ass right now pick up the phone and call one eight hundred mattress or log out of the world famous website mattress dot com dialometrist the easiest possible and the guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for years to come one eight hundred matt r a s five inches new couple minutes truth mine The President of the Museum has defeated the Infidem Shintan and the Siddhani-Kamereka, while causing great embarrassment to the government. And inflicting great pain on our enemies during the recent UN inspection scandal. This is why my fellow Raki citizens, I've got my novels. Celebrating most renewingly this weekend. Yes, automatically weapons are to be fired to the end without regard for human safety. As you enter, the Maca and MacDonald bring what remains of your family to be meeting the Ronald Mahamadadol. Do not be forgetting, and do today, I have to be jumping off the hands of the Hanukkah Drak. You are the descendant of the fruit of your world to play in the Kiti bunker. As you choose from a most tempting menu that includes big max with secrets, cuts, and punishment, poems and which you will have to work their thunder with views. Not to be forgetting our famous flies. Yes, my fellow Raki citizens, we have to be celebrating our wondrous leaders of the Museum's victory. All of our disobeyless funds of the UN Nation. And keep this weekend at the MacDonald's! Unfortunately, the big given people are greatly disarrayable things, more significant research and program to be building weapons of mass destruction. 11-19, I thought it was a good segue. We probably would never play that again anyway, right? Right, I hope so. Here's a... That's why I got it out of the way. Here's the fact that this is when a ricken said it's going to be back on the year, on the year, in the year. I think the 12th of Never, is a V. Right? Oh, Mark, it's just happened by Johnny Mantras, the 12th of Never, market on your calendar. I do never land people. They're not going to be back on the year. They're not working together. The sun's as like living off his wife's income. And I have no idea what Rik has to do and it couldn't care less to be honest with it. They're not going to be back on the year. It says, now that Stern is not going to be on WCM, we're going to listen to him. Probably on an FM radio in Palm Beach. Also, nearly you are great at listening to Houston's late. It is a big thing you do a great job when you're on AMF and we're said, I will always look for you, keep it up and say, how to stone George. I stone George. Okay, let's take a few more names. It looks like Depot is going to win this thing, which it's not a star-studded list of choices here. I'm afraid that's accurate. Well, I mean, that's the problem. They keep blowing the place up and it's all right if you've got a real-fuster real stub or winners waiting in the, in the wings. Just like I said yesterday about Stern with his serious stations. Who's he going to put on there? Most of the people in radio who mean anything are already under contract. Who is he going to put on there? And I have a feeling I already know it's going to be something like, Artie is going to have his own show and maybe Robin if he thinks he doesn't pan out. She'll have her own show. It's going to be Howard and friends, you know, all of his appendages. Don't you think? I have no doubt. Who else is he going to put on? Everybody else that's gone any talent is obviously working for somebody. Line 9. It should be good. Q AM. Hello. Hi. How about George and Suts? Like, we'll win or you're probably going to do it. You probably do it if you didn't have it. I'm sure that many velvet vote for it. No. So what do you mean by that? WQAM. Why not? Yeah, I got suggestions for the poll now. Yes sir. I'll have you near to you by the way. I'd like to hear a poll. I just wanted to suggest landmark test. It's for us for all. Interesting. It would be different. Okay. Thanks a lot. Put a lame artisan there. It's kind of cute, right? He qualifies. Yeah. But just new frequent rent program now gives you a choice of awards. Earn free rental days, Calaway, dog products, and other. I swear to you, I have no idea what those last half dozen words were. Products was one of them, but in between here I don't know what he said. I haven't got a freaking clue what he was talking about. Let me more test. It would be different. And sure, so it would be more exciting in controversial and defo. Yeah. I don't like that anymore. I mean, what do you mean by that? Sounds like that now. Does he think of them some therapy? Yeah. Did he realize good? That's good. Maybe a little bit more. I'm telling you, another sleeper. I don't think we need to put him on there because he's going to get any votes. But you know who that is? Right inside our building. Who's good on the air and wants to be on the air. Draw. Oh, yeah. Extraordinary. Troy's a- I hate to say this because every now and then he can be a little bit of a pain in the ass. He quote with us. He's an ex-joc. He's an ex-joc. Not a superstar like our other ex-jocs, but not nevertheless. He was running back for about five minutes. And he's good on the air. He's our titular. He knows what he's talking about. Spots that sound just fun. Yeah. Troy's a good man. But we put him on our trust rat for it. We need to expand this list. We need to get some other names on it. We'll be right away with it. Look at that. 41 votes for Defoe. Curtis Steven said, look at what Curtis has got. I'm turning man. Please to see that. Mohour David is 22. Kimbable, Kimper 14. So a big- Oh. I don't have a jingle. Remember the big 8CKL? How about OE? We do that. You got it? I don't have that in here. I'm sure. Oh. I think you do rock solid. I do? Thunder. The big O. Y'all. Rock solid. Oh, you got that. Oh, well. That's all I got. Sorry. Anyway, Big O's got 13. War in the Croco Marty's got seven. That's already on this. We are guilty's got seven. And poor Joseph Gacky's only got a small pair. Curtis, Gacky. Oh, poor Joseph Gack. The radio and records on website says, Rear Rogers, we have to WQM Miami. The legendary South Florida talk host has aimed to two year extension on his deal that will keep on him on year from 10 to 2 pm daily at the Beesley Broadcasting Sports Outlet to December 2008. Rogers became at Miami's first $1,000 talk host when he signed with WQM 1997. While details of the contract with Central were not released, it reportedly includes a significant six-figure signing bonus in annual salary increases for Rogers. A lot would provisions for him to become syndicated nationally should he wish to do so. And we'll see about that, along with. I still say if serious about someone to carry the show, they could do it. If they're doing it with Oprah and Anthony on XM, and they're on traditional terrestrial. Why did that come from? Who come up with that stupid ass terrestrial radio? Why could we just say a traditional radio, terrestrial radio is opposed to satellite? Yeah. That went to satellite doesn't start under the E-ride. And A and C is going up. That would be a sound to idiots that always come up with this garbage. Now let's see, here's kind of a cute little stirs big and a stirren. Radio inquit hasn't discovered all this other stuff yet. Come on, you guys are so far behind the Times, man. John Maynelly writes in New York Post, the house during has been slept with a $200,000 advertising bill for all the plugs he gave serious satellite radio last year. It's a former family feud because the bill came from Citadel broadcasting CEO Farid Suleman, longtime colleague of Stirns, and Infinity Broadcasting. Keep setting me bills, Stirns said, like I'm going to pay him. Stirn made that statement on his video, show after he ain't even dropped by Citadel and Syracuse and three other cities. This is, of course, me my punishment. He said, Citadel announced last month that instead of running the best of Stirn on its station in Syracuse during the Shocks dox to become a vacation, it aired sound locust at Opian Anthony Stearns Archrivals, who now work for a serious competitor XM. Are you like to use Archrivals? Wow. Now here's the article by Kevin Baxter. Now, like I was saying the other day, the Harold is no tourists for this. One day, you're the sports writer at the Hill, the next day you're writing feature columns about religion. And the day after that, you're writing about actually Simpson and her wardrobe. It's just amazing what a bogus newspaper the Harold is. Even that Jim DeFedee, that fact, the Pugwacker, that Jim DeFedee. Even he was talking about it about a year ago when he started to remember that column about, Oh, well, Harold used to be a great newspaper, but then I don't even know more. Remember that? I do. WM, shuffling, it's line up again. Now this is, you know, kind of repetitions, but it's kind of cute in the fact that, um, well, we'll see. For the second time in four months, sports talk radio station WQM's five, 60 is re-making its on air line up. Dropping shocked y'all, Howard Stern, from morning drive and replacing with evidence, always, Hank Goldberg, hey, scuff, beginning Monday. Early afternoon, personality, Jim manages his expected and moving to Goldberg's old afternoon, drive time slot from 4 to 7 PM. Although station officials declined comment today, Mandate signed off his Monday show by Hittingit Major Changes at the station, then open Tuesday's program saying he was ready to embrace a different audience, different challenges, but Mandate added a deal and deal until it's a deal. Oh, we can relate to that on the show. Wow. Given in writing, like I told you, Hank, Mad Dogg, getting in writing, getting in break, getting in, engraved in, uh, in platinum. And do not, whatever you do, sign all those other provisions that Joyce and the Carol and once you decide over there, though, well, well, we won't say this, and we won't say that if we have lousy ratings, you can fire us up. I mean, it was unbelievable if they put us through, just incredible. Station general, Mangler, Greg Reed, did not return call, Seeking comment, how unusual. And a WQM official declined to confirm the move saying we haven't announced anything yet. But we're doing it the usual way, then dribs and grabs. Don't say a word, then of course it's in the paper the next day. WQM's honor line up a lot ago, further tinkering to fill the whole created by Goldberg's and Mandate's moves, Stern signed out at 6am, for example, in our earlier than Goldberg's show will start leaving the station with an open hour in the morning. And Mandate's is which opens us by for an afternoon host 2 to 4. The station is likely to use to indicate a program in the morning in the interim. Probably will offer tri-outs to want a more host on the staffer day after noon, slot tri-outs on the next day. Like a Steve Nickel deal. Can't wait. Oh, no, that's got to be a joke. That's got to be Kevin Bacter's imagination tri-outs. There is nothing worse in broadcasting. Radio TV, you name it, then tri-outs. Like the amateur hour. Although that is our station. Drop in Stern will allow Neo Rogers the station's most popular personality to start as for our midday show with 10am. Stern's contract permitted to indicate the show to continue well past this scheduled sign-off. Oh, is that what the contract said? Well, how? WQM's assistant drops Stern mark the second time in less than a year that the sub-proclaimed King of all media has been pushed off the airwaves in South Florida, and February WBG, big, dropped Stern as a longtime morning grant personality at about the same time the FCC began to find the program as part of a wide-ranging crackdown in programming-at-demned and decent. Stern returned to local radio on QM in August, but too much later announced he would leave terrestrial radio. See, there it is again. And the FCC is policing for satellite broadcast for serious, when his contract expires at the end of the year. Running away. I think Man cow had a right. He's running away. When you'd say that's a good way to describe it and did running away. Instead of modifying a little bit, being clever enough to go with the flow. Just run away. But that's okay. Good luck to him. He'll need it. 28 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM, 2 bad about default, about being in shallow, Curtis has got a shot, and MOL, I'm ready to support it in your MOL, got to be doing better than that. But, so, looting well in the behind. The animal coast wants to wish everybody happy new year, and they might be proud to announce they can still enjoy lobster fest every Friday through Sunday at the coast. The animal coasts in Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet has rated by a cigarette restaurant review and additional animal coasts all you can eat buffet. Now you can enjoy succulent juicy man lobster served thermator style. Start your mouth watering experience with a choice of six different soups, then sampled dozens and billions of fantastic oriental treats including your fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce. An old favorite of just about everybody's whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce, even if you never heard of it. Also, enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over 30, but third man. Different items. And if you're still high room and we'll coast out of this world as your far-fifthuous term as Sue, ice cream without your favorite toppings, all kinds of great goodies and a brand new, still the art chocolate found new found. Just stand under there and just shrie yourself all over what I've chocolate found do. Don't forget the animal coast also promotes healthy living because they don't use any crap. They use no MSG. No corn starch to cope all other fine cuisine with cholesterol free canola oil to make you a healthy as well. M.O.C.C. is for either in sunrise, any health speed, fembric fine for reservations column at 9.5.4. 5.7. 5.7. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 3. 5. 3. 5. 3. 3. 4. 3. I want to die from the company with new iRack Meat Chunks. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. and less than 15 minutes. Mm-hmm. Tender chunks of flesh, jar brown, superfection, and changing turn, beat rum spell it on, or push-stake retardar. Enter the I-Rat Me Chunk Sweepstakes for your chance to win a tacky, dictator jacket just like the OS leader. I-Rat Me Chunk's. Another fine product from the Bush Meat Grater machine. Number 33, at 5.60WQM, look at the frozen lead and Curtis's seconds. Something is probably gonna be default and Curtis will be like the sidekick. All right, then now make sense? Sure does. I mean Curtis has been like with mad dog and they're from that two to four slot. The only question being who's gonna be with managed for to seven? Curtis. He's gonna do to the seven? Hey, you gotta pay your dues buddy. That's true. That sounds like a possibility, but anyway. No, no matter what we say, they're gonna do something else anyway. That thing about Trials said, that makes the hair on the back of my next stand a big time. Trials, my ass. 5-6-7-0-5-6, he may have there might be a few other names to put on there, I doubt it. We'll see, we'll give it a shot. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. I'm Howard Stern, Laura listener. Yes. In restricting, you know, as far as QA I'm taking them off, I respect QA and I respect them the reason that's from the beginning. They had to go to the cinema and nobody else did. So I respect QA and for that. As far as my running away, he's running away from what he's been doing for 20 years or 30. And wherever he goes, there will follow. And then we'll make money. Yeah. So it doesn't matter. He's not running away from anything. He's been doing the same things for 30 years. So what's he running away from? What he's running away from is a changing standard on the traditional broadcast dial. That's what he's running away from. But they won't wait to stop. I can't wait to and say, well, do you know what? Let me pay the fart sounds. You're certain words on ear anymore. But if you don't know because you know I wish to listen. So if how will we stop modify his radio? But what you're saying to me? What is he saying? What we have. That's what you're, well, my show's not the same either. But we're doing pretty well. But no, come on. This is a, come on. He's serious. Isn't there a way to say this? What you're saying today? What you're saying to me is that this guy can't do anything else. We said the same thing he's been doing. He's a one-trick pony is what you're saying. Exactly. You're like, you are. Because you know, I don't know what you're talking about. Hey, this is the show. It's changed dramatically since last February. I don't know what you're talking about. Because you have no other options. What does it mean? What does that mean? I have no other option. You have to change. You'll be without work. I'm going to be without work. You should look so long. Paltgo stick your head back up. Hards ass. Okay. I'll be without work. I'm here because I choose to be here. Okay. Believe me. I'm not going to be without work for five minutes, loser. And see, he didn't respond to what I said before. How are he? What he's admitting? How are does one thing? And that's all he can do. It's like if you have a beautiful car, you can drive it only 90 miles an hour. And the speed limit, you find out that there are a lot of roads with a speed limit only 45 or 50. Well, you're not going to drive it anymore because you can only go 90. It's like stuck when you get in the car, it automatically will computer goes to 90. Doesn't make any sense to me. You have to be a little more creative than that. You have to be able to modify what you do. You have to be mature enough instead of being like a spoiled overgrown child. You have to be mature enough to say, okay, well, the guidelines have changed, but somehow we can trouble our way along and continue doing what we're doing. See, that's another one. I have no problem. Howard Stern has accomplished tremendous things in broadcasting. But he's long before it was Howard Stern on the year. There were lots of other great broadcasters and long after they stick his ass in a box in the ground somewhere. There could be a lot of other great broadcasters or two, not as many though because of the changing nature of the business. Unfortunately, which it really doesn't have so much to do with the FCC. It has to do with the fact that 10 companies own every radio station in America. So there's no more creativity. Stations are willing to take a chance that we cycle a same old crap, which is probably what we're going to do by sticking defaul on there. But nevertheless, I hope you and Howard have a great life together and come on up here to Ontario. Maybe get married this weekend. 560, 560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. How many QAM? Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. You know, back when Black before Howard came on when you were supposed to say anything. Did you obviously think this was going to work out? In the very beginning, yeah, in the beginning. But that was before we, what, what, what, what, what? That was before we knew he was going to go to Syria in a band in the ship. And in addition to which, we also weren't aware of the fact that the Rodeseen was going to go on to like 1115 and 10 after 11. And then our audience see that there was no thought given to any of this. And I know that my mind can I answer the question? Sure. We weren't aware of the fact that the audience would be having a fit because they never knew what time this show would start. There was no discussion about that. There was no thought given that when they just went ahead and slapped him on the air. No, I know. But my point was not not saying when he was going to end or anything like that. My point was you think that QAM was going to keep him. Let's just say you didn't go to start. I don't think it would. I think there was this was just a change. Just to make a change. And I just like. And I'm a morning. Absolutely wrong. Totally wrong. I don't think there's no tankers here next year at the same time. I don't think there's any. And I was trying based on our track record. That's probably true. We've had about 50 different morning shows in the last two and a half years. It's ridiculous. And the case can't go away from from his afternoon. He's cranky at four o'clock. Imagine what he can be at. Okay. That's a good point. That'll probably spice the shop a little bit. It'll be matterin' our way of getting up 5 30 tomorrow. Like I said, keep the food away from him. Please. And don't be put in my net how-eyes list. Okay. Too late. He's on here. Let's get the right call. Vanideo. 21 till noon at 5 am 60 WQM. We're here because we got nowhere else to go. Like steps you'll run and we'll do the best we can. We'll find our way along. And like I said, who else is going to be on those channels to his who's going to be on their with him? Char. Now I'm not talking about Hank. I'm talking about Howard. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Wrong Howard. Let's take a look at a poll. Looks pretty grim and this limb. Goes to sure how much influence I have. Who should do two to four on QM? Jeff to four is 59. Let that corn grow high and tall. Barbecue and man. It's good. Rapid and tinfoil. Put in the barbecue. Man. It's done. We're here. Curtis Stevenson 38. Mohour David 29. Kimboblowe, Kimber 21. The big. Oh. 20. God forbid. War in the crow. Cromarties got a dozen. That shows you how desperate we are. Y'all the 11. Joseph Gackie 7. First round for it's got one. I'm sure Troy voted. And Lenny Martinsso far has got. They just don't understand that he's going to come along. Like you were saying. Maybe next year. Maybe next year. Let me can do mornings. 20 till noon at 5. 60 WQA. I'm a time to talk about acceptance capital mortgage and everyone's main man Anthony Kelly. And though. Whether you're buying a new house or refinancing looking to get cash out of his paying down your debt. Acceptance capital mortgage will surely the way to get it done. Acceptance capital specializes in just about any situation that can come along. They'll get it done when others can't. 100% financing option arms, new construction loans, investment commercial properties. Check out acceptance capital stress free mortgage payment program, which lets you pick from four payment coupons based on your particular financial situation for that month. Would they pick a pay program? No one can't fare for occasions even necessary. And your credit score doesn't determine your approval like all of the programs because at acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people. In most cases you can pull out cash, pay off all your debts and still pay less your mortgage payment every month. Call Anthony Kelly and it would accept and capital mortgage today and find out why he's everyone's main man. That's acceptance capital mortgage column today. If you need some cash, toll free, it's one triple eight, four eight three loan. One triple eight four eight three L-O-A-N. You are listening to me or Roger. I'm going to school and send you a R-M-560-F-U-A-N. Roger Scott. Robert, you've been in jail for almost a year. Yeah. How are you doing? Everything's cool. Roger relationship before Bonnie's death. A friendly relationship? Nope. Where you have a violin? Sure. Yes. Barbara. Bonnie never had a chance. And that's nice. The night of her death. The trip to the TELLO's old dark. And so quiet, and right, then, and there, I said I've been waiting for this for a long time. Oh, oh. We did KILL Bonnie. Yeah. And it was nice having that gun. It really was. When 2020 returned. Robert, you are from here. Where have you been this year? There's forensic evidence. I'm from L-O-A-R. Next. I'll leave them all with a bitch. I had a company. I agree with you on that now. She really had a company. She was worried about Christian Warden. I know then. Christian Branden? Brando. Great. Good question. Okay, so Norma can't email me. I saw the thing in a Harold enormous good. Everybody else. So can the people of such nice job got us some publicity, which is more than the station everybody. So nice job. Also, it says released on inside radio radio and records at FMQB. Saw it, been there, done that. When I wasn't busy tricking with baby board Brian, Norma says I got something done. Yeah, you got something that somebody done all right. So you want to think about Norma's tricks. They're all of legal aids. They're all one of ways. They're all cute, but dumb as a dirt. Ellie Brecker said to say hello to you, which is you the best hamburger day, and I ask Norma. And anyway, 560, here's an open letter from Michael Moore to the US Senate. In fact, he says, just one Senator please. Remember the movie? Right. The Senate that embarrassing episode. Yep. In fact, there's another very long article at Senator Webseller, which there's no way I'm going to try to read it. It's way too long. And it's called by Robert Perry. It says on January 6th, will John Kerry report for duty. And the essence is, meaning tomorrow. That's the big day. Tomorrow will Kerry join John Connor's Maxine Waters, other members of the House, in supporting the expected motion for a full scale investigation of election 2004, particularly the widespread allegations of voting fraud in Ohio. Or he full an allegory and just sit there like a statue, which allegory does best anyway. And he does a pretty good job of that too, Kerry. Stay in there like this statue. At any rate, Michael Moore writes, dear members of the US Senate, welcome back to 1009 session of Congress just begun. I'm watching you on C-SPAN right now and you all look so snap-happy and clean-faced. It's like the first day of a school all over again, isn't it? I have a favorite ask of you. Something isn't right with the vote from Ohio. Seems a lot of people didn't get to vote and those who did thousands of theirs weren't counted. Does that seem right to you? I'm just asking. Forget about partisan politics for Mone. Ask yourself if there's a more basic right in democracy than the right of the people to vote and have all their votes counted. Now, I know a lot of you wish there's a little problem with Ohio would just go away. And many of you who wish this are Democrats. You just want to move on. No pun intended. I can't say I blame you. It's rough to lose two elections in a row when the first one you actually won and the second one you should have won. And it seems this time around about 3 million more Americans prefer to continue to war in Iraq and give the rich more tax breaks than those who didn't. No sense of living in denial about that. But something isn't right in Ohio and more than a dozen members of the House of Representatives believe it's worth investigating. So on Thursday tomorrow at 1 p.m., representative John Conner's of the Tribal Rights and Objective of the vote count in Ohio. According to the laws of this land, he'll be allowed to speak unless at least one of you. One member of the US Senate agrees to let him have the floor. If not, he won't be allowed to speak. A very embarrassing moment during the last session of Congress occurred in the first week when none of you would allow members of Congress who were black to have the floor to object to the Florida vote count. Remember that? You thought no one would ever know this didn't you? You certainly locked out that night when the network decided not to show how you shut down every single member of the congressional black caucus. No sense like this year. Everyone now knows about that moment of shame. Thank you. You're welcome. But this Thursday at 1 p.m., you'll have a chance to redeem yourself. Congressmen Conner's and it does not have members of Congress have some serious questions about how Republican Secretary of State and Ohio who also happened to be the state's coach here of Bush's reelection campaign conducted the election on November 2. The list of possible offenses of how voters were denied access to the polls and how over 100,000 of their votes have yet to be counted is worth more than worthy of your consideration. It may not change the outcome, but you have a supreme responsibility to make sure that every vote is counted. Who will most you would disagree with that? If you'd like to read more about the specific charges, I asked you read these two links in the written story. Senator should object to a higher vote by Jesse Jackson and ten preliminary reasons why the Bush vote does not compute. And why Congress must investigate rather than certify the electoral college. I'm asking everyone on my mailing list to send you a letter joining me in this call to view your job and investigate what happened before you certify the vote. It only takes one member of the House, among other the senators stopped the acceptance of the electoral college and forced a legitimate debate and investigation. You know why this provision is set in stone and our nation's laws? I mean, mob would be allowed just two officials in the body of 535 members to throw a wrench into the works. The logs is because there's nothing more sacred than the integrity of the ballot box. And if there's any possibility of fraud or incompetence, then it must be addressed because if we don't have the vote, what are we left with? Come on, Senator. Especially with Democrats. Here is your one shining moment of courage. Would you allow the Gable to come down on our black members of Congress once again, or would you set up for the right to object? We'll all be watching yours, Michael Moore. Who said, is this week we'll be on the at today's show tomorrow morning, J. Leno Friday night, and the people's towards the Sunday night live on CBS and 9pm. Prefer and write 9-11. I think Josh, we need to get that straight. I sent it to you for like tomorrow, but we need to get that on there today on the site. Michael Moore. Okay. Can we handle that? I can handle it. Yeah. The headlines, Michael Moore, just one senator, and open the U.S. And I think Josh can handle it. And the story, too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. There are WQAM where the shuffle never ends, man. And so it's like having the deck of cards and never stops shuffling. Kind of hard to play blackjack when the dealer never stops shuffling, you know? Who should keep shuffling the deck? Who should do speaking about how to hide direct to him? I see we got to spot that on here. And I saw a Todd maybe. You're doing it sweetheart. Who should do two to four on QAM is our full question? 2306 votes. See not the tremendous response we had yesterday. No. There ought to be. But you see that which means they're not that enthused. Like when you have an election and almost nobody should have. They're not that whipped up. These are what you call great choices. We'd all do respect to the people listed on this. This is not these are not some of the great Hall of Fame broadcast nominees. You have to force 73. Curtis Stevenson, who on day might be? We hope 41. Mohour David in 37. He had his chance like a solace. You know? He had his chance. Now he's the 100 one. Everybody wants to take home their own GMO. Kimbo, Kimber 26, the big rock solid. Oh, 21. Warren the Crow rounds with the big O16. Geldies only got a dozen. They hate your Geldies. Joseph Gaki, 8. Lady Martez got one and twice the ratford one. That's all I got. I have nobody else to put on here. I can think of who's available. Who's the belongs on here. And of course some of the 70. That's quite frankly. Don't. W2QAM. Hello. Yes sir. I haven't been rushing into the past couple of days right here. They're taking house to an off on Monday. Where was the reason behind that? That you'd have to ask the beesleys why they're doing that. I think the fact that you're flying the coop to serious has been promoting a lot of that. That's a big part of it. Okay. Well, I'm sorry to bother you. I'll get you. Okay. Thank you. 5.670. I think they're a multitude of reasons. But it's not for me to say. There's another Johnny Matt for a song there for you. The twelfth would never. It's not for me to say. And a call from our good friend Joe Costello last night. We still doing his nice car show for XM. How to watch him DC? Well good. He said now he's single and plenty of time to mingle. He said he's doing just fine. I guess we're not supposed to talk about that on your head. I guess we're. Well, why not? I didn't want it. But you know, that doesn't mean that you care. What? Talk about it. Well, we won't then. All right. I mean, that's, you know, it's a personal thing. We don't want to talk about it. I got to get into the worst. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing Neil? Pretty good, pal. Good. Good. Good. Happy New Year. Yeah. This is a blast from the past. This is a blast. It's an idiot. WQAM. Hello. 2 AM. Spring day in Hague is back. 9 to 5. Whatever happened to Dave Hague and he was surrounded in New York or something. David went to New York. And Dave Hague is pretty good on you. He went to New York. Maybe because maybe Curtis David's similar to New York if they attacked Curtis. That's what I'm doing. If they don't put you on two to four, threat and you're going to go to New York. Even if you don't have a good gun, just next threats. So I'm leaving. I'm going to New York. I'm going to go up there with Dave Hague and Dave was good. Good guy too. That's who was. And he was Jewish, which I didn't know about. Well, I didn't. In fact, you were telling me he was very Jewish. We didn't tell me that. You're right. I never looked. Mead him Jewish. I never looked like a Siumano. WQAM. Hello. Yes, man. Okay. I'm going to say I love Jewish. And I think he took a place how it's done. Yeah. I wanted to say I think for you, I'm not popping. How would I hang up on you? Because it's easier to reach the post. I tried you all day yesterday. Yeah. Maybe you were screening me out. But I like to hear you. Well, what do I see? How can I screen you out? What does that mean? They were doing screenless. How can we, if we're not screening across? How do we screen you out? I'll just let call you all the time. Oh, I'm okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5. Well, no. She wanted me to hang up on her. And she wanted me to do it. But just after she had time to say she wants you on in a morning. And what else did she say? Whatever was it was mighty forgettable. In other words, you're chronic. That's okay. We're desperate for lady callers anyway. So once in a while, actually, that's three for three this week. Let's hear it. We're off to a great start of the new year. Three days. And we've had at least one lady caller in all three shows. That is what. Nice quote. Pretty and big. Well, there have been times in the past year when we've gone weeks. All I know in caller. Sure. I still think the screenless factor is if there are a lot more lifeless guys out there. Plus 25% of the audiences may or anyway. It's a sports stage. No judge on his stand. Listen to this crap. Women don't want to listen to this garbage. This swill is potty mouth, foul mouth, crap that's on a year all the time. Women are like dignified. They don't even fart. Well, except maybe if the supermarket. Oh, the other way. I don't want to go into what, but man. When women cut the cheese, there is nothing quite like it. I just don't know what that's all about. I mean, a guy. I think they do. In fact, I was thinking, never the other day, we were talking about farting in the shower. I was thinking, Farts in a can. You want to make some serious bucks. And I'll be out of the item. They had to have had that. And you take it to the shower with you. And you like, give it a spritz. Yeah, but then it's the little shower. Nice hot and steamy. You get that steam going in there. And you just give it a little spritz here and there. We can make the sound back in the label. We can't do it anymore. Oh, gee, I better go to serious radio. I can't fart make Farts on. See that guy that called before. That to me is such a cop-out. You know, he can't do the same thing he's been doing for 20 years. Well, if you're one trick, Tony, if that's all you can do, fine. You know, he's doing a good job of it. They can make his own. They offered him money. He's going where the money is. He's caching out. There you go. Okay, he's caching out to the owner. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. How are we having a ticker tape parade this week? Yeah. Take a bite of heart. I'm having a ticker. Could he be very wounded if we don't do that? I mean, that to me. Just, yeah, I'm screwing all of you. I'm like stabbing back. I'm promoting your direct competition. And to me, time, how come you're not giving me a big farewell tour? I'm not just lying. Why? Why? WQAM. Hello. QAM. Why not? Why not? Which for some reason, I almost never punch up. Maybe not. We understand the reason. We assume if they weren't there. One last chance. QAM. Going once. Going twice. WQAM. Hello. What is it? It's right. I know it's wrong. Let's speak up. We're going to the state. What time is your show? I'm going to the right. Okay. I sure think it would be more entertaining than default. Well, I know, D.P. I was going to get it. I think that's a done deal. That makes me very sad. We will promote a show. I will say, there's on from 2 to 4. I mean, after promoting mad dog being on there from 2 to 4, we just everybody loves like crazy. And then have it a little cornmice to run. But maybe he'll be good. Maybe he'll be fine. You think? He'll be fine. No. I don't think. There we are. Maybe without Joe and Geldy there without the line. At least, at least somebody knows who he is. Maybe he'll do like five and six years. And there. What do you think? I think he's going to be great. The Jeff de Forest shows show Monday 2 to 4 on QAM. All right. I think Curtis is going to be with Hank in a morning. See, I didn't, I wasn't aware when did they have taken leave? A couple, three months ago at least. See, I'm out of touch. Like Tom Jickis is about to touch with what's going on. So I wasn't aware of that. Between two days and Dave Hagen leaving. You're going to have to fill me in. And of course, a puppy place. I think you ought to go buy the puppy place. Stender look in the window. No, it's depressing. Why is the filter? Those are puppy mill puppies. You're looking at the survivors. You know, something my dogs were puppy mill puppies. I bought a place for a camera rack. That's not that has nothing to do with like like. They were great dogs. They're not in my dogs now. That's a can't start a nest. That's that die. Your dog. Yeah. Great. And he probably had like half the litter died on the in transit. And they were talking about. That's what puppy mills. That's what happens in puppy mills. You know, the ones that make it to the store. They're the lucky puppies. Yeah. They didn't have any lucky puppies. The ones that weren't eaten by other puppies or other dogs. And it's just that brutal. It's $0.57. Eat in my other puppy. That's not part of it. That's beautiful. Three minutes till noon at 5.60. WCM did you earn less than 50 grand last year? Drone? I did. Oh, that's sad. The one we can't afford is on HD set. If you're answer is yes. And it's time for career change. Pick up the phone call. Fast train. Tolefree at 1 866 fast train. Fast train can have you trained ready for a brand new high pain career. And as little as four short months, counting. Practically count the days on your fingers. Fast train offers high demand. What is it? High demand. High take career training. If you like computers never thought of becoming a computer never for a professional. Call fast train today. Tolefree at 1 866 fast train. The demand for computer professionals is in all time high right now. Fast train can have you trained ready for that new career. And just like I said, it is a little as four months. And no matter where you live, they got a convenient location close by you because Fast train got locations in Kimble. Miami, Pemberpies and Fort Lauderdale. Fast train offers job placement and financial aid for those who qualify. They evening weekend classes are forming right now. So what's not to like it? If you want to really change your life and start putting some cash in your pocket. Call fast train toll free today at 1 866 fast train. Your things and me will rot your ass. For those who are all the five six eight eight. And this is your fellow Pies. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back to our many floors and that's why I listen to the new rathers 12 to 1 hour. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Halloween celebrity easy photography profile story. They were to rock and roll with starbucks sister coffee. They were the Alan Parsons project. When I like to make my music very dramatic and exciting. So sweet and dozingly dull is Alan Parsons that to this day he must travel with his manager swabby gold. Alan Parsons was the guy who warned me my nickname. You know when we wrote I in the sky we hit was a thing where we get up Alan. I'm sorry. Anyway, I was saying it's all about time. Damn it out. Give it something. Sure, let me write. Right. Now then what I wanted to say was. The Alan Parsons project. Every generation needs its own really crappy band. That was going to explain more than five. It's a big juicy shopping web look at show business tonight. On inside the behind. See, I played that even though I love Alan Parsons project that's one of my favorite songs of all time top five. I am the sky. Yeah, and you're flying. I'm telling him. You're like that? I like that. I like how a process project. Yeah, but I'll say a cute. That was a music. 1202 with 560 WDK. We don't let our own credit uses interfere with the comedy on the show. That fresh new comedy that Joey's always talking about. But never delivers. Here's a fact from somebody who's a little amusing, I guess. Stop encouraging Hank and Mad Dog to rate the station with new contracts for more money. Who the hell do you think will end up paying for lining the pockets of rich people like you. Hank and Mad Dog. The advertising he shows. The advertising is a lot to pay more for commercials. Henceforth, I like to change their charge. Their customers more to pay for these increases. We consumers are struggling already as it is. And then it says, cool. I mean like that. It says, yeah, stop. Okay. Like I said, dollar-hower. All right. Whatever you say. Now don't don't do the sound of the deals. Like Mad Dog says a deal isn't a deal until it's a deal. And make sure that corporate knows about it if you sound a contract. Okay? Because I hear that said, yeah. That's always a good idea. Make sure that the corporation knows that this contract. Because that's squiggle. May have used it before the year change. And worked something in the past. And worked too much anymore. Okay? They like to have some idea of what's going on. Since they're the ones who are paying the money. I just mentioned that in passing. Greg. Here's the, oh, if I ever told that whole story, man, I think that would, I can't do it. Even even I, even as much content as I have for what I've been put through the last couple of weeks, even I just don't have the, the heartless feeling to do that to anybody, even him. Doubtown the ill. It's really embarrassing. Okay. Water not see. He won't tell me. Who should do two to four on WQM starting that? See, it's Wednesday already. Wouldn't you think we'd have some, our ducks in a row? Does somebody in place? How about Daffy Duck? When you think? I'm sure that we've worked with him already. We'll put out a press release. We'll announce that Jeff de Forth. I mean, he's already been hired about a half dozen times in the last two years. He'd been hired back. I mean, we don't have anything personal against default. And then he's a backstab, right? But other than that, he's okay. He never stole a freight train. I don't think. Karen would insecure. I got a good idea. He's not doing anything right now. How about the rimman, Jeff Remer? Flyman from Columbus, we could probably do those show right from his house like I do. We could do the show from Columbus, Ohio. What do you say? The rimman, do those Sid Lighting hockey show? That's right. I mean, football season, college footballs over now. We had the National Championship game last night. USC kicks in serious bloody ass, Osario J. Thank goodness that Josh was there to see that. That was, that's so great. What a perfect. What do you guys say again? He's got a knife. He's got a knife. Here's OJ signing autographs. I always sucklings. All these simple things that I have. No, self respect. I don't mean he can. Oh, he's famous. He was a great player. He's a murderer, but we don't care. Yeah, walking by people are like, people are walking by and they're like, oh, that was OJ, they start taking out the cameras. It's like, oh. Yeah. Isn't that pathetic? Isn't that sad? And you wonder why people like Ted Bunny were getting like marriage proposals in the mail. Right. Everyone. We're the slime bucket, the more a certain group of misfits. Gravity toward them. Of course, in OJ's case, screw in. And she's still around. What about? Is she still around? No. The only more left I think from that moment, of course you got Greg in the water not see. They're also obsessed. And probably Maddie dolls a big OJ liquor would think, wouldn't you? I don't know. I would think so. Well, next time we have lunch with Maddie, find out. Yeah, bring up the great. Bring up OJ's name. Or maybe in lunch with Maddie and Fat Boy would be good. Who should do two to four on QAM, Jeff de Forest 82 on a 274 votes? Curtis Davidson, 48. More Howard David at 40. Most of them make a little bit of a move. Can you smell it? Interrupted. The GMO was starting to sprout. Kim Bo-Kamp, 29. The big Brock Solid. Oh. 24. We're in a crotch 20. Yolene's 16. Joseph Gert, he's got 10. Probably off in the beast. And maybe clearance. See, Joseph was not going on the year. I know that the breaks hangs heart because they're good buddies for me to say that. But Joseph is a good guy. And he's been along on the year. He's got a voice of like a mask of death. I mean, it's just, uh, his bland is vanilla ice cream. The only difference being a lot of people like vanilla ice cream nobody likes Joe One year. Lening March has three. And for a thread for it's got a pair. Yes, but I heard. Not like, uh, but nevertheless that's what's Lorenzo before they fired her ass. Isn't that interesting? I was thinking about this in the shower this morning. Hank got suspended for a bitch and out of square. And that's time. That was his second-alic suspension. That was before the Jeffrey Luria suspension. He got suspended for a bitch and out of square into much of an apartment. And calling her exactly what she is. And then the bizarre part of that whole deal is she gets canned. Not that long afterward. So maybe that's why Hank gets promoted in the morning show now because maybe he had a stomach in order to say. He would have a lot of his work. That was funny. Here's a facts from Jay who says, Love the show. Well, thanks, Jay. We love you. I'm a really big fan of talk. We do including Stern. You're showing sports radio. However, the list of potential replacements for manages this lot is embarrassing. And you know what? Jay, you are absolutely correct. Very weak. Curtis is the only potential candidate. However, he's extremely raw. Well, I don't know about that. I don't even give him his personal life. The big, no, is awful. Josie sucks. Okay. And the rest of the day more with a comment. In other words, mo. The more you fall in from the good graces, mo. Back in the day when he was doing mornings. I mean, I didn't do his mention in his name. And to me, the lines were all light up. And he were like, you're foaming it to mouth. I'm listening. Good. Hope you enjoy your paid vacation. I always, I always enjoyed those deals. These so-called broadcasts make great read. Looks like a first-class general manager. That may be a stretch, however, all this talk is irrelevant because now this reading matters. Because QM will be changing his line up again. Another few months. All right, man. The boot is such. He must have worked with the station. They like to keep their listeners confused and be fuddle. Much like unconfused and be fuddled. They great read maintains employment. But you should have got a lot of company on that deal. You say naked pictures. I say naked video tapes. Jay says my suggestions. Highway head under a service. Get a professional in there. Two play best of Neil. Oh boy. That's three transmitter maintenance. Four. Yeah, they could hear that Spanish language music in the back. We turn the transmitter off. Right. Right. When he won't be able to get all your food. We can just pipe that up and sell spots on it. And four wore in the crowcrumbarty. He's an inadvertent comic mastermind. He's on the list by the way, Jay. He's not doing too well. Which I don't know. Have a great life, Jay. Let me along. Rick Faxard and says. The only senator who had the ball to contest the vote tied in the plain crash. Paul Ball Stone, which no one can get to the wreckage to investigate. His response. There you go again with those conspiracy theories. Rick and even though you're probably right at the timing of that was sure. His fish is who are we to say. Only the Lord knows for sure. Just like that tsunami man. We don't need to know the reasons because the Lord worked. Somebody actually did say that. Oh, you know what? Was who? A couple of nights ago. You're a post personal friend. Lo me $80 was on there and he had his guest present Bush 41 and Clinton 42. George Herbert Walker Bush and Bubba. And I told you a little bit about this. And we got to that part where Larry was asking him about does it shake their faith and their religion and belief in God? A lot of people are wondering where was God when this was going on just like 9-11. And they both gave the most supercellious outrageous, but very expected, you know, cookie cutter answers to that question. Tip towing around it like you expect because it's not politically correct to attack religion or God or question any of these things. And so as a result I was humiliated, degraded and embarrassed for both of them, especially Clinton who, well, you know, that's why you won't see Jesse eventure about much anymore. Right. Remember he was like peaking in popularity and MSNBC decided he was a top show host, which he wasn't. He was not anything for one or two shows and then he went by by real quick. But as soon as he made that comment or they got to come out of the interview, I guess it was, where he was attacking religion or organized religion rightfully so, telling it exactly the way it is. And he kind of involved in those debates, remember that right. And again, he's doing the tantancin, but he beat a bit of a bit about all this and that was the end of the Jesse back into the ring making a big bucks. You can't be a successful politician or a successful much anything in America and not be part of the God squad, especially in nowadays, man, you better be a Jesus Christer big time. You better either that or you better have your pace and your chitises in your yammaqa, also non-real tight, especially the chitises. Remember that thing? Yeah. When you're a accountant came in, you're a former Orthodox, you were a accountant came in and had a friend to tell you. You talk about a man. You know what you look like that day, you look like look at Brachy when he gave it to me. Yeah, you got by. Remember that? Well, God likes it when you're in pain for me. And okay, I was wondering about that. How did they do that? I was thinking about that scene last night. You know, the scene where I'm talking where he was in the bar, pretending he was going to over and join Salatso, Tatagia, right? And Bruno Tatagia is behind the bar and Salatso comes up and the stabs Lucas hand, right? Down over the bar to keep him and then they gear at him from behind and they leave gear at him. And his face gets all purple and his eyes look like they're going to work like Barbara Bush, like they're going to pop out of his hand. How did they do that? Well, they call it acting. No, but they choked him a little bit just for me. Like his face. Be red like that to make it purple. There are people that do it for fun every day. I've heard that when you choked it time now, if you can make it purple. You just heard? Probably that's past noon. That's the room around town. Probably that's past noon at 5.60 WC away. And if you decide to start the new year off right and trim down at the Atkins, South Beach Sugarbusters are any low car of sugar-free diet. Then head forward the lights of West Boca. Even TV's biggest losers are following a low car of diet and their weight loss is incredible. For years, the lights have helped thousands of low carbed dieters. It's achieved their weight loss goals. The lights of West Boca is your low car. One stop shop for the right supplements and best selection. And of course, most important, the best tasting low car foods. Stop it in sample any of their over 1200 low car products like the brand new. Chocolate dip cheesecake on a stick and their famous carbohydrates soft serve ice cream. They have a staff that knows low carb dieting inside and out in the orphaned everyday. Till 10 in the PM. And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all Atkins, Carboleite and True Delight products too. The lights of West Boca guaranteed the betmati bells life on it. They will not be under sold. The lights is located on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market or column tool free at 1-877 low car. It's with a W. Run the web at lowcarb.com also with a W. That's the advice of West Boca. Your official Atkins retail center. You are listening to me. Roger. Thanks. Roger. My name. Pozahy. And I am your Lord Johnny Annoyle. I am here to love you. For the benefit of those who do not yet know I am a chosen so be a Johnny Annoyle. Mayor, June 0-9 and 11 in this day. You report that had all references to Saudis redacted. That was me. Because I went through seven shutters. Now, Motius means said about my fortune and most full of price of this. For a sandwich. Because I think culture is oh, he's totally. Now that the darkness is in custody, we have better ratings and he did very much like the crush me appointed Saudi Royal's Ray Pulons. For the Chinese good teams. I have asked our team the speed of 4-E to more ratings. They are nice to have the kids to blow up steam. Luckily for me, I already got the Dina's convention as Sili. Wait. So let's go back to using an experiment. The Bibi. Bye-bye. From 16 at 5-60 and he's real winner of the torture. He was John Ascroff, Sima Kaya Boyzcott. Oh, and yesterday, June, everyone was on air before the show. Remember I'm saying all just thank you for all of the surgeons who are in the Iraqi people. Well, guess what? That handful is over 200,000, which is more than the number of fellow soldiers we have there. Iraq's insurgency counts at more than 200,000 active fighters and sympathizers. The country's national intelligence chief told AFP in the bleakest assessment to date of the armed revolt wades by Sunni Muslims. I think the resistance is bigger than the US military in Iraq. I think the resistance is more than 200,000 people. Iraqi intelligence service director General Muhammad Abdul Ashawashan-Wani said, and if you ahead of the January 30th, about 30 minutes. Elections. John Wani said that number includes at least 40,000 hardcore fighters, but rises to more than 200,000 members counting part-time fighters and volunteers and provide rebels everything from intelligence and logistics to shelter. Now, a part-time fighter. The numbers far exceed any figure presented by the US military in Iraq who lie a lot, which is struggle to get a handle on the size of resistance since top-ing side of Muslims regime, blah, blah, blah. I see new US military officials decline to endorse or dismiss these five chiefs, or in other words, when they say, when they wish this missile, when they want to unite, you know, they're full of crap, right? Right. Let's see, here's a fact from Girlan for Lauderdale. For the two to four slot, I think it should be a group effort consisting of Howard David Warren Cromarty, Trice Drafron and Screw Anne. It would be called a mole-crosh, bow and ho show. I love it. Nice car, Bill. Happy New Year to you, sweetheart. Five, six, seven, and I would be nice to know. I guess Friday they're probably way, you know, they're getting various column on Friday in the heroine. Maybe it'll just be surprised. That's what you're getting this journey, he'll write it up in the Sun's Senate. I know, and I would be good. Two and in and find out. That would be a great idea. That TV show. And this place they could never keep it quiet long enough. Now, I will say this because it were rumblings that some powers that be what we'll have to do about Jirkins column yesterday because this was supposed to be quick, kept quite a little bit longer. But it seemed, and I'll correct me if I'm wrong. In fact, I got the article still right here somewhere, wait a minute. It seemed to me that Tom quoted two different QN people in that article. Here it is, go for it. They take over a certain slot. Yeah, because he quotes Hank in here, I mean, if you worry who the mole is, where this article came from, then he quotes, Rick. Yeah, because it says QN's general manager, Greg, we need to find a comment on the potential changes. The stations are taking place. He said, but nothing has been finalized. You see? So it indicates that maybe the hump or I don't know who was filled with beans. But every time Greg runs around looking for the mole, it turns out to be Greg. Yeah, looking to mirror. He's at least partly mole. Kind of like in Rikai was before I had a chop-to. Did he have a chop-to? I don't know. How about the mole? 567. By the way, in case you missed an anacornal holiday, it did not marry in Rikai Glace. Yes, we got sucked in on Ethel. And that's her hobby. She grew up making up all these funny, funny things. But let's see, what was the first survey? Fettarov and then it was Pablo Buray and we came to greasy as she played. She just makes it up. Which is fine because the media buys in and most of these deals anyway. The J.L. All her flag phony merges, you know, call these famous queens. WQAM, hello. We think you should meet our gang and... OK, pali. All right. I didn't think that the girl's up for y'all. I'm going to talk about that for sure. OK, see. OK. I appreciate it too that you got right to the point. Being that you had nothing to say. That's good. That was good call. WQAM, hello. Welcome to your hour. Pretty good, sir. I think that by the time Hank wipes the sweet part of his eyes and clears his throat his fish is going to be over in the morning, man. He's not a morning person. Yeah, I will find out Monday. Yeah. OK. We'll find out Monday. Monday. Yeah. OK, pali. So see, who knows if he's a morning guy or not? I don't think Hank has ever done mornings before, but that doesn't mean, you know, right? He just follows. Stay up all night and, you know, crash afterwards. You know, who used to do that? Carl the Suze, I'm WDBC and Boston who was there for about 80 years. Yeah, that worked out. One who was there for about 80 years. Well, and every morning he was started a show by saying, I've threw it head this British, uh, affected accent. You know, he like real stuffy back in the day when they had those, you know, JP McCarthy and Detroit personalities. Some of whom really were all that good, but they were just like legendary. Oops. But Carl the Suze was saying, I bring your greetings from all kinds of places. In other words, he was stoned off his ass, even out of boozing it up all night and whatever, you know, and we just go right into the studio. Those are the days, baby. You can't live in the past. Dave Mayner Jefferson K. Bruce Bradley, Jade Dunn, Larry Glick, Carl the Suze. Every major market had a big 50,000-lit powerhouse with real personalities on it, like in Pittsburgh, Katie K. and WLS in Chicago when Larry Lou Jack was there. What's happened to this business man? It's been destroyed. Haven't I been saying that for years? They just broke it. They've, they've, they've, butchered it. Clear channel, Cox Broadcasting, all these cookie cutter companies. They just want to open up a potten and broadcast the same garbage on 800 stations at the same time. They've destroyed it. That's why they're so little talent around now. That's why it's so hard to find somebody to stick in there too to for. Because who the hell is there? Just like I'm saying about steering Howard, who even put on your three serious things, get serious. Who you got? Lynn Samuels. He's already on there. I'm serious. That's your real, real insight is not desperate things are. Oh, maybe they'll put this flood John there. That would be good. That's self-hating queen. WQA and hello. How did it here? And back to you. No, that's not as bad as that. Yeah, back to you too. WQA and hello. Why did you take the bit torrent stuff off the site? The why? We were able to download your files on there. It was file sharing bit torrent, George, about the taking it off. I didn't take it off. I didn't take it off. Nobody wanted it. Nobody wanted to use it. Nobody knew how to use it. So we already, we've got trying to spark a shot set that right now. It's in Joe Lyonical. What is he talking about? Bit torrent. Don't worry about it. What is that? It's a file sharing system that we had on the site briefly so that people could see the videos and so that we could share bandwidth and everything. But nobody knew how to use it. Yeah. I'm planning so I took it down. Right. Yeah, my job business, pal. Get your own website. Puts. Oh, by the way, I got a great, uh, I got a whole bunch of stuff here. I'm never going to get to because I'm getting to in gross needs great calls like that one. Um, they're watching to do what they're busy. Get a life loser. I have no life. Blog reading explodes in America. Americans are becoming avid blog readers with 32 million getting hooked in 2004, according to new research that he survey conducted by the Pew Internet American Life Project show that blog readers should be shut up by 58% of the last year. 58% of Americans are shooting up. Some of this growth has contributed to political blogs written and rendering the US presidential campaign. No Schmidt. Despite the explosive growth more than 60% of online Americans still have never heard of blogs. The survey found our survey said blogs or web logs are online spaces in which people can publish their thoughts, opinions or spread news events in their own words. Company searches Google and Microsoft provide users with a tools to publish their own blogs. The rise of blogs is bought a new desire for immediate news and information with six million Americans now using RSS aggregators. Well, RSS aggregators are downloaded to PCs and are programmed to subscribe to feeds from blogs, new sites and other websites. What are RSS aggregators? It's for example the way that I can get the stories on my Yahoo page. So we use that as well. Is that like the feed thing we got? What does that thing call? I don't know. Yeah, you do. Are RSS on you. What moment? Feed demon. No, I don't know what that is. But we did not. Here's what I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. Well, I don't know what that is. Well, I don't know what that is. The aggregators automatically compile the latest information published online from blogs in the site. That's exactly what the feed demon is. Okay. Reading blogs are made far more popular than writing the survey file. Well, writing them takes first of all of the reading number two. It takes some effort. Reading them is like a package of the blog. I can't even invest one is having somebody read it to you. Do you have that up there? Do I have one? The blogger song that Boca Brian did, which is hysterical. Do I have it up here? Up there. Where you are? The blogger song? I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And of course, in most cases, you're thinking, well, who the hell cares? You're listening to Neil Roger. I don't know. I'm just going to listen to him. I'm on 566. A Q A M. I never vote never crack. I'm a sounder Jew. I've written a song that's back. I'm a sounder Jew. I've heard all that good really leftist. I've been trained. But these lamp shades I got, looks so festive. I ain't a steward. I'm certain that boy I'm like me. At least I vote. All I can tie every day won't be my me. Or turn me to suit. Like all those slimy sounder Jew. I've got the eternal twint. Ten moment to O I am a sounder Jew. I got the sticker. I'm a sounder Jew. I've just returned in my mamma life. Am I rabbi to O I give no surprise, yet bad and pleasant, or a hick in the stream. Just for a sentence of my duty, I'm a trapper like we are here. I'm not cleaning and both those points. I'm a sounder Jew. I've got the two-face with the face, I've got the sounder Jew. They won't shut me if they don't say that. I'm a sounder Jew. Oh my God. 1232 at 560 WCM the Mad Dog. Three days in a row this way. Cutting like that. All right. Let's hear it for the hard work in dog. Two to four this afternoon. Hank had to win the crystal palace in the Bahamas from a fortest seven. Plunging his brains out. Hurricane Hotline at seven is anybody care about that. I wouldn't think so now. And then the big big thing is because we got nobody else and the 80K-10. 355 votes on the pool. Not like yesterday when we did over a thousand even during the show. That was, well that's because that was humongous news, right? When you write. But today's pool. And again, the choices on here aren't that outstanding that people are going to go racing to their computers. Oh, I've got a vote on this. I've got to get in on it. Who should do two to four? I've got a few. I'm starting on Monday. We're looking for a little programming help because, quite frankly, we haven't got a freaking clue. Jeff the four is 102. Default my close personal buddy, the Default man, who's got, of course, had the Polyman. Maybe we can forget about Default with Curtis because the Polyman would have to be the Sunkick. Wouldn't he probably be his deal everywhere he goes? I reckon. I think that's no pocket. Kind of like Mr. Eagle and Brian Craig. I shouldn't talk about Brian Craig and Norma. Send me another email. He still says you're pretty lame in the assac, Brian. Jeff the four is 102. Curtis Stevenson 64. Mohour David at 46. Rather limp third. Kim Boe can't for 43. Rather on Mozass. I can't you just envision that. The big O37. Warren accro. Chromardi 24. Gully only got 19. Gully man. You've been on the station 80 years. You only got 19 votes. It's like about a third of a whole year, about a fifth. Joseph Gackie 11. Price transferred five and letting our tenses got four. I'll be good for some hoots. I think letting could probably work with Tommy in the production. You know, kind of like Hona Pizbroke cascilles. Before you actually get to his own show. How many QAM hello? Hey, why can't man dogs just do those two hours as well? I don't have two to seven songs with me. I like it. Yeah, come on. Or we got a station. Listen, what about two to six? Got a work. Yeah, okay, thank you. You know something this guy did. I want to take you there. Oh, look. Well, you know what I mean? I don't think he wants to do four hours. No. That would be the answer because what's your pun of time back in the day we were doing Let's see. What was it? It was a good morning and then we were 10 to two and then Hank was two to six, right? The ship is not three out four to seven. There is not such shift in radio is four to seven. Maybe somewhere. Right? Just like there's no ship like 10. That would be ideal too. That would be perfect. Two to six. And then six, who cares after six? We don't really care after six. Six A M to six P. That's where the numbers are. That's where the revenue is. Okay. After six P M every was watching the TV news. The written dinner. They get ready to go on and get later. Whatever they're going to do. Watch in TV, prime time. Right? Right. So two to six sounds like they I don't know why they're doing that because I guess because they want to be consistent. They consistently do things that make no sense. Plus I don't think you want to do four hours. A little bit too much even for the mad dog. And he's got his other business. We've been at the other business gone, which I guess is where it makes most of his money from his construction business. If he didn't have that going, and then all the dolphin responsibilities as well. Maybe he might do two to six. Please have a pretty please. Oh, right. Same ad dog. Two to six sounds like I think that's the solution. Why don't they consult me on these things, huh? Why did it concern me before they did this all whole stern business? Yeah. Yeah. What do you say, man? To this thing. Yeah. Okay. I think we just made a deal. Now let's see if we can get somebody to sign it. Who's a signature means something. 567.0560. 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line. Oh, by the way, it is written in my contract. We're not allowed to criticize Maddie Bell. No, it's specifically says we can't call him a wrinkle up old midget that works down the hall of power. But keeps interfering with you, am? How many QAM hello? How you doing, Neil? Pretty good, pal. Yeah. I received some nominations just as- Okay, good. Not an issue for Jackass at the month and it's only the fifth of the month. Good work. How many QAM hello? Hello, Neil. Yes. I just like to let you know my fiance and I are moving to Canada and June. All right. Oh, right. Where boots? A little east of you. Want you all? My parents have a fine place to be a bit near much. Absolutely. I've been there five times. Oh, that's in every city. I mean, the weather is horrible. I mean, a thousand times worse than here. But when it, on those 10 days you, when a weather is nice, it's great. Absolutely. I'm getting married in Notre Dame in June. You're true. I'm going to tell you, man. It's one of my favorites to the end. I never thought I would like it that much. But it's kind of a cross. It's like halfway between Toronto and Europe. In other words, Toronto is a little more European than American. It's like a little, you don't understand? But actually, I was like right in the middle. It's like halfway between American and the European. Very great. Absolutely correct. I used to give you steps to the, at the Panther games. Sorry, they're not playing this year, but hopefully we have next year. And also, don't go before I think of the name of that great restaurant that I love and there's so many fantastic restaurants in Montreal, the food there is some of the best in the world. Are you familiar with that? Sure. Absolutely great food eating at several restaurants very good. There's an Italian restaurant where begins with a B and for like me, I can't think of it downtown. Oh, gee. Well, I'll board it out there in the show. It'll come to me. A Phil Softman, Worst, karaoke singer in the world. Thank you. Good guy. Okay. Thanks, Brian. We love you, Phil. I keep saying it to me and hope that he might give to message. I'm sure you'll get to message. Phil Softman, retired on Sunday called his last race after 20 years of doing any fine job and called a race track. Great guy. In spite of the fact that he puts some real goofballs in the seats at the hockey arena in front of me and around me. But nevertheless, nine year old boy fascinated by toilets. Here's one of my favorite stories. Mass-align Ohio. Nine year old Joey Sene is so interested in how toilets work that he wrote a letter to a toilet maker asking if they would produce a clear commode. You know how they have clear right? Other things, you know, I'm trying to think of good idea. You know, you can hear the working stuff. You can hear the working stuff. Exactly. The kissbees, the inside. He thought it would be neat to have a clear toilet in his house so he can see how it works at his father, Nixon A. He lettered a coer, Ray was said what we've all heard a coer. It was constantly based plumbing and having your head a coer? What's constantly plumbing for out of company? Send last year when Joey was a coer, the company's attention. It's pretty unusual to get a letter like that from an eight year old said John VaShaw, the company's custom service director, a clear toilet wasn't doable. But officials at Cola wrote back twice. We were so impressed by the fact that he took to have a right to sell letter VaShaw said, and he simmered a little plumber from Mass-along at a present from Cola, a stindi art book-flush toilet. Bulk-flush toilet. I have no idea why do I do that. I don't mind. Joey who keeps a toolbox under his bed. Not that Joey's a little bit strange when he was nearly speechless. A local plumber agreed to help the boy install his green gift. When we built it, when we built our home, he would come over a lot when they were building it. And he followed the plumber around. He would just watch and Michael's an age-o-age mother, Michelle. Michael, Michelle Sene, when Dennis Potter of Ohio spa and parts taking the lead, Joey helped her go over the old upstairs bathroom to her. Let's install the new one. Potter taught the umstru how to install a toilet, even tips and quiz them on the many functions by the enjoy was working on it by himself. Among his duties, as that is how to play on Royale shirt. Are you chmitting me? Among his duties, Joey disconnected and carried out the old toilet tank. He unwrap the new toilet seat, screwed it on the bowl, and discarded a product sticker. Joey smiling the entire time was eager to learn from our real-life plumber. Plumbers are guardians of nations, and it's tough because they take care of everything Potter told us of practice. For Joey it wasn't all that deep, it was just fun to put it together. And there's to think there's a little symbolism in father of Joey's trying to already and his young age learned at life is basically a polish man. You are listening to me or Rogers, the message that I sent you to you, A.M. The loot swars in A.M., and my new is Resolution. It's to get all of my Republican friends to change the constitution so I can be president. Once I do that, I resolve to destroy all of the copies of the video tape that shows me smoking fever at the 70s. Okay, have you knew everybody? That's the critic. From 43, 1701 and 560WQM we got 390 votes. We get a little choke top about it, especially thinking about defaulting on 2 to 4. At least it'll be on after us. You see what I'm saying? As opposed to back in the day when we were pre-seated by the worst team. So one of the problems that you have in the morning on the worst team, we signed the fact that there were three people on there. You don't need three people. That was the, that was the trigger in the wood pile. I won right there. But, uh, then nothing couldn't get out of it. And they also couldn't read the clock. And then Robert Greenpur would open the derives sitting in there, ready to go on a 10 o'clock and he opened up, while we're going to be two minutes over, they had a very important interview. How can you have a very important interview? That's so important that you can't tell what time it is. Well, it's an important sports interview. Always, that's right. I forgot. Because on this day, she wanted to sports thing, and then it's extremely important. Where's that sports thing? Where does that call? Sports. No, no, not that. That new one. I don't want to tell you this. No, no, no, no, no. I know what it's called. I'm going to say again, Kurt Warner is a pin in the ass. He is a real, you talk about the Jesus Christ, who are offensive and I'm not just in never giving it a rest. We're not interested in the middle of Wheel of Fortune and hear it about Jesus. Okay? That'll teach you over that broad was playing with the Kerr Warner. That'll teach him to team up with him. Luzer. One lucky year, that's always a fluke, right? Kerr, Josh, whatever your name is. Well, I wouldn't call it a fluke when it's a fluke, but he hasn't been good since. It's a fluke. What about what was the guy's name? It was a Johnson Bob Johnson, but what was his name? A Tampa when I won the Super Bowl. When Tampa won the Super Bowl? Yeah. It was two years' time. Right. Right. Right. So I was close. Brad Johnson. How's he doing? Pretty terrible. Yeah. He's not even playing as he? No. Isn't greasy playing quarterback for Tampa Bay, which he lose every week? So that goes to sure. Anybody can now know? I want to go out of three years when his team goes 14 and 2, like the lovely Tom Brady. That is a different story than you got some real talent. He ain't no flash in the fan. Even you'll be an adult from fan would have to admit that. Well, not adult from fan, but yeah, again, you're not adult from fan? I mean, you know, I wish him the best. I live here, but I don't. I'm not like a huge adult from fan. Well, then who do you like? I actually like the box more than I like the dolphins. You're like the Tampa Bay bucks. Yeah, I live there for a couple of years. Oh my god. That explains a lot. Oh my god. That explains your hostility toward Avola Vina and all Canadians. I don't understand that. That is outrageous. Anyway, if you're over 97 votes, who would you want on from 2 to 4 starting one day? But you better decide to quick because we don't have a lot of time. You have fast money. He's going to be here just like that. It'll be here. If they put 40 news radio on, they'll 7 o'clock in the morning. I want to say these things very loudly. Not that I really care. We're here. We're back to 10 to 2 starting Monday every day. You know, all we can do is take care of our own little business here, right? That's all we can do. Tell them. But I just, if they never listen anything that I tell them. I didn't I blurred on the air about the stern and about the self-employed moral sensor of software and all the problems that we're going to have all of these things. And the FCC complaints all of the tourists. And well, listen, just go ahead behind everybody's back and pull all these deals. And then they just keep blowing up in their face. Over and over and over and over again. How many times can a kid put his hand on hot stove? How stupid do you have to make it? Okay? Just, even like reaching up there in the touch of it. You know, like real quick, like, he's slamming his hand right on the red hot stove. On the electric stove. The burner is just, brilliant red. And he keeps sticking his hand on there and getting burned. How many times can you do that before some of you say you're a moron? You know what I mean? You're a moron. But nevertheless, 43 votes. You have to force is about 113. And he's way ahead of the pack of a very lackluster group. Curtis Stevenson, I don't mean I disrespect to Curtis in Epolyce, like a little work behind the years. Little raw, 70. Kim Boe Kim for 52. Little, a little stiff. Kim is a little, a good guy. Big guy. Big huge guy. I wouldn't want to mess with him. He's got that big cow in front of his university dog. But a little on the stiff side when you say yes. Mohour David is 49. I'll look at that. Kim is moving ahead of Mohour. Oh, man, Mohour. How you have fallen? To be go 41. Warren the Crow 28. You know what's happening? We've got a whole bunch of people. We've got mold of Crow. Big O. The Crow, the big O. We used to have Joe. Kind of we used to have two Joe's. If Kim Boe. Kim Boe. Right. As I said, Boe. You said that. You said that. You said that. You said that. You said that. You said that. Goose the gacky 14. Kim Boe. A lady martensis and first rat for it's got six. Lending our tess and try our tie. If I were to a stripper, I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. I'd be very offended by that. You're crazy. And especially the poor Mexicans, man. They get to be shortened to the sticks, so to speak. The shortened to the, somebody got to make a bad G, I mean, I don't know. How's veggie from Bokin doing I wonder? Let's see, amigura, the University alumnus says, see, it says, amigura University alumnus. Amigura University alumnus. How you graduated, I have no idea. See, I wouldn't say I'm a Michigan State alumnus because I went to school about five weeks. You know, then after that, realize it was a pile of crap and had a good time to break a lot of beer, but alumnus is terrible, okay, for a rhyme and girlfriend. Is the restaurant you're talking about called Bonanote on Sound Along. No, it's Bokin Chino's. It just came to me, begins with a beat. Thank you very much for my Bokin Chino's man. That place is so good. There's so many great restaurants in Montreal. You want to pick out, I'm telling you like Montreal, I'll be right back. It says, over trendy Italian, Bonanote. I think I've seen that. I'm saying it wrong. Montreal is North America's best city. No, and I would not agree with that. Toronto's heads and shoulders above Montreal, but Montreal is outstanding. Great food. Yeah, the food is better than beautiful women. I shouldn't see any beautiful people of any gender of any of the three. Boy, they have somebody ugliest people there because most of them are frogs. Lade back canucks, quesai legal herb. Yeah, it's a very progressive, even more progressive, I would say, than Ontario. It's Quebec. They are so familiar to the progressive. You don't mess with the fagg, you don't mess with the weed. They would be a pot-hagg, you don't mess with anybody. It says except for the front. Now we got it. Except for the French, it is a paradise. Oh, and the winner starts to ride. Now we're getting to the truth. The weather is really brutal. They have really nasty winners and too many French people. And I don't know what you think you got a language problem in South Florida, which you do. Wow. I thought of those stories about Sydney or the casino Montreal, and people who are speaking of French are not just frogs or like to your life into your right. And they're just telling for you nicely, I started speaking English. And then I'll speak English here for like 30 seconds. Two minutes later, speak to you in French again. Swing to the gut Alzheimer's, or they're just rude and obnoxious. You're surfing the ladder for me, true. The people are a lot more polite, a lot friendly, or a lot more, plus, plus much better looking people here. Oh, trust me when I tell you, have all varieties all for. I trust you. Now I'm telling you, believe me. But not for all the fines to the you'd like it a lot in the food. If you're like skinny and you want to like bulk up, or if you just ready to die, you don't care. Oh, the restaurants are here to die for. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, and a Verizon and sing it a lot of fun. If you go to Montreal, Boca Chino is trust me when I say, it's not a real fancy place, it's a beautiful restaurant, but it's one of those we can get like, you know, viol or omelets or just about anything, breakfast all through the day. But it's a deal. Huh? You can spend the viola or two, yeah. And then of course in between spin and the viol, Kurt Warner will turn you on to Christ. Jesus, Kurt, when you go away, already get off of my screen, you crazy Jesus Christ to you. That is just so obnoxious man. I believe what you want, but it only in appropriate places is where you're supposed to deal with it. That try to force it in everybody else. That's the thing with these guy and man, they just won't stop. They won't stop trying to force it on everybody else. We don't want it, you know? Oh, but vanilla ice cream is great. Great, enjoy it. Eat tons of it. I don't want it. You'll think it out from heaven. Oh, beans are refined beans are so great. Eat all of refined beans. Fart your brains out, okay? I don't want no refined beans, all right? Don't try to force it on me. Jesus, who's sorry? Tell me who I am, hello. Let's hear the obo show. The obo show. Okay, the obo. I think he's probably got the afloot show himself. Sounds like it. Maybe it's the flu-dish-o. Let's get dark flu-dying, I'm going to be another. He's still playing, can you believe that? You guys can't eat it, go, right? Yeah? Well, how old are you must have eaten now, about 55, something like that? Don't flu-dying. I remember that game I saw, I was watching live, Boston College, and University of Miami, God. One of my greatest memories of my life in sports. You remember that? Well, that's before you were born, probably. You're just about. It was right there, but, well, I don't like the game on the Miami fans, but you've seen it. I definitely have. You've seen it in a how many times this week? God, turn it man. That, uh, Hail Mary Doug's looty touchdown pass right there in the game. To beat the vondent hurricane, oh yeah. Oh man, you can't spell scum without you M. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah? Yes, sir. Yeah, the down the area, I lived down there for 20 years, so I've been in town for last today, so I've heard a lot of good stuff. I want a chime in with two names. What about the function or the wind, myster? The wind, myster? Right. We're not. The boat is busy doing baseball. Can't do it, pal. I have a great wee are here. He didn't hear that part. Boow, we like Boow a lot, but the fact that I'm at risk, he's going to be doing baseball games in addition to which his talk show performances, uh, just. Rock and roll, rock and roll, rock and roll. Everybody, how long those don't have my side? We can catch the hands up, we can catch the hands up, we can fly. We like Boow a lot, but the frigate about talk shows, okay? Plus, I'm whatever happened, I guess he turned down the sandy eagle dealers. That's still up in the air. I don't know, I haven't heard anything further. You know, you're certainly out of the loop for got it, sitting there right on Dave Van Boowings need during all of the home games. You should be a little tighter with the Marlins organization. I would think, or maybe just don't want to be tighter with the organization. I'll write him an email. Yeah, send him an email and find out what to deal with, okay? Inquiring minds would like to know, we don't want to lose boo. In fact, if the organization were really sharp, I better not say that. I don't want to get you every Laurie and David Samson up, so it would be what happened to the poor Humper. Like I said, if they were really smart, they would make boo with the Eves of the number one radio man, or he'd get to TV, now that Len Kansper went to Chicago, now that the cubs, I've been talking about the reason to take that blown out there. Why is that? Skip, I'm wondering, Chip Kerry and the Steve Stone. They were ripping the cup players toward the stretch, when the cubs folded like an recording like they usually do. They were ripping them in ass, like Harry would do back and they wouldn't hear he was alive, but they know Harry. And I'm saying that they would tolerate it from Harry Kerry, but not from these guys, not from Grant and Greg Granson. Well, they're not Harry. So Steve Stone, he got sent back on his way to Arizona and to do his boyfriends. And Chip, I would took the deal with Len, it was his daddy, what's skip Kerry. That's it, so we'll stir about what happened to Chicago Bar. I thought Chip did a really good job. Chip Kerry's good. And Steve Stone, been there for every, and she's been there a long time. Steve Stone and Muff together, same person. Anyway, here's a fact from PRR Ralph, who's out of control, out of control, out of control. Guys, by report, like I said, we always love facts that from PRR Ralph. It says, while on lunch in the orphan's watching channel for they mentioned the following news, we're glad to announce that Neil Rogers has resigned. Or says, hey, resigned. Now, see, that's, that's the same way. Sure, right. Now, I think resigned has got a hyphen, doesn't it? I would have. This, as resigned, with 5.2c, the amount of the contract not announced, but it's got a six figure signing bonus. So the newscaster, Black girl said it was great for you and congrats to you, and then they said, pause, Brian Andrews is in Indonesia. No. I said, wait. Well, yeah, one thing about that one, if he was there during the tsunami. Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth? He could just float away. And he just fly away, Brian Andrews. One of Channel 7's many news theories. Here's another fact that says, bloggers, I wonder how well your buddy Miss Kamala's doing on the inside. Fine. Do you know? Yeah, they did. Blongers have no credibility. Most of them were a bunch of overly caffeinated self-loving bumps who've never had a real job. Says this fact's like, most right-wing video, talk to your host. It wouldn't be so bad if blogs were entertaining, but every blog I've read is the sense of humor of Sean Hannity at Sunday Morning Services. You haven't excused for participating, excluding the severely bombastic opinions and rants you're good at. It makes this laugh. It paid enough scene amount of money to do it. Blongers don't get paid. Can't get laid. Our about his entertaining is watching Boca Brian's here grow. I'm supposed to care what kind of person I have. What that kind of person has to say, blogs suck and beware reports crafted by any foundation with the imp queue in it. The pues are right-wing nut shops, noting a corporate feudal state. Conservative talking hits, loved to promote the fine young American bloggers, muck waking the liberal media, despite what that article said about Terry supporters, more likely to read blogs. There's a very, very educational informative facts. And it, we've got it. Talk to everything is going so well, we, I don't understand it. I mean, just the last three days. So don't judge it. Okay. Well, we got to Monday to see what happens. What kind of Schmidt they forced on us on Monday. But do not put sporting news radio on the air between six and seven employees. Give the hump a little bit of a lead in their man. Not sporting. Even what's his name? Do you think he'll back just to do five to six or five to seven? What would be wrong with that? Nothing. How is he used to get enough there and do in the five to eight? You can do five to seven. What? Sporting news radio. Why? Are you crazy? Is that what it's going to be? Is that what it's going to be? I think that's what it's going to be. See, that gives the hump a handicap right off the bat because he's going to be responsible in the book for six to ten. Morning dry. If they're putting them on it like goose up morning drive, which obviously they are once they blow stern up, why would you give a guy a handicap? Well, well, you put an hour of dead air on behind him. Because that's six o'clock hours of fourth of the entire time period. Oh, well, 1258 at 5.60 WQM, Did you hear less than 50 grand last year if your answer is yes, then it's time for a career change. Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1-8-6-6-fast train. Fast train can have you train to ready for a new high-paying career in as little as four months. Fast train offers high-to-man high-pay career training. If you like computers, I've thought of becoming a computer network professional. Call fast train toll free at 1-8-6-fast train. The demand for computer professionals is in all time high and fast train can have you train to ready for a new career in as little as four months. Fast train's got fantastic locations all over time for either in Kindle, Miami, Pembroke Pines, and for a lot of deal. Fast train offers job placement, financial aid for people to qualify to and even have daily weekend classes which are forming right now. So if you want out of that dead end, job just a good body or a puss boss and get yourself a real life with a real paycheck to go with it. Call fast train today. 1-8-6-fast train. Host this means 2-0ew Ahhh. Will upset the whole time? Sonic 2 acted silent in acting direct their Clock setting but in the middle dramatic angle. Soccer's artworks has actually bloomed with replicate 3-7 pieces. Caf, GP, Sine, Pangelss 2-7 treasures.emon is still focused throughout get under refrigerator.urerman, prelegate,veer McK White Sunlight Electric Dark disappear as I do the huts in my mirror. I'm just not feeling well. I saw a girl because I'm all the same. So, I'm ready to go see you either. Not at all. You can be older or not. The goal is to see you or you need somebody else to feel. I like. No, I'm always ready to take the scene out of it. I'm just saying, I have a quick mind decision to and I chose this super vocal form. It's with action and after the final rehearsal. I am really sorry. It's my thing to remember and I was truly not my intention. One or two at five, 60, WMD post got a big lead. Nobody's going to catch him and that's the, well, just the way it is. You know, maybe they'll surprise us. Maybe they've done a nationwide search this week. And they're going to bring in some real high pay at your account. Do you think? Condemned testing reveals the best brands. Don't you think this is a great interest to all of our people out there? We should know. Yeah, you should know. That's too late now. Yeah. The consumers group best known for waiting cars and washing machines has turned its testing prowess. To condoms to find out which ones measure our best now out of birth control methods compare. The only problem with that is this is like consumer reports on it magazine. Yeah, that you haze for some reason. Because most of the crap I ever read that in years, but when I did read it back in the day, there were views where garbage there for the crap. How has had the feeling that they were getting smeared somewhere, you know? See that they're feeling. The nonprofit consumer's union says in a new guy to contraception. That the seven top types of kind of they studied did not first, despite vigorous testing and all models met international standards. I wonder how they did that vigorous testing? A machine? I'm sure that. But we've also that's a top brand able to take the most punishment. The management of the company's been, was the directs extracensitive lubricated latex accordingly report. The directs extracensitive lubricated latex. Okay. By the way, I mentioned that how much are left FedEx because it rhymes with latex. FedEx is great. God. Other top performers include the directs for formats lubricated. Lifestyle's classic collection, ultra sensitive lubricated and they fit lubricated. You got those? No, no. Directs per formats lubricated. Lifestyle's classic collection, ultra sensitive lubricated. They fit lubricated. A melum-colored model, a melum-colored model. Isn't that sweet? Now, is that like water melum-colored? That flavor? Who do you think uses those? A melum-colored model distributed by tan-pernod performed the worst. A distributed by tan-pernod bursting during a test in which the latex bottoms were filled with air. How do you like that? Well, that's tan-pernod all right. That's the way to plan it. Maybe the other color planted parenthood. The group says this review of contraceptives was not politically motivated to all other as an intense debate among health professionals and advocacy groups about the focus on absence only education by the Bush administration. We plan our testing programs quite well in advance. This is purely accidental continued editor Nancy Mekha. Consumers union standardized tests to rate the products of examins which for latex bottoms involves filling them with air. There was no accepted method to test silicon or non-latex condoms. You end up with a balloon about three feet tall in a foot wide. They can really stretch an amazing amount of Mekha said in telephone interview. Yeah, I've seen that. The New York-based organization with publishers they consumers reports magazine also tested 16 other contraceptives choices. Condoms are mainly only family-flying and pregnancy prevention method that can help prevent sexually transmitted diseases including HIV which causes AIDS the group which is issued to similar reports on condoms periodically since 79, be sane in the state man. Condoms have improved since the mid-90s because industry manufacturing standards have become more universally used and more effective at it at work capel who led the condoms project. Intrauterine devices are IUDs have also become safer than in previous years and have birth control pills including so-called emergency contraception the group said. Well, after instance, a zero percent figure rate doing nothing to prevent pregnancy has an 85 percent faith you're rate the group found. George, a US government report published last month shows 98 percent of all US women have had sex use have you in birth control? Except for at least expected. Here in the studio we do have those direct ones that you mentioned and Trojan as well. Are you blowing them up? Well I'm not going to put them on the door handles would be good. Keep all those pain in the ass and baters out. I'm probably going to. Now speaking of what I was just talking about by today is this one. Rochester, New York, I could throw a rock from here to Rochester right across the lake. A family court judge who last year steered debate about parental responsibilities or today second-dregulated women have no more children until she proves she can look after the seven she already has. I'd like that judge. The 31 year old mother identified in court papers only as Judge W. Judge. Last custody of her children ranging in age from eight months to 12 years in child neglect hearings dating back to 2000. Six are in foster care at state expense and one lives with an aunt. And the youngest child in two other tested positive for cocaine and birth. And all seven were removed from her care and custody because she could not and did not take care of them. Judge Merrill and O'Connor said maybe December 22 this is made public yesterday. Because every child born deserves a mother and a father at the very least a mother or a father, this court is once again taking the unusual step awarding this biological mother to conceive no more children until she reclaims your children from foster care or other care takers or connery right. And when I was similar ruling my smart or counter-ordered a drug addicted homeless mother of four, to refrain from bearing children until she won back care of her children, the decision to first of its kind and the state in New York is being appealed. Which constant and Ohio of how paled similar rulings involving deadbeat dads who failed to pay child support, but another state's decisions have shurned back attempts to interfere with the prisons right to procreate. Oh yeah, in the sunshine state they want you to procreate. O'Connor said she was not forcing contraception or sterilization on the mother. This goes back to what I've been saying for years now how many years have I been saying it? About 30 men. Of course sterilization if you want to save the human race forced sterilization. People who shouldn't be making obeys guess what they're making the most of them is what they're doing. O'Connor said she wasn't forcing contraception or sterilization on the mother who had children with seven different men. And her requirement had to get an abortion. Should she get pregnant, but she warned that the woman could be jailed for content of she has another child. Why to do this? New York Civil Liberties Union maintain that the opinion cannot be enforced because it tramples on a fundamental right to right to procreate. Oh brother. You see, I usually like the AC and you and all of the civil liberties groups, but they just go too far at times which is what turns a lot of us off. Trampals on a fundamental right to right to procreate like rabbits like ants. They need to choose their battle. Like the roaches. There is no question they circumcises of the case are deeply troubling said a group's executive director Donna Lieberman. Donna Lieberman. Oh, but earning a woman out of threat of jail not to have any more babies puts the court squarely in the bedroom and that's no place for the government. Sweary. Sweary. Sweary. How do you like that? We need a lot more judges like that I'll tell you. And a lot fewer ACLU and NCLU and a type of people like Donna Lieberman probably can. 560, 560, pound 560 and a Verizon, cigarette or wireless on. I'm sure Mad Dog and have a lot more to extrapolate today between two and four about the coming situation. Next Monday, Mad Dog 4-7. Like I said next Monday, Mad Dog 2-7. W-Q-A-N-Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what's going on man? I want to see if you want to tell that's my call to Jesus back there on PBS. No, I did not see them. Oh my god, you got to check that out on PBS.org. This is about the Bush and his hate-based initiative. Right. Or if you want to call it the hate-based initiative. Hate-based? Yeah. You should definitely check that out. Go to p.s.org and you can watch the whole show. Very good documentary. Okay. Make sure you check that out. Thanks a lot, pal. Take it. Oh, I'd better wait. I'm glad he mentioned that because White House ruled out more than a billion dollars in so-called faith-based funds. And you wonder why we have Kurt Warner popping up there on the Wheeler version. In fact, hate-sagia said he's been on there more than a dumb job. He said like five or six times now. That's because he's part of the, you know, God squad. He keeps looking at Jesus Christ or stuff. In New Haven, Connecticut, AIDS counselors don't hesitate to stop and pray anytime someone needs a booth. And Charleston, South Carolina, Christ's ministry provided shelter and meals for the homeless in Hungary. We're also on a White House list of faith-based organizations that together receive more than a billion dollars in federal grants in 2003. But when it comes to religion, the groups philosophies are quite different. The Connecticut AIDS program doesn't hesitate to incorporate religion into its program. But in South Carolina, Christ's ministry doesn't consider itself a re-religious group at all. Some of us obviously designated us as a faith-based organization, but we don't recognize ourselves as that. It's Stacy Dennell, Executive Director of Christ's ministry. Herz was on many groups with entirely secular versions. There were surprised to find their names on list of faith-based groups provided to the A&P by the White House. It's just like everything else. And that's why when a first came up with that number, what was it? $35 million? Was that really the first number that came up with for the tsunami victims? Huh? Yeah, let's come on. Say they spend more on, they forced more than that down the toilet by the before the through a breakfast living in Washington, or you can meet? The first number was actually $8. They should have been a billion right off the bat. A billion dollars. No problem at all. They find that money under mattresses in trunks of parked cars right behind the White House. They find a billion dollars in small bills in cash. Oh, we're going to get $35. And then of course they continue being embarrassed and being humiliated by all these other countries. I was afraid that they said they're given 400 million. You see that? Yeah. Down under the Australians, 400 million. Even a connox with only 30 million people are given $80 million. So that's like almost three bucks a person that would be 900 million. And that there's your billion from the US right there. But all know, and of course these are the self-proclaimed religionized uppies, the compassionate conservative, that really care about people. They don't give a crap about anything except tax rush for the customer to rich friends. That's all they give a crap about. And carrying on their worldwide hysterical crusade. That's what they do. I remember used the word crusade. None of a sudden people got in the real nervous. But that's what you really meant. And that's why you got that fat ass governor, you're as jet bush over there in Indonesia. Running around, putting on a dog and pony show. They got that. That's their plan. Four years of four more years of W eight years of jet eight years of George P. That's what they're thinking man. The bush dynasty is what they got the mowins and then the well. Yeah, that's right. And then the well could be in their free to free co-for everybody man. So that's the national anthem. There'll be playing things that will better with coke and before ball games. I can't stand coke or cola man. I'll order. I'm not drinking it. Huh? Don't like it. Pepsi is so much better. Yes, it is. Thank you. I'm drinking. Starful. Caffeine free. I wish I had some dices. Hard to find dices now. Caffeine free diet cola. It's a master choice. M.C. Oh boy. Yeah, it's a big vendor. Well, let's see. What does it say here? Comforty of Canada limited Toronto. Well, there it is. So I even subsidizing the coke of whole P.R. Everybody goes, good. It's a check. No. That's the one. This thing. And by the way, you better check the beef before we take it out. There's a closed up package. You can't see what's inside that green meat. 113 and 560 WQM. Bring in the new year with a new car truck from the folks at Armstrong for a homestead. You've been putting off buying anything but don't wait another minute because right now for a limited time, get yourself 0% financing on any of the following. New 0.5 and stock ready for immediate delivery. As skates, free stars, tourists, F super duty, Harley Davidson trucks. And the all new 4F, the 4500. Like I said, if you want more, how about the 1.0. 9% financing that's waiting for an all new 0.5 expeditions, explorers, F 150s and Rangers 2, certain restrictions apply. The lots of Armstrong for the homestead are jam packed and they're cutting prices like crazy, right as I speak. The offer more value to these two because when you buy your afforded Armstrong for it, you'll get their exclusive almost unheard of tires and batteries for life program. That's right. They give you tires and batteries for life. Plus for a limited time or free sun pass too. David Rich and the great staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee the best price and don't forget because they're locally owned and operated. They want to treat you like family so they'll make you a customer for life. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere and know how no way you know bait and switch no full and he deals. Just fantastic, unbeatable deals at Armstrong 4 to homestead. You'll find him at 307 25, South to see highway that's just 20 minutes south of the 36. Check out the web. Armstrong cars, comment and travel a little bit and save thousands on that new Ford. Only at Armstrong 4 to homestead. Armstrong 4 to homestead. Armstrong 4 to homestead. Armstrong 4 to homestead. Our greatest movie is taken unexpected turn for the worst, almost week on puffer father. Monday night, it's merry mubin. Oh my baby Mother! Oh my son! Oh my son! Oh my son! Oh my son! And Tuesday, see the summer version of Star Wars. You are truly the top side. Hmm. Okay. On Wednesday, it's relaxing if you've never seen her before. Look, look, look, look, look, look. There's the night, it's summer, it's version of the Wizard of Oz. There's no place like this. Hey, nothing's happening. I'm cold, not your little 12. Then, just chill. And Friday, I'm sure in the holiday season with Miracle on 34th Street. I'm Santa Claus. Yeah, yeah. I am, I tell you. The shop poppin' under the energize of bunny. Now, how's it, brother? The shop, fairer feet, a light up Santa's nose. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. You, uh, uh, lawyer won't. When you tune in this week, too, whom are there here? Isn't it great here, son of those old ACN bits? Now they have a seat. Love it. They're really work. So in my spare time, which, uh, you know, I got a little bit of that. Uh, I just whip out all those old ACN disks, and I'm like, definitely a thing. I'm double teetering. That's great. It's great. They're getting in there. I got eight Zillion, though, it's because a lot of people listen right now to never heard that stuff from 100 years ago. Like, we certainly will grab, like Josh, uh, Cortister, whatever his name is. 560, 560, pound, 560, only Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. QAM. See? See? Don't let that. Put that key in, plug in. Hey. Put your, uh, I bet you're there. I bet you're there. Put that back, uh, let me put that back on. I'm not putting that back on. Oh, you don't even know what he's going to say when you're right. Right. Or exactly. 560, pound, 560, pound, 560, and Verizon and singular wireless lines. Look at these phones kind of like, uh, fall into a screeching hole here this hour. You're right. I probably should've left him on. WQAM, hello. How about, uh, get lost. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Well, what would it be more appropriate for sports back station than all those receptions? Yeah, he'd be a b dynamite for about two seconds. There you go. Can you play with your broadcasts, fuel would be good. Because you always don't have an anything called leader. You know that. Yeah. Okay. Can you play the food, bowl and Joe show, bowl, Griffin? I guess. Okay. Thanks, Neil. See you. Is that, uh, is there anything, uh, something? Nothing I could think of, but, huh? Oh, you didn't think of that. Is there a line? What do you want? I don't think it's called the bowl and Joe show. I think it's called the Joe. 560, WQAM, Verizon's the Joe and Bo Joe. Starting Joe pastelo and Bo Griffin. It did. Golf I-670560. Mobile users dialed down 560. To next Joe and Bo. Golf Rio 565-019. Now. Here's Joe and Bo. Where the hell did the code advance? The god little rat that I beat to the round piece of meat. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What the hell did you think you did? What did you do? What did you do? What did you throw at me? I played it that. We played it all the time. You're going to say the end. You want to hear no one in doing it. Okay, like I said, tonight was a setup. There was never going to occur with this boy from us. Yeah. Inside it. That was Maddie Bell's boyfriend call. 560560. I just knew I had a feeling there was something in there, which is why I don't play it. I don't like it. I suppose it was really all I'd funny, which is not unless you even know what the story was. It doesn't mean anything. Right. Exactly. Line 9, QAM hello. QAM? QAM? Yes sir. Hey, it's Brian. Rochester. Yeah, Brian, how you doing? Rochester? Yeah, not only do we have judges telling people not to have kids. We got a fairy for sale down here. I know that. There were a lot of furries over there, and on this side of the lake too, man. Well, that's good. Maybe they get all get together, pooled our money, and go out to the middle of the lake. Right. Hey, hey, Kareniel. Okay, you see it down in Bob's if they ever reopen pal. No, that's a bank now. I know it is. They've turned down more corners and put up more banks. I just don't know. I mentioned that Earl's drugs is still there at the 12 corners. No, no, that's long gone. Really? How about connect cleaners? There's a few of those. No, but there's one I'm underweathered right there by the 12 corners. No, that's gone. Oh, geez. We got a very long history right time soon. I'll tell you that. Yeah, well, it's a good place to live. You don't really want to visit here though. During those 10 days of when it's warm right. Okay, I'll see if Cobb's Hill, pal. Okay, thanks, Neil. Bye. Yeah, you can't go back, man. You go back. You just can't do it. It's like Boston. Man, well, I wouldn't Boston nearly 60s for you in a half a while. That's what I got fat. I told you that. Boston was really something. No, I don't know. It's still a fine city, you've been there. I am not. Do you haven't been to Boston? No, like over there. I had a hearing. You'd love Boston. That's what I told. But it's just not like who it used to be. Of course, nothing is like it was. Everything is like based on your personal perspective, depending on how old you were. What was happening in your life at the time? All of these things. It's like Detroit. Oh, God, I remember the first time I was driving my own car on a expressways and Detroit on a large expressway in the Encel Fort expressway. Just, I mean, there's nothing like it. And then, of course, somebody decided it would be a good idea to burn a city down. And quite frankly, since then, ain't been the same. Don't go to Detroit. Don't put that high in your list. All right, scratch it at all. Good. WQN, hello. Yes, sir. How were you, sir? Excellent. Happy whatever. Listen. Jack in the ear. Same to you. How about a lady like Caroline that the ladies are used to work there for a while in the morning? Now, she works over there on part 96, Emily. Oh, well, but that's the same family. Oh, how about a book? The book, the champion is very, very good. Now, he's going to be doing baseball. You just say, you're not listening to me, go. I know what I'm going to be doing baseball. So, does, does, does in more does, does, does, does, does football? One game a week on a weekend. Or listen. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. In the morning, who is going to be there? Who's the janitor, Robert Greaver? What do you mean by that? Hank is going to be doing seven or ten. Oh, man, I think it will work. Yeah, man, it's a goal, but it's going to be doing seven or ten. Before seven, we have no idea. I got a friend, I could be this boy in his radio, which if that's the case, I can get really sick for a couple of months. Well, you can always get from two to four, a very intelligent person, girlfriend, physical, arooka. Oh, Francisco, Arooka, he's got the best show in town. That's a good excellent, uh, a progressive school. Arooka is the best radio show on him. What, what time is he on? I don't know. I don't know. He's from four to five in, yeah, in a station that you used to work all, WLC and that it's only leasing in little class. I was working on WOCN. Yeah, I think you used to work in station and flag it in an 18th street. I'm worried man, building, not on the station though. Well, that building, yeah. Right. Yeah, we had to go there one time in all the water came out of the dorms. I thought it all of our equipment. The 40, my socks. Before he became a two on a station. Yeah. Well, listen, how do you rate the AMA go into the happy Forteau? I'll put a mile. Bye, listen. He obviously had a good new year. Five, six, seven, oh, five. See, I got another idea. Let me toss this one out there. Toss it. I have a feeling that Curtis might be working with Hank and more. I don't know who's going to be with Hank. But if not, how's this? Mad dog, two to six with Curtis. I don't know what to mean. I'm sorry. Curtis, two to four. I had to solve the nail bound. I doubt it. Now, Curtis, two to four. And then with the Mad Dog, two to six, and then Mad Dog, so low, six to seven. You follow, right? Yeah. I mean, Mad Dog can do that six to seven hour without a sidekick. Right? Yeah, but what do you want to? He's doing four to seven anyway. What do you want to do it alone? Yeah. Well, I'm not that type of thing. You'll have to find out if he does it alone. I'm not saying to me, you'll run your ass. I'm looser than him. That's not my 60. You can't. The end of the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Yeah. When the sex is born today, it's all something. Like the wings just like a little bit. And the sick, miss both of the things because he's having sick. But guess what? He's all juiced up for all. Two to eight. The first and most of that result would be y'all beat. But why you went the back major? The name of the tree. The chance he can't play, but all of the TNC could save his works. Ah! These all juiced up for all. Two to eight. Well, Jason, play, Z never used the stuff of all his sex. Say, you did it's complexity was wrong. Well, it looks like a fun, fun, fun, fun. And runs, but she only benefits to you. We're very far. To those who didn't get a role on the throne. Just get a special result of the net-down at Bellcode. When he makes way we get as a neon go, because as of what? Five. He's all juiced up for all. Two to eight. In my sense, you didn't read our brains. Jason, in y'all beat you look. There raised that stuff on, said y'all thought it's that change. You're gonna find, I don't know what other fun is to find. Well, as sense, you've evolved in it as something. That in ways to like a moment of jing. Miss most of the season, because he said he's sick, but gets one. Right now he's all juiced up for all. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. He's all juiced up. One thirty and five six, you've got to be a mad dog at two. Four today, anyway. Five hundred and fourteen votes. We're trying to find out your choice. Would you like to see in that two to four-slop? A mad dog moves up to four to seven next Monday and. Jeff, the fourth, hundred and forty-one. I guess that's what it's gonna be, huh? If I were a fireware, a betting man. Default. You think? Yeah. How come I don't hear anybody? We hear you? Is there some special reason for that? Check it out. Oh, there you go. Wow. Somebody's got something. What do we write now? Now we have a way. Between us. I hear that one. Somebody's got to try trying. Because Josh, I'll show you a first order of the room. No, I think I hit something. Oh, oh. Wait a minute. How's this possible? You're going to be fine, right? Right? Am I hearing you fine? Yeah, I'm fine. You're going to try this. Try it. There's no. Can we do it? Do you want to play a spy? Don't play a spy. I won't. If you see a spy, don't be all alone. How's that sound? Sorry. Okay. I don't know. Sorry? Sorry. Sorry. Why is that? I don't know. Wait a minute. How about now? Hello. There it is. How about now? Hello hello. Yeah, there's an echo. There's no echo. There's no echo. That was what the season echo. It is an echo echo echo echo echo. Yeah, and how about now echo echo? That's still what I want echo. I think I must have hit something on myself over here. Still I look like a way. It's still echoing. Yes. I am I am. Oh, you are are you not echoing on the ear? Oh, are you? How would I know? I don't know. I mean let me try this. Yes. Yes. Apparently I got a way over here. How about now? Hello. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And how about now? Can you hear me now? No. No, I don't know. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I can't do with this. Okay. Maybe you just go to show up. Bye. No, no, see you're the man. The car is going to echo too. I did something here on a board. I hit something. Right. Right. The only problem is I have no idea which one of his. I've heard. Yeah. Turned on. Yeah. Program on the front turn. Right. Well, I'm trying to turn that off. Now how's this? You sometimes. Do you hear me? But now I can't hear you. Turned on. I'm trying to turn the program on. I'm just ignoring. There should only be one question. You're returning to the station. Is he the program? Where are you? It's a program. Is what it should be. Okay. And how about now is the echo gone? Hello. Hello. Yes. No. No. The echo is not gone. No. Well, that's what's pressed. Program out. Right. Right. Is I did still in? Yeah. Well, what are we doing this on here? It's called some fantastic time. Why do you have to do it? Yeah. Well, what else can I push here? I'm going to push this. That's seriously. What else could I do? Obviously, I hit something. Is that you? Yeah. How to take it. Well, let's just come to our way a while. We only got 25 minutes. And then, although I'll be out here to a clock right sheriff. So don't worry about that. I will worry about it in the morning. Right. Right. See, I don't hear your echo. I hear everything sounds exactly the same to me. Just like normal. Okay. Let me try this. How's that sound? Hello. Hello. Echo echo echo. See, you couldn't hear them because I have to put it back on program. How do I mind if I'm painting three buttons all at the same time? I think they're a groundless. Yeah. I think they're a groundless. And we're let's take it call or two because they're going to also be echoing. I think it's going to be pretty exciting radio. WQAM. Hello. That's going to come down the street. Two or two or one. Echo echo. That's a good idea. Not bad. Thanks, Bally. Good idea. All the echoes all the time. How do that sound? Really echoing? Oh, yeah. Well, then what's going on over here? What happened? What did I do? It's my fault. I'll take the blame for this one. I hit something. Now on the QAM pot on the return pot. Mm-hmm. I have pressed down. Is there an engineering kind of high person or do you just notice? I'd like to see what we have to say instead of right here to hear you. Okay. So on a QAM return pot, there are two buttons there. Programmin audio. Yeah. Programmin. Uh-huh. Deacute program. The activate program. Deacute program. And what about my name? That's not going to work. And activate audio. Because now I can hear you. Okay. Okay. I did. What? No, we're going to try both ways. See their program. We're all going to need it, not both. Okay. That's audition is on the hear me. I hear you. You see that's obviously not the one. Because you're really, I'm not about not hear me now. I'm about on your part. You're worried about your pot. Now worry about my pot. Okay. I got to go. Now what about on my pot? No, no, no, no. It shouldn't happen if you're going to do it with it. Well, they're both pressed down now. Is that wrong? I thought they shouldn't both. Huh? That's wrong. Okay. Audition is pressed up. Now you can hear me and I can hear you. There should be no problem. Then you come whatsoever now. Right. Right. Except for that I got echo. There is still the echo. Sure. Sure. Where is that? Damn echo coming from. Damn it. This is going to grab us all nuts. Do we have an engineer in the building? I'm sorry. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. No one's flying in the building. No, I see. All day is gone from a library. Three. Yeah. I don't have nothing else left to push. You know. Well, I do have this. I could put the TV on. Yeah. But hotel operators say there. How does that turn? Clean up my hotel already begun. So there was anything from here is not echoing. Is that what you're saying? That is correct. That is correct. That is correct. That is correct. That is correct. That is correct. I work on it. There's nothing else for me to push here, man. Everything else is double-duty push down. Every other pod. The ECS has double-buff. And they have nothing to do with this anyway. No, we don't have to turn. No, we don't have to turn. No, we don't have to turn. No, no, no. Okay. Okay. Now you have to answer the questions in there. No, we didn't. Don't have to at least until the end of the day. That's the answer. We all do all that. Right. Well, there what could have possibly been man? I don't know. I think there's something. I could just cut you off altogether. Go for it. Okay. How's that? I can't hear a thing you're saying because I closed your pod. That's probably not a good idea. Do-do-do-do-do-do. Uh-uh. He was just saying you got to do your duty. Do your best to be right. Been a good boy scout. That's what he was saying. Something about doing your duty. Maybe he's kind of like a kid that subsists with toilets that he or kid. Okay. Now that said on the other hand. The cause you're telling me are also echoing. I don't think I'm going from back from that end. Is echoing on. Right. Well, I don't know why that should be because there's only-there's nothing else to push here. You see what I'm saying? I don't do. Look at your board. Okay. See what that's called. So we're doing our legendary here. I'm going to go the rhythm. Look at your board. Okay. Are you looking? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All of the pots, the CDs, the VCS, all of these, and two buttons on top. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Then we get to the return pot. It's like WM on top. There are two buttons. Correct. One says out program that's punched down right now. The other one says audition. That's the only button on the board. That's in the up position. Not put. That's the way it should be. Okay. And then the right hand pot has nothing to do with any of this because that's for the TV and the orchestra. That's totally screened. So there's absolutely nothing here that should be affecting anything different. Then what it was before. You see what I'm saying? So it's on your end. But we don't reach it over here. Let me try this. Suppose, I'll after you would during the break. What I'll do is I'll re, as, and the only, it's got to be on the phone line, doesn't it? Maybe. Maybe. What was that? What if the break? What if the break? What should I do? The breaks are coming out. They're going to echo. No, no, no. You're part of it. I'm not on the break. I'm sure we're not going to do it. Right. Your share to pot off. What I'll do is I'll reset the telos. Okay. So we come back and we need to kill some more. It's a mortgage time this way. I'm not on the break. That's delusion. Why do you want to see me? Why do you want to see me? You think? They're old. They're the California proves. So when you're getting old and clean. And your times to pay it every day. Give us some relief. And that's the show. And so for you. We got the joke. Just eat some more bars. See the celebrity. And then flush your eyes away. Don't you want that they win? Go then they pay the steam. Never have your solicitor pay the steam. If it's like she's nice but it's don't wait fast. Just eat some food. You smell real black. I'm the body again. I'm the body again. You hear us all the money. You pay the steam. I'm the body. California proves. What a weird girl. Okay, 142. Let's try this experiment. Now, how's this sound? Hello. I'm still at how do you go? What is it? I'm still at the how do you go? I think we got to do the studio. Well, it's definitely on your end. What would I have to do with anything that's coming out of your studio? The... The... The... The... The... The... The... It's inside. How about now? Hello? Hello? Still like going? Yeah, yeah. Maybe we hit call call back to somebody. Yeah. Well, for the three, I mean, I think we went and take our way to the MVR this way. And in the morning he has somebody stand by and see if we can fix this all up. And if not, we're just going. All right. Right. I'm home, too. I mean, I don't see... There's nothing else that I can do here. Okay. There's absolutely nothing else that I can do technically. I said, we said the tell us, nothing, everything is back fine away, it was on this end. And it's again as usual on your end. A Q order. So you're like, we're dealing with it. Right. You could have it. It would tell me. You could have it. I could have it. Right. You could have it. Wait me by that. There's Q on that one. Right. You have about five to five. Chloe's. Am I going to hear you? Let's see. Let me try now. Hello. Yeah, I hear you. In Q. Yes. And are you echoing still? No. Just what's coming through your microphone. No. Right. And now if I put it back like that, then you're still like we're in. Hello. Yeah. So as in this, it's in this pot. It's pot. Oh no. Now, I know what's happening. We're going to have like a technical nightmare on this end on this pot. Are we? I'm sure it's already simple. You got it back on. I have work back on that pot. Yes. Okay. And you're still like we're in? Yeah. Let me bang in a couple of times. Let me smash it with a hammer, ball peen hammer. And now. Hello. I'm going to say that. Yeah. Anyway, here's the facts from somebody who says the cost, the US military operations in Iraq is currently about $4.4 billion a month. This is not included. The eventual cost of rebuilding all the stuff we've blown up assuming we do. So other costs, such as Iraq related intelligence operations, etc. Also not included either in the $4.4 billion a month. So our generous $250 billion pledge for its tsunami aid adds up to about $250 billion. $250 million. $250 million. $1.5 million. $1.5 million. And as up to about two and a half days of our rack military operational loan. I think this tells you I need to know about the current Bolshevik and Chief in his cronies. So they got $350 billion. $350 billion. So if there's somebody in there not working feverishly on this or not. No. No. Okay. So let me try that deal again. I'm going to put you on cue. Yeah. Hello. There they go. All that. And something. Now I hear myself echoing back through this. Oh, they hurt. Because no. A little bit. Maybe that's just my imagination. Maybe we're all going crazy. That could be it. I like it better back this way. Because at least to myself I sound okay. And you sound all right up here too. It's just that when it returns back to you it's all screwed up. Right. Right. Let me try this. And let me try banging a couple of these here like that and how about now? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh damn. And what about when they call it I put on here that car to there. Yeah. Yeah. So see how about. Huh? So does the boss. That we can wait on here. So does the spot. But I think he's on the spot. Right. Otherwise they wouldn't go to the hospital. So it's going to return here. Right. Oh boy. Well, that are not did over there. I'm going to bang it a little bit. How's that? Yeah. Someone to Q and take a look. Hello. Yes sir. Do you have to let me go with the audition in your head. I don't wear headphones. I have some hair. Okay. You may have not knocked up saying out about the way everyone turns. Not. You may have heard that you don't even know the distance. You may have heard that every thing else you'd be able to record an auto audition. And you see listening to auditions. I'll be there. I'm not sure who's this. I got a call for you. Oh. Not in the auto. In my eye. Well, I got both of them down now. But the problem is if I just had the audition button down on a return pod. But can you leave it in your secret? We're still on the audition. Only that way. You'll be a course of the matter. I've got a wonky of beating back to my eye. That might be what you did. I'll wait a minute. I've got a straight down. Hang on a second. I've got a straight down. I've got a straight down. I've got a straight down. There goes the echo. It's gone. See, I just fixed it. Thank you very much, sir. I'll be right up. I'll be right up. I'll be right up. I'll be right up. Who wants that masked man? Whatever neighbors? No. You know what happened? I do know. The source select. Recently when I moved the schedule around. And I hit the button there for instead of auditioning in, which it's supposed to be on all the time. I hit program. Which I mean, that's a little bit too technical even for me. But in other words, they didn't dissent. It's more worth it supposed to be. Right. So now we're back to where we were. Thank you very much. We have to plan some some kind of process. We've been working. They haven't engineered. Yeah. Over there. But how would he know how this board looks like? Because they're pretty standard. Are they really? They're all sure. They were like, sir. I told you. The audience just earwitness one of the great events in the history of mankind. I'm sure. That's a $7,000 value right there. That broadcast in lesson. God, thank you so much. If I had or like a $1,000 cash lane around square, we'd send you in a small getting technical facts to tell you what to do. Really? That was fun. I would kill them about 15, 20 minutes. I mean, we didn't get a chance to take our usual quota. It was a call. But that was exciting. We could cook something up for tomorrow that would take us an hour to fix. All right. Well, listen. You have no idea what it was because nobody can see what I'm doing here. I can take my scooter. I've learned how to handle it. I can jam on it. It's good. But actually, I could put some elderberry jam on it. And maybe we kind of look it around the edges in the board too. Anyway, how's that pull coming out of you guys? Oh, thank God he called in. I know I screwed up the one thing here. How the hell did I do that? I asked him, I was just because of this damn schedule. But running it on clearance, it's his damn crappy schedule. I got it all screwed up. Your fault, Clarence. You're the fall man. That's what the B said. Who should do two to four on QA? I'm starting next Monday afternoon. 568 votes. That's not too bad. We will get over 600 by two o'clock or we're putting Joe's a ganky on all. 24 or seven. If the four is 150, what else? Default wins by default. Kim Bo-Kamber has passed. What is that? 96. This has got to be a set up deal. Where did he come from? This is at him. What does Fony deals? What do you think? Because he was like nowhere. He was a nowhere man. Curtis Stevenson, who was hanging in there second 86. He's really got the seconds. But the Kimbo thing is a funny. Kimbo's going to do it. He Kimbo. Oh, God. Oh, 61. Who is really rock solid? Oh, more Howard David is 59. In fact, the big always only rock solid between the ears. Mode 59. War in the crow 37. Yeldy is only got 35. Oh, alright. Right on this old partner's ass there. It's going to be a ganky 23. Letting Mark 1013. And try strapped for two. Bro, I don't think I got seven. I think this is exciting. No, we actually went through that whole thing and fixed it. Because this is really, this is the epitome of doing it yourself. Is it? In that studio, the refrigerator, the microwave, which of course I've nothing to do with broadcast, but nevertheless it's survival. There are gifts from listener, the blender, the computer, the TV. Well, they'll take the TV, but again, the original one was a Jeff Cohen. Why else did I buy that sitting in there? I'm just, I'll kind of just throw. I brought in a cabinet that scented candle all my life. What about that printer? The fax machine. I don't remember. They bought that. I bought that. Okay, you bought it. And of course, you're, I got these nice two-dend and CD. The next brand knew we'd done not only purchase, but installed myself personal. So welcome to do it yourself, Radio. Sure, this is a real Roger. I'm gonna have a split, we're gonna have a split. I'm on five, six, six. A QAM. Me on God. From John Faire on the taxi, kind of a set of driver, federal department. You look that mean, so quescalary. I could tell if he wasn't a dog. So I acted out my pop shoe raid and with my arms, the trees I made. No bug speaks English and a mongol. I went down the market, I made a witchware, the weather is nice and shunny. I walked into a liquor store, but a garter, a torsional funer. And a glass and cloth, quite a fortune beam, he's just not the end of what does that mean. That's the butter's teaching wish, and a mongol. That's the toilet, darling. Hell, I think I've been pack of stands. I think English smelly. How are you, can you go back to the lower-end? I can't go back to the lower-end. I can't go back to the lower-end. I came here, and I made a year ago, and I learned my English super hard. I don't say much as grossly as I said pretty much. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're in America now, stop making me scared. You know, butter's teaching English, man! You know, one was playing in, I was in there taking a leak in the other room, in the tea room. And I thought to myself, you know, I can hear it. You know, I got to monitor a lot of stuff, I can hear it in the other room. I thought, well, I just let it run out, and then hear you freak out. Wait, I've been something. Because you have a tendency of like freaking out, one in doubt. Right, I've both these things. Oh, no, no, no, no. So we got that fixed thing. It's really a quite a commentary on this operation that we have a technical problem of, I would say, fairly significant proportion, not life-souriting, but close to it. And we have to get it, we think that it's solved with a phone call from somebody who works obviously through the competition, right? Right? And engineering type or whatever, right? Sure. It was clearly listed in the show, which shows you've got good taste. Number two, thank you very much. Because our engineers, they're busy doing their CS, they're from 10 AM till midnight. That was special. Let's take a couple of good calls in here. And I will make way for the mad dog. Well, I'm sure we'll have lots more. Get it in writing, baby. Let me tell you right now, Mr. Mad dog. Get it in writing. Get it stamped, motorized, sealed, et cetera. Get 40, 50 different copies of it. And then the hump are at Windham Crystal Palace for the sum. Well, we'll find out, you know, I don't want people judging the hump in the morning, Monday morning. Me, you? No. After a week, we'll see how he functions, his bodily functions, all these things. Because when you go from like doing afternoons, especially being the night owl at Hank is and then start getting up five, three more and doing a morning show, that's going to take a while for him to, you know, get his whole body interested, that big fat body of his adjusted, and get it to swing of it. How many years do you think that'll take? Not third man. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. I want me and me and me and me, Rubber Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones. I think they enjoyed it. In fact, I think we've discovered a new format, we may fall into something or I will remember how you did it, right? Oh, yeah, I can do it. Why me do it again? Yeah, yeah, I do. No. No thanks. We'll try tomorrow. And in fact, when you're least expected, what I'll do is I'll re-gig her it. WBQA and hello. What if I have to build Smith? Oh, gosh, y'all might have it up. Why am I? And a dating show. How is Brian Mike doing? Give a life already. Will you sweetheart my god? It's 30 years later and you're still the same piece of third. WQA and hello. Hey, I'm Neil. Yes, sir. I just saw an ESPN mad off-smeyer to contract 2006. On ESPN, right? Yeah, I just saw it. Okay. He's not in the contract two to six. Okay, whatever you say, pal. Well, that would be great when that. I don't know. He's this guy's full of crap. Like ESPN is going to put mad dog beyond QA and ride. But that would be great. That's the answer right there. Six to seven. Forget about it. So here's the facts. Yeah, that's it. I would send a table. We're running out of time. We don't have time. We got like two minutes or two. We're going up before I had a chance to say, have a light day. Glad I could be of assistance in resolving the back hall issue. Happy New Year to both of you. Rob said an APD 101.5 light at home. I'll be damned. Well, thank you. I've sent it with my last station. Right. That is across the street. It's a Rob 41. Thanks a lot Rob. He's the PD. That's what he says at light 105. Well, no matter he's listening to watch, who the hell wants to listen to that crap? I mean, right? It doesn't mean that. It doesn't mean that. Entertainment is live Rob. He wants to hear what's going on in the new Roger show. This is where the people meet and greet and meet and they're all sweet and get beat real bad if they act fast. Especially if they talk bad about Maddie Bill. Well, that's just made the host. What did I tell you before now? Tomorrow I'll be the cut off day. I'm sure this ain't going to last that long. I've been doing this in this town for too long, but it's just been so damn nice for three days. And of course, the anticipation to go back full time next week to 10 to two is kind of a nice thing as well. And I think how he's been, I think it's good that like this morning went to about 10 40. Right. Because we're not to look at the full four hours yet, but a couple of days yesterday and a Monday. We did like starting at about 10 15, one day, 10, 20. So it's like easing like I said about Hank, you have to ease your way back into it. Am I right? Now you did the vacation thing when you had to do it all the way. When you've been doing only like three hours, three hours and 10, 15. It's brutal. It's a piece of cake, but then you've got to go back to the little four hours again. You think, holy crap. All of these three. Right. This is a long freaking shift. I'll all tell you two to six, man. I've done it. Okay. You see, just in case the mad dog might be enticed and do that. Two to six was like just like that. You got all the traffic reports over and in the rupture. Oh yeah. It is a piece of cake. Lots of six. Jim Man, it starts today on 2 a.m. Bye bye.