Sure. Well, you don't have an overhead there like I have in my studio. I don't know. That's an overhead. The overhead speaker that lets you hear yourself into colors. What do you listen to the colors through your headphones? Yeah. Oh, geez. Yeah. It's not good for you. We're very contemporary here. No, you don't want to know. That's not contemporary. It's unhealthy. No. Kind of compresses your head. You know, you've got a fat head. You know, like, flat head. No, a fat head, both. Oh, so having those headphones on a fat head, like kind of compresses, like, like, be like, wearing one of those things where you, to lose weight. You put around your waist and you know, to push on your body. Oh, yeah, those are getting felt. Right. That's the same thing with your head. Maybe your head will lose some weight. Yeah. The incredible shrinking head. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. I, I don't mean actually something that your head will lose weight when you remove your hair piece. And then you see how long did it say? I haven't mentioned one word about my close best personal friend. And there we go again. What made you think I was with how to talk about powdered waves like, Dolly Madison. That's that's sinful. That's disgraceful. Oh, you got to give me credit though. I am bearish to mod of it. I am bearish to these ziggler tosses piece of IOD and then the same with your body, Mo here with that awful must be muskware. He's so weird. That was a good idea. Wow. And then he used to talk about my baggy pants and how to how I looked and how do you leave the house looking that way and more. How do you, how does anybody leave the house with a muskware on their head and more. And so I'd like to know. Forgetting about picking the bingo berries. That's another story. Boy. You got to admit, boy, sure has been a colorful period of time. There's no question about that. Not enjoyable but colorful. Yes. It certainly has been. You have to go a long way to make it to kind of swirl. That's been an, and of course. Yeah. One of the world's biggest BS artists. I kicked our jazz in the arcade. Yeah. I tell you, if a well was a successful as he claims he is, he'd be making 50 million a year. We like right up there with Stern. He said a lot of jobs. The sure has job of the week. I think he's working blessed. I already was in Atlanta. No, no. That's long run. He's been doing fox sports. Whatever. Oh, that's right. He's doing late overnight. Whatever though. They had that Atlanta thing. They changed format. After you got everything. Got the format. He hasn't had what to do in that. No. Not a bad person. Just a little nuts. Yeah. So, but he's not the only one. So, most overrated personalities. Okay. Celebrities. Not personalities. Most overrated celebrities. I mean, we've done this many times like Rosie O'Donnell and Yeah, that's. Rosie and bar people at just disgusting. I have no talent. Bill Mars and other one. I just can't stand him. Yeah. Okay. That's we'll work on that. I'm working on that for. Yeah, I'm just talking about actors and, you know, talk show host. Whatever. Well, what do you mean you're not talking about actor. How can you have celebrities and they're not the actors? Well, there are celebrities who are celebrities because. Whatever reason. Yeah. He's been making a movie. Yeah. I mean, he's like, pulls, please, because you're just not a poll creator. No. How do you do a, how do you order poll like this? Most overrated celebrities who are actors. But 80, six week is they're making a movie about you know who she is? I have no idea. She was, she was a person who hung out with Andy Warhol. She was part of the session. How did you want that to make a soup can? Making a movie, yeah, of her life. She was like, well, how about him? What the hell was he? Yeah. Hey, Andy. You're fair. Other than that. Let me have break. That's part of that whole sued culture, you know. Exactly. Well, we're just not intellectual enough to understand that. That's way over our heads. This is correct. So, the guys like Ernest Timmingway, they used to hang out in the bar, you know, all their whole life. Every waking moment where like their liver was just a petrifying by the second. They would understand any Warhols art. We're just, we're just old Zeus lobs, hang out at the track. Yep. Trying to catch a bet. Trying to get that slot machine to ring a ding ding. Well, it's a story on that. We heard any more about that or what's the deal? May 1st. May 1st. What? slot machines. Where? There'll be an old war at all four. Well, I'll be there. I might just have to make this summertime visit to Pompano Park, you know. I think some of them are trying to get it done earlier, but I know that's what streams target date is. By the way, they changed the name of Hollywood Dogtrak. Yeah, Hollywood Dogging, the kid and slots or whatever it is. Well, I heard a commercial for it. They don't even mention Hollywood Doggut. They talk about this place. This entertainment complex in Howandale. What's it called, Shai? I forgot. It's a very catchy name, whatever it was. Like festival or something like that. Yeah, it's a very nice place. Yeah, it's a very nice place. Yeah, it's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. It's a very nice place. Well, you have a nice day. Oh, easy for you to say. We'll see if we can, oh, that's streaming is up. Oh, my God, we're streaming at the internet. At least it looks like it anywhere. Oh, are we making progress or what? Go talk to stuff, maybe he'll tell you some stuff. Okay, before you leave. I will. I don't want you to be in the dark. Yeah, exactly. Now, I know. You're on. And I know what I want to talk you about tomorrow. Yeah. Because we don't have time today. And that's our stiffy. The sales manager, what you give in that name. Yes. And at the time, I was, because I, you know, I've only seen the guy. I think twice in my life. Like the last time I was there, he went running the other way. He saw me come to the door. But that's, that's a perfect name. Well, he must be very busy today, because we don't have any spots on the air. Yeah, exactly. Well, it's kind of hard to sell when you're not talking to the talent when you don't communicate with him. It's kind of hard to do what being involved in the sales department. He's like back in a little cocoon there. He must have, oh, and I'm going to say this to you, which will be a shock to you of all people. Speak into your suspensions. Yeah. But screw-in aside from the personal stuff, and she was a miserable bitch, but aside from that stuff, she was 100 times the sales manager or whatever that we got now. Even you would have to agree with that. Come on. Screw-in? Screw-in. We had spots on a lot when screw-in was there. You, you might have. Oh. She, uh. Okay, send. Have a great day. Not to the, not have a great day. Okay. I'm interested in the bud. I was going to say something. But don't. Okay. The less said the better. I'm being quiet. Sing a bye. Bye. See you. Just, just, just, just, just tell me what you're problem. You're a great, great, great actor, still allowed. The government is still in your face. They both bend those where I don't belong. So they can eat and drop on you. All you should do is write to go away. They can put a camera in your room. Four fibers wouldn't be surprised. They're both in the grace now. Now you'll know what's everybody's right. To new something I'll write with a pre-embo day white behind. Back home. Okay. To her stuff. But my friend, mom, said it now. Find out my phone calls. Can be a tap. The top of my seat. They can do that. It's a rare thing. Boops are out. They're right up in. She can't do. So, but I'm worried. To have no private life. To do. To do. Ten or four ten. Happy Tuesday to this every twenty seventh of all was nice. Confambulating with muffub briefly this morning. And I guess we got a couple of engineers in there. Right? Yeah. We got a couple of people in this station. A couple of people in it. Not too many. They don't want to overdo it because this is a week for a screw-in-off. And we're making a big transition now. We don't know the transition to what. We're making a transition. I think a format change is in order. Yeah, music. We laugh about it. All right. I'll start from the problem. Music. Here I can go. Go out there and buy all kinds of good crap. The music of your life on WQAM. Nothing like music on AM man sounds like it's having to a sprainer. Oh, and speaking of music obviously a lot of people. I should have probably put that on there on the pool about the satellite radio. What? About people that haven't because of the music. For example, I've got 80 people are going to get serious for Howard. That's Howard Stern, by the way. 9% of the audience is going to subscribe for Stern. So you see right there for that one guy that radio guy that called yesterday give me a lecture about, Howard is not going to be happy. Yeah. 100 million year will keep me pretty happy for a while anyway. Wither without the ego. Anyway, it's already time for a break. 10-15 a QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16 a. And now it's time for our longest investigation. It's from Hank or Bug. Any right? Please play the air that I breathe. And dedicate it to my Kim Bass and your blow up doll. In theaters now, from the director of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. What's the next phone of the sound? It's George Bush and the Goblet of Fire. How's the moments you've all been waiting for? Rarely is the question asked. Is our children learning no more questions. So not any more questions. But sort of the finest note of which craft and wizardry in the world. And you'll be under the finest headmaster that Hogwarts has ever seen. But I can't learn. There's an old saying in Tennessee. I know a syntax probably in Tennessee. There's just only one. Shame on you. To fool me. Can't get fool again. That was bloody brave. Then again, I don't have a lot of intelligence. George Bush and the Goblet of Fire. Well, maybe I need to learn a communicate better. Good-bye. The 20 past 10. We could only wish. It's, you know, the crossover is yesterday and today. Maybe I'm off my feed because I'm recuperating for my trip. What about him? This is a week, very week. Hank and me, very week. And those are all the deposits that dead air. We just, that's because the whole place is in limbo now. So there's not too much to talk about. Right. You think that's got to be? It's got to be it. Good-bye. The lot of those takes me to it's by the way. They just coasted in here. We've got it out of first gear last night. You're a little on by the Jets. I beg of pardon? I said, I sure hope so. You hope so. I sure hope so. Well, the dolphins didn't coast on by the Jets. They had a struggle to pull out of their ass right at the end of the game. There would disage Drew Rosenhausfeld's cramps. Yeah. Well, that's how that goes. Yeah. Well, that's the dolphins. What's your take on? The Humper gave us a show today. It doesn't even realize it. Thanks Humper. Even though we've done that pull them in times. But we, I think we always did it about all time overrated celebrities. And we pretty sure. Yes. Who is today's most overrated celebrity? Which would eliminate some people like somebody old like, Rosie O'Donnell. She's not on anymore. She's, well, she's on somebody. But she's on another dyke. You know what I'm saying? No. No. No. Today's most overrated celebrity. Yeah. Yeah. People who are popular today who are either on TV or movies who are like, I'll big Valley who and they suck. Yeah. And I know I heard Hank talking about at this morning. He was saying, uh, he didn't think Jessica Simpson was pretty or Terri. Terri, I agree with you. Hank. Jessica Simpson is good looking, but she's. Oh, I didn't think he had the talent and no singing department. Well, let's put around there. I'm building my list. We have a building full today. I'm going to talk about that in the morning. Have a good burn. I heard Hank talking about that in the morning. Well, that's good. You were listening. That's very good. Good deal. What's your take on subscription radio is our full today. By the way, the sales manager, I just might do a whole week of shows on him. I don't even know him. You know, Curtis. What is his name? Curtis, uh, raven? Oh, seriously. What is his name? That's what it is. This is name. Curtis Raymond. Yeah. I didn't even know that. I'll be damned. Is that Curtis Raymond Burr? That's it. You're fair. Oh. What's your take on subscription radio? 914 votes. I'd never pay for radio 383, 42%. I'm considering subscribing 213, 23.3%. I've got, uh, serious. 129. Get serious. 129. We'll get serious for Howard Stern 88. That's almost 10% of the audiences in the subscriber series. So they can hear the Stern show. Uh, I've got XM 79. No bacon, by the way. I got paper towels, but no bacon. Oh, no. I guess probably I did the wrong thing. And there was in the wrong order. Yeah. Well, at least I got half the deal done. But then I wasn't all that crazy about going out because there was all these shootings going on. And it's just not a good idea. Dark punks with guns. What I've told you for years. Bad combination. Okay. Dark punks with guns. Six people shot. Uh, I got XM 79. So, um, serious 131 is way ahead with our crowd. Head XM and dropped it 15. Head serious and dropped it only 7. And those two categories there. Uh, people have by cars that already have it in there. It's kind of a trial deal. Yeah. I did an important job. So that's not too many though. Uh, people that had it and dropped it. How much are regular way do you want to drop that? Try it. Give it a shot. If it doesn't work the first time, just keep dropping it and dropping until it's in the next. And little pieces. Another American soldier dead in Baghdad and on top of that. Two US pilots were killed in the helicopter crash in West Baghdad last night. But there was no hostile fire involved. It was an accident and somebody got hurt. And just like to get to this wreck business out of the way in the beginning. Cause all we're fine every day just get out of the way. And the things are fantastic. Cause everybody else seems to be forgetting about the fact that we're there based on a pack of lies. And all these people are dead and dying because, uh, Oh, well, we're building democracy in another country. There were nation building is that what it is. That's the excuse to do sure now. Yes, it is. As opposed to the original thing with a weapon to mass destruction and their dangerous. They're going to attack us and he wants to build the nuclear weapons and he stole a freight train. Violence increased across Iraq after a law following the elections, where at least 2,000 people including another US soldier killed yesterday and shooting in bombings. Mostly targeting the Shiite dominated security services. The Shiite officials blamed the Shiite's influence on insurgent efforts to deepen the political turmoil surrounding the contested vote. And a part of the history of the military. Civil war is basically what's going on here, but we don't want to talk about that. Also, just a couple of things. The serial rapes us back to accused of terrorizing two neighborhoods, smiled as police officers escorted in back to jail yesterday. Today, oh, this is today. We can't forget to be escaped by climbing through event and raffling down the building using bedsheets. It was raffling on it. Give her an at raffle music. Yeah. They got it down the hall. That raffling music. A tip led detective is that's unfortunate. Tip led detective, Surrey, and although he lies, Repolo, over he was a Repoloing down the building. Who was arrested about 10 o'clock last night outside of video, Surrey and Southwest Miami said, Amis Rollhaus Jr. F. The L.E. Special Agent in charge. Amis Rollhaus Jr. Yeah. He achieved his mustache and told officers who chased him down that he was a homeless guy from Nick Aragua that he was worried about immigration detective. Alcides Bella has said, I want to be kind to Joseviles Jr. He was right. He was right. Amis Lee has not direction. Repolo 34 escaped December 20 as he waited to February trial on felony council. Sexual badwin other charges that could send him to prison for life. We can only hope he's accused of sexually assaulting seven women and girls ranging from 11 to 79, he forced him to arrest him. And he just got out. Happens to the best of him. And speaking of slime, former Major League pitcher Jeff Reardon was charged with the jewelry store robbery and held pending a bond hearing today in Palm Beach Gardens. The 50 year old Verdon walked into Hamilton Jewels at the Gardens Mall on Monday and headed in Employee and notes saying he had a gun in the store as being robbed, a window Palm Beach Gardens police. What I tell you about slime balls with gun. Reardon fled the store and understores him on a cash, police found him at a nearby restaurant. Recovered the stolen money and should be what maybe he just had to get some money for a meal. You know, could I? With arm robbery. The four-time all-star was 73 and 77 with 365 seven saves and 3.6-thene ERA and 16 seasons with the Metz expo's twins Red Sox Braves since in any reds and the jankies. Jeff Reardon fallen hard times. Let's take a picture for him. What do you say? I'm all set. All right. Let's get somebody out there. Let's take Miguel. All right. He's probably not there this week. He's also on a busman's holiday. Yeah. Haven't seen him. No. Once we'll see much about fat boy here, and materialize it all or not. Who? No. Haven't seen him. Thank boy. I'm dying all the hair. I'll be damned. Maybe he died. We just haven't got the message yet. Ooh. Twenty seven past ten at five, 60 WQA. I've been telling you by drug concepts for a long time. They're the best in the world where it comes to making your carpets no matter how much you look right now. Look brand new. And with the holiday season here, it's time to make the call to have your home completely sanitized and I'm not just talking about the carpets either. Broadconcepts also specialize in a post-reclining, leather cleaning, drip-reclining, a renal-run cleaning water damage restoration pedal treatments, mattress cleaning, earword of those dust mites, and much much more. And during this month during December, Broadconcepts has got a special offer for it. They'll keep you sleeping like a baby. No matter how clean your home is, it's almost impossible to give rid of those nasty little dust mites. And you also know that dust mites are the number one cause of the disease. And you're going to have to find the best way to get rid of those dust mites today by calling dry concepts. Don't forget whether it's your carpeting or post-reloat or furniture drapey or in a rug for this month's special dust mites cleaning. The only company you need to be thinking about is dry concepts. And they brought in the palm veges column tol free and tell them that Curtis Raymond Burr told you to call. That's 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Or get more info on their website, www.dragconcepts.com, the best in the universe. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-18. Then the streets. It's the eye can drive like Rick Sanchez for game. It's a real life-action adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board. Start begins at Concession Strain A of Joe Harvey Stovie. Where each contest has to drink himself to oblivion. They were against the highest blood alcohol level first. It goes on to level maybe two. They're going to be in the right way. They run down the desk and the hall has home section of the game. They're a three-four game police department. And you can have us come up with a different view to go on a good news license. They're off to the Bible or it doesn't board games. Higher in a journey. Go in, of course. And whoever gets off with the easiest sentence wins. It's ours who's gone for the whole time. The eye can drive like Rick Sanchez for game. That's what we should do. That's what he wanted. I just noticed I got a very urgent story here in the bottom of line of this. This is bad. It's missing. And anyway, mind me being a Miramar based. Vibes Radio has been choked on for operating without an FCC license. But hopes to return to Caribbean program to their ways in the near future. You know, you people out there with your parrot radio stations. You need mental health. Okay, there's something basically wrong with this whole concept. Well, I'm just going to start a radio station for my hood, you know. Yeah. Although the FCC called the Vibes Radio Apparel Operation, it never acted one like one says, Durand Simon writes in a hero. Instead of a client-distan operation, tucked away in a back alley apartment head of website and a Miramar Orphus. From those five years, Vibes DJs broadcast music, community service announcements and commentary and Caribbean politics and immigration issues. But the FDLE shut down the popular Caribbean team station in October, vending it for operating without an FCC license. Oh, Bob, we don't need no FCC license. We're just going to go on here and play radio. I mean, look at QA and we don't kind of know FCC license. We're playing radio, kind of. Right? Right? So it goes to Shoya. Vibes representatives said they hoped to return their ways and wouldn't broadcast until they have a license. I see. It's like the community has lost their list of Iranian Francis 41. We're playing Francis 41 of Miramar, probably Kinder are lean Francis. Now they don't know what's going on around them. Well, open window and look outside. You'll see what's going on around. Y'all kinds of fun stuff. Vibes offered him music and news from Jamaica, a man and other parts of the Caribbean Francis said. The family has hooked on shows like Point Blank at two hour talk show. And the Sunday Rice and Tees, they taprated old school music show. He said, oh, they were playing at old school style. They were kicking it, uh, old illegal style. They give you more than music they inform your friends to say, when I listen to Vibes, it's like I'm right in Jamaica, mine. Vibes representatives said they were surprised when the FCC shut them down. How do you like that? Surprise, huh? And then there's a Al Firaan, I guess is the founder of this thing. His company in vibration one construction permits from the FCC. In a 2004 auction for $1.3 million to build two FM stations in Perian Cedar key two north Florida towns. They hooked to least time on a south Florida station for Vibes, applied for license for the north Florida stations, and transferred that signal to south Florida. But in vibration defaulted on a down payment in December 2004 and lost the permit FCC record show. Firaan said the company didn't have the full amount by the deadline paid 70 grand based on advice from their attorney. It was enough to cover the payment for one station Firaan said in vibration is appealing. But the FCC says the station has lost a chance to appeal in vibration alert about 60 grand according to the FCC papers. Pirate stations like Vibes could undergo more scrutiny in the future thank God, a new anti-Pirate C-Log that took effect last summer makes it a third-degree facility to broadcast with adolescents or interfer with signals of license public or commercial stations in Florida. The legislation in power is law enforcement to rest Pirate's and seize their equipment. No one from Vibes was arrested but equipment was seized and a partridge in a fair trade. Many of south Florida's Pirate stations, by the way, are the two of the largest Pirate cars have Caribbean programming on John Jabun, host of south Florida speaks out of South show on WSRF-1580 one of the two Caribbean owned stations in south Florida. So Caribbean people feel their issues are ignored by other radio stations. The Caribbean community is still searching for its voice. Jabun said they're searching for their voice. Well, there it is. So in other words, we'll put our own station on. We'll just do whatever it help we want. We'll stick our own thing on. Grace that. Kind of making up as we go along. Otherwise, if I call during the break and he's still alive. He's still alive. Still here. And he said. His birthday is actually Christmas day. So there you go. I really couldn't care less. Right. I'm the only band that is as he celebrated another one. And by the way, nice job on a copy. The one that is spared on December 16 on his way to Armstrong for right now. Is he really? That's right. Well, I'm sure that's going to do us a hell of a lot of good by the end of the day today. Let's see. Are they running a spot today? Probably not. Yes, they are. Well, he's got an hour and a half to get that all taken care of, which I'm sure he won't. Yeah, this tells the problem. We read, I know the audience probably tears a hear me. Viction, moan and scream about that. And many other things too, but too bad. My show. And it's just, we reach crisis beyond crisis levels with this crowd. It's just, it's pathetic what's going on here. Or what is not going on. And then what you told me yesterday, or what somebody told me, I don't think it was you with somebody sounded like you. Yeah, about people back there and they were not selling because the rates were so high and the station doesn't get anybody any results. I'm sure the people across the street be delighted to hear that. Be sure and buy $790 because QM don't get anybody any results in their rates are like a 50 cent of a hour. It used to be a dollar hour. They couldn't sell that. So now it's more like about 40 cent. About 30 minutes. And a hour. About a 30 for the, I think it's $3 for a dollar. If you want a hour. Oh, a dollar. So let's get back to this pool now because I'm just, I'm in the bag still from my trip. This is the worst I've never had taken me days to like recover. I feel like I'm in a coma. In fact, maybe somebody ought to like disconnect my tube. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Who was today's most overrated celebrity? Somebody who's big now. Very popular now. But we don't know why. Let me put Bill Marr on there too. Okay. Okay. I'm going to make this list. And then I'll pass you to Eric later on. Maybe we're on one o'clock. Because the thing with a satellite deal, I think we've already pretty much, we'll leave that up for a couple hours. Kills from good time. Who is today's most overrated celebrity? Here's what I got so far. Paris Hilton. And she's ugly and she has no talent. But other than that, she's great. We have no idea what she does. Other than that, it's spent a lot of a daddy's money. She's got a nice allowance. Donald Trump. Nice here. Martha Stewart. She bases him fantastic brownies. Howard Stern. Got a lot of people in this crowd. Like Howard a lot. And they will pay to hear him on serious. But there are also a lot of people. I wonder what's the, where's the beef? You know, they have listened and they, they would like to get paid for listening. Jessica Simpson. So, and I was at Hank that said she didn't look all that great. Yeah, Hank doesn't think she's, I don't know, guy don't agree. I think she looks just fine. She's not as pretty as Tom Brady for example. Well, I'd say what? And you sure look good last night. He shaved all that schmutz office face. He looked nice. Nice and clean for the Super Bowl. He's clean enough his act a little bit. What? For the Super Bowl? What are you laughing at? Nothing. They're, they're, they're rounding in the shape now. Although, Timmy Brouske and her last night didn't help any. But they're rounding in the form. In case you haven't noticed, I noticed. And in fact, you should probably have noticed a couple of weeks ago when it played your team. But nevertheless, and Bill Mar, a legend in his own mind. He just, he leaves me so cold and limp and there's so many people out there including this audience. Oh, man. He says all the stuff he rips bush and all and he's like, I, yeah. Whatever. He's just a twerp. How about Terri? Who the hell is Terri? I probably don't know who she is, but she, she's been in the American pie movies. And she has a show on E. I know who that is. Is an REED-Vyzen-Great-R-E-I-D. The separate that, so we wouldn't be confused with Gregory. Right, I'll do that. Who's leaving WQA-M at the end of the year? We're wish him all the best and we hope he leaves very, very fast. Because he did it his way. Don't forget about that. He's doing it his way. And he is doing it his way as opposed to having like a little bit of class. And saying, hey, guess what? Here's what the deal is. And here's the look. Let's keep everybody in the dark, okay? So that tells me because of that fact. That's probably all those rumors that we heard before. It's probably not his choice, you know? Somebody has probably showed him where that door was. And hey, great. Here's the door. See ya. Like that. WQA-M, hello. Not there, I'm lying to. Not a good start. Yesterday was fantastic on the phone. I don't know why. Me either. We may not duplicate that again for a long time. WQA-M, hello. Richard Simmons. Haha. WQA-M, hello. That's who they deal. Yes, sir. I got one for the poll. How bad. Jennifer Lopez. I hit that bitch. Okay, I'll put her on her, but she's like old news. And she's like, what if she do now? She's at least the making some crappy movies. But she's a old news. I'll put her on her. I'll put anybody on her is like a popular now, or at least ten my popular. I guess we could put Ben Affleck on her too, huh? Okay. That works. Is that work for you? Yeah. So many. I mean, I just see these people on them. And of course they're all, all those entertainment shows, you know, ET and inside edition and all. And they're very latest and greatest on the who they're doing and what they're doing. And they wonder, well, who who who really cares? I mean, why would I care about anybody care about that? Why would even those people care about it? I wish I could answer that question. Yeah. But no, nobody can. It's it because we're supposed to the media tells us we're supposed to care about that. And I haven't done it for a long time. That's the new deal with the media. What stories like the chicken and rouba? Oh, you've got to be whipped up into a frenzy about that. She disappeared. Where the hell is that bitch? Don't know. Don't care. Kind of like Jeff Heiz birthday. Well, it was a young decent looking white girl. So, you know, like I see. Suppose it would have been old like old and you're mama. Then we wouldn't have cared so much, I guess. No. We got Moa to the Saturday noon speaking of old. Old Moa. Not as old as I am, but he's getting there. He's in fact he's going to pass me like I'm standing still. Old Moa to Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog. Mad dog is finished up with his hard work for the year. Once he him no mole this year. Hurricanes warm up with seven o'clock. And then they stretch and hadters. I wonder if they're kind of the mad headers. The steps and headers at the Hurricanes basketball. Ninth or ninth or out of a tremendous number of people. Not turned man. Who need you for that crap? And Jesse Agre follows the basketball game until 2 o'clock in the morning. That's just about says it all. This is new Roger. This is 516A. Yes. The holiday season. Everyone loves Christmas carols. But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that. Other big holiday this summer year. That's right. I said until now. Introducing kind of good carols on TV. The carols always find it's my space. They say something new. He's new to it. It's now even your novice. I'm actually carrying on TV. It's like a vehicle. As a gift of hours and hours of holiday music. To get you into the other spirit of the season. On the day. The day of concert. On my mom. Okay. 8 hours. Top with us. 7 slabs of concrete. Just let the lock. 5. It's not a game. If you're tired of the old traditional song. They used to hold the tradition. You'll get tired of almost before you know. You better buy gifts. I'd get them on sale. You know how we ain't to pay me. I'll let the car is coming. True. Kind of cancels on TV. It's not all that they collection. You just can't. It's over. 10. 46 happy to know could all you folks out there celebrating. Lighting the candles and giving the gifts every day into the whole thing with the menorah and the Canohar. We got 995 votes on the pool. Our goal is a thousand. What? Yeah. I think we got a shot of that. Panthers play definitely pretty tough. Last night then lost in the shootout. Damn. Three to two. I'll be there. They had one. One. One. One. And then it was a two. Panthers. And then it was a two. And then the. No no scoring overtime. And they lost in the shootout. And that's just any interest. I did not. Now, would you be going tomorrow for the Bruins game? Yes. To put in a couple hours there, so you can scan. I mean, get a little goose up your. That's right. Your hours. Right. Good. Good. Thinking. And then get there a lot of every for the game. There's there's a team ready for the pickings. The Panthers are to kick their ass tomorrow. The Bruins think. Panthers are to kick their ass. 5. 6. 5. 6. 7. So liberty. These clothes out of these smoke and right now. There's like thousands of people out there that we hear about just I give you another one. How about Sarah Jessica Parker. I agree with that. Totally. She just in every way, not just to appearance, which speaks for itself, but just in every way she grosses me off. I find her an objectionable creature. But it starts with the appearance. I mean, she really looks like a witch. Yeah. But she not. Oh, yeah. I just I. Blurb here for Charlie in the chocolate. Perfect. You know, a big Johnny Depp fan. That way was on my TV on a plane. You know, you have your individual TV in the business class. Yeah. And for some reason, I was watching, I don't know, too much of it. And it was just, I know it's a kids movie, but God, it's just so bad. Yeah. Well, yeah. I didn't see it because it just looked really weird. Well, no, it's not for you. It's a kids movie. It's not for me either. I mean, I liked having to be like Charlie in the chocolate factory or really want you know, back in the day. Yeah. Yeah. This one Charlie in the chocolate factory just looked very strange. Week. Really, week. But, you know, give Johnny another opportunity to play a really goofy looking creature. And that seems to be his main head. Yeah. He likes to play. I mean, he's very good in movies like Donnie Brasko, where he looks like Johnny Depp. And the one about to watch the one and a something at the window that pretty secret window. Secret window. The movie. Have you seen blow? I'm bigger part in. Seriously. Yes, I have seen blow. Okay. That's his best movie. I think we're going to see it blows. Nope. Do you want to do QAM? Hello. Any Neil. Yes sir. Sarah gets a parker. Is a real parker. She leaves me to live. Yeah. How about Bob Barker? How about how Zelivya? Would a smile on your face? Do you want to do QAM? Take her to the hell. Yes sir. This is Neil. This is Neil. Oh, you have to chin up. Yeah. Um, wrestling ball. No, he doesn't get it. Doesn't get it. See, yeah. Look, there's a big segment of this audience. We need to make them happy. Every day we take a poll and the answer would be either George Bush or Wershlimball. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. There's a top point. Wershlimball is not in the middle of a celebrity category. We don't see anything about Wershlimball. Except when he was doing his pill popping and stuff like that. But you know, you don't see him on entertainment tonight inside addition. He's a radio. Not see. Okay. Get with it. Get with it. When you people are going to use some, that's one of the reasons I hate talk radio. Man, I hate it. I despise it. Can't stand it. All the, all the political animals out there. Everything has to be has to come back to the same crap again. Okay. It's the holiday season. I know it's not easy. We got people dying like flies over there in Iraq. But just for once in your life, just to spend all of that crap and just a little bit on the lighter side. Just rip somebody else and ask, you know? Just send your venom in a different direction. You're a venom in South Florida. Besides poor rush. Pop it out of the one rush. That's it. WTQAM. Hello. QAM. A QA4 that change. Go Caribbean. All right. Now we're talking yam on a see answer. And everybody can smoke a big fat one while they're on the air. Run. Roll it up and news paper. Certainly not the Harold. God, would you want smoke anything and a her own thing so. WTQAM. Hello. Neil, I agree with you that. Good. WTQAM. Hello. I love the way he affects that voice to it. Takes like about a half a second and you know who it is. QAM. Who am? Who am? Who am? Who am? Hello. But he's a good. I told you to don't know what the thing here. What? No, I'm like yesterday. I knew that would not happen again any time soon. That happens like baby once. Oh, I have about out of 60 years. Who am? Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, it's big Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Yeah. What's happening? How are you doing, pal? I have to be honest. How are you? I got a name for you. Jeffy Bealies. Jeffy Bealies. That's for the name. Who is it? What do you say? I have no idea. Jeffy Bealies? Yeah, that's it. Jeffy Bealies. That's the name. Okay. That's the name. 560505060. Have a little more. All day, cheer. Come on. Have some of that manage. Kevin's for a Chinooka baby. It's good for you. He'll kill what else you have to you, too. Turn your liver into like a sawdust. WQAM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. When is this? As far as yesterday, poll, I was never pay for radio. Not as long as you're on the radio. And for today, poll, I would probably say somebody like, I can't understand anybody. He just seemed to join our Melissa Rivers. Yeah, they're both around. In fact, I had to miss Fortune because I couldn't sleep at night in Amsterdam. My body clock was all screwed up. So three o'clock in the morning, there's the Larry King show with Joan Rivers sitting and talking about suicide. Oh, God. That was it. That was it. Maybe you want to blow my brains up. And of course, also had Melissa on there with us. Okay. Joan Rivers and Melissa Rivers. Let's put them under individual. Yeah, good picks. Yeah. She had Melissa on there too. And of course, she had our link letter on her who's daughter committed sausages. Melissa Rivers. What an uplifting show for the holidays. A show on suicide. High school on Larry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound 5, 16, Verizon and singular rival, Sons, we got more Howard dated at two. Curtis Stevenson and four. A bunch of hurricane basketball crap after that. And Jesse Agler and 930 were whenever the game ends and you'll find out he's no one of the most important players in the world. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And he's a very important player. And I have no idea, but Lenin Martin has musta have some of those naked pictures of Greg and a Billy goat. And it got to be. Because Lenin, now Lenin's a good guy. He's one of the really good people around the building. Yes, yes. But he just don't belong on here. That's all. Can you look to really cross me? QAM. You can't speak. WQAM, hello. I want to play some jingles. WQAM, hello. Hey, man. How about Dr. Phil, the his protege, over Wimfree. His protege. Okay. I guess, Oprah's, she's still on. I don't ask me why I'll put that bitch on her too. And Dr. Phil, now there is some real swill Dr. Phil. See, he's another one at this audience would like to have on her report. But in this case, rightfully so. One of the biggest frauds, one of the biggest con artists. And then he writes a book about dieting and he happens to be fat. But other than that, even he's got a fat head like Hank. Dr. Phil's got a fat head. You know what I said? I did. The bad part about it here is that CFC and CFCONus, which is the best local channel for news. I watched them every night religiously at six o'clock. Right before their newscast is Dr. Phil. So I try to make, I try to time it so that they're in the last commercial before. In other words, he doesn't come back on because I just don't want to see him runes by day. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. I get Neil. You were talking a little bit about, uh, both. About bull. That's the top of the bull. Oh, oh. I was wondering when you thought they wouldn't be as good a worker. I was waiting to see what I would go about bull. You know, a little bull people. Okay, take a peek at this. WQAM, hello. What about those CUNYMX times on the view? No. WQAM, hello. No. Perfect name for your poll Tom. Tom, true. Is overrated, uh, screamer. And Tom, Hank. Is he still around? I guess. I think he's still alive. I'm not sure. He's alive. Okay, Tom, how are you? He's alive. He's alive. Oh, that's right. He's one of those goose steppers. Yes, he is. Okay. That's a Philadelphia. And also goose steps. Thank you, pal. Yeah, that's right. Very hard to figure that out. Kind of like a Robert Gruper, you know. Well, those self-hating deals. Oh, is this life great two minutes? Is that what I'm seeing? Yeah, but I made it three. Oh. Because the first two minutes are trade outs. This is going to be an all trade outs sweep coming up. Yes, it is. Okay. All trade outs in his break okay. Mark it down. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, this is five sixty two eight. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Any questions? This is some stations. Look if you can. Some stations. Look if you can. But another station. Because this station is going to give you a chance to redeem the sins of all man. Guys, that's right. We're going to crucify you. Neil, you did a grunt. Being a big hero. Our Jerome Rune, Jim, even have a little magnetic dash towards that you made in your image. Just be the head color. When you hear this letter. And we'll set a bunch of angry Romans to drag you out. Cut you up and nail you down. If you've got a hammer and nail, we'll put you up for the night. This station accepts no responsibility for we know not what we do. We're deemed a sins of all man. Guys, it's crucify. He's listening for your chance to redeem it. Why sure like that. This station accepts no responsibility for we know not what we do. I can say is a man to that. 137 votes are goal was a thousand. So we're going to wait over the top. We're going to have one killed in six loaded in Canadian shootings. Three. Search crazy. They just kind of like soft right over that. Who cares about those Canadians anyway? You idiots on CNN. Hope you all croak. Once you take on subscription radio, we ask thousand and thirty seven votes. This is our, this is a current poll. I'm not going to be confused with Tomar's poll. And then the one for our Thursday. I'd never pay for radio for 1939. I don't blame you. 42.3 percent. I wouldn't either. The crap that's on who'd have to pay for radio. I'm considering subscribing to it in 35. I've got serious 150. 14 and half percent of the audience are serious. Well, get serious for how it's for 98. That's a little over nine percent. I've got a 792. That's 8.8 percent. That's how I guess is for redneck truck drivers. What it's really basically for? Yeah, I don't know about that. Did you know that? Well, that's what Joe Costello told me. He had a no-one. Worst for XM. Well, he does the NASCAR. That's why they didn't want me on there is because all they just couldn't imagine and truck drivers. Listen, that, they have a faggot knee or Rogers on the air. Oh my God. We don't want to aim my XM. We don't want to know some of you faggot like that for money or whatever the hell he is. Yeah, I'm telling you. That was the a-mine named got tossed around there too. Oh no, no, we don't want that. M-doll-boi's ain't got a con to that crap. So 92 with XM, 150 with serious. You see that almost double. I had XM and drafted 16. I had serious and drafted 7, so more than double. So XM sucks and serious, I guess it was worth it. The court of these even though serious is a got only like they're less than half the subscribers so far. But when you consider that over 9% of this audience says they're going to get serious when Stern goes on there, which they've got a serious pretty soon because he's going on January 9th is it? Yes. How do I know that? If I see it like how many thousand times in less couple of ways it's kind of like a greened mine ever show that you turn on. Right. Yeah, that's right. Even on the cartoons on a kitty channel, even on Nickelodeon, even on the oldies shows, there he is. There's Howard. The King of all hype make no mistake about it. How many QAM hello? I don't know how I say. But he goes here. All right. Hey listen to him. People need to get serious and get over the first paying for serious radio. I think a lot of people are just curious to hear what Howard's farm is going to scream out or say on the mic. More than actually being serious about listening to the radio. About for your poll. Yeah. The gentleman or lady, whatever you want to call it. Kevin, does that mean that's on attached to beneath spirit? Do you know what I mean? Kevin said her line. But he, yeah, what I'm saying, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. I understand that but he's the guy. Well, if you understand that, the poll question was, who was today's most overrated celebrity? So when he says I understand that, but he, right, though, I mean they've made him. Okay. I mean, that's totally disagree with because it's the holidays and because I'm like still recovering from my ill-fated trip. Kevin said a line. All he's done knocked up a couple girls and he's not a celebrity though, but I guess I know celebrity shows he's a celebrity. And I guess maybe that's exactly. Like I said, I apologize to the call or you got your thumb right on a baby. I mean if Josh agrees with how am I. What do I know? And old told like me, what do I know about Kevin said a line of an ugly and schmutzie and grow test? And she's sure ought to be doing a lot better than that. Oh, man. She could be doing anybody in course for all we know maybe she is. You know what I'm saying? Maybe it's not his baby. That's correct. She could be doing any guy that she wanted to be doing any chip that she wanted. She could be doing like anything a line, any animal. Trees, plants. I'm actually, since they're, I guess they're split up. I'm sending in my resume because I thought you were offered her so to speak. I thought that's okay. I'm pretty in there for you. I'll be there for the kids. I'll be there for the kids. I'll be those medic guards. You and George have been peddling for a long time now. Sounds like star graves to me. Now that he's out of the picture, I'll send everybody else once back in. So to speak. Line 9, Josh is favored. QAM hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Three. Yeah, I know you were. Listen, I want to know if anybody has ever seen Tom Aswell. And Christian, Amon, poor in the same frame. I think it's the same way. And double dates over there. Tom Aswell. He's at MFBC's over in Baghdad. I have no idea who that is. Tom Aswell. He looks just like Christian and Amon, though. I mean, it's the same guy. Maybe she's like double-dipping. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Listen, um, three or four. Yes, sir. Aaron's daughter. What's the whole day in Tory's? Yes. Oh, no. How are you doing? My dad. Okay. I thought you were so very nicely. Yes. One shameless request. In closing, yes. In closing. Um. Quices goes back to when the bird was around. And I asked you, I think about a year or so ago. I don't know if he even played it because I was a rapper to her. But it was a talk up with Rick and Tiki. I think he was drunk or something. I wasn't him. It wasn't him. It was somebody that, uh, it was a guy that sounded like him. That was doing a take off on him. Oh, I got it. It sounded like a character somewhere. Yeah, but you wouldn't bird laugh your butt. Right. Really funny. No, not. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? And if I did, I wouldn't know what would be under anyway. You got it on a character. Were you never find it? Plus you're not in a room anyway, are you? No. I can go in there. But, yeah. No. No. I'm not sure if I can find it just they were your are and, you know, the good news is that we actually had. I got a log here today. There's nothing on it. I can trade out spots. We said they were going to log. And Josh was able to give it to the student our studio. And we got to were streaming it. Now, we actually streamed our edges. Yeah, we really are. It's. We are streaming today. Hallelujah. It's. It's a bus. Yeah. We really are. We are streaming today. Hallelujah. It's people we apologize for Friday. And yesterday, we were all screwed up in a linge in here. Because everybody's taken off. It's a bus mentality. So, you see, I don't like that when people come in and break people to show and tell me stuff. And I don't want to say anything about that. I don't like that. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? It's just, I don't like that. I don't like having to like, there's nothing really big top secret about that. But not way till next week, you know. I'll wait till the coast is clear. But with a certain people, everything is always. Everything is always like a big secret. And you've got to go out of the room or Georgia's. It's just, ah, I can't deal with it. No, no, no. Grow up, you people. Will you please? Grow up. And by the way, it's been nice knowing you. Tough. WDQAM, hello. Yes, never, under? Speaking. Hey, how you doing? I got one for your poll. How about Bono for you, too? He's annoying. Oh, god. Am I a parrot of his crap man? Is this guy's going to save the universe? You know, he's going to save the whole world? Yeah, he thinks he's due to this. Exactly. And he looks a little like him too. Now that you mentioned it. Thanks for not, pal. No, for. Oh, okay. Bono. He's just, uh, YouTube. He's not what, uh, what's the name said? Julius Caesar, YouTube bottle? I think that's what he said. He is a grotesque. They're music. They don't do any music. They suck YouTube. And he just, uh, painted the ass. It's just like, I saw, what, where the hell was it? There was another one of these, uh, Bob Goldoff things. There's need to do another one of the tsunami, uh, business of the earthquake. I'm not really sure which disaster he's involved in these days. And they're all singing to say, we are the world. We're singing fast as we can. We're singing by the record and, uh, everybody gets the money. The starving people in Africa. It's just, it's just so assynign, man. You don't know whether to laugh or cry. You know, and you see, all these people who are involved in this. Each one of them could write a check for like five million bucks. It would be like, you or me or, well, I would be like me, uh, you know, five bucks. And like Josh five cent. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But they gotta get some names out there. Give, give the money. Okay. Give the money. Give the food. Say, say, the people are starving right now because by the time that you record this crap of yours and assuming anybody would buy it. And by the time the royalties get distributed and by the time the few bucks are all these people you're all worried about starving, they're not going to be dead anyway. God, it's so freaking stupid. It's part of the, the inninity of humanity, man. I like that landy and any of humanity. What a calamity, Jane. Five, six, seven, eight. If I sound incoheritous because I really am. This last trip this was ill advised. It was just not good. You still have it hard time, maybe even this morning. What do you mean by that? Send a little groggy coming on. The groggy is the word and you want to know why probably I slept too long. That business about sleeping the extra hour. That's not a good idea. That idea. Yeah. Because groggy leaves you foggy. And I feel like I'm in a fog at this point. I'm all fogged up. WQAM. Hello. Hey, great show, Seth. WQAM. Hello. You're going to need 44, uh, Wayne. You're going to need 40. He's big today. Yeah, Wayne. Ha ha ha. Thanks, like some of the, I thought, I'd like to get to a falls view casino and agro falls. I think Wayne is doing it right now. And he's singing a little bit too. So, for Shane. He's the best man. He is doing it. May I or female Wayne Newton? Hey Wayne. You're fair. I'm sorry. You guys very sensitive about that. Why? WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. So, the knock point. You're wrong. He's hurt. He's starting to admit sentence now. I'm getting the light him better every minute. WQAM. Hello. Leo. Yes, sir. It's little, little, little, little, some of these little talk shows. He's in the movie. He's been shooting for 40 years old. It's coders. Fanning. Can I put a one-hander? The coder fanning? Fanning? Fanning. As in fanning of flames? We're the sort of speaker of, you know, Fanning a ferro or something with a mic. The coder in the right role. And knowing it's hell, she was in that movie with Tom Cruise when he saved the world. What was the new one? There you go. A meal. The movie is the same as nothing like that there. No thanks. I'll pass it up, Pam. I'll move to DC. If I tell you, it's a moment in crime. Every time it calls me, which I wish you'd stop doing it about a hate-sit-like poison there. Anyway, who's the other little girl? What's her name? The one, hally, hally. Oh, geez. You know what I'm talking about? A little teen blonde. She's not really even cute. Oh, you know. If she's on the Disney channel. I don't know what she's on. She's the big. She's supposed to be the next Brittany and she's like, Oh, yeah. I know this. Here we go. Hillary, Hillary, don't get off your duck, Hillary. And she's not good looking. No. She's a gross little punk. Nasty bitch. Hillary, don't get off. Can she sing? Can she sing? She had. But he got an Italian. No. Not that we know of. Hillary, don't get off your duck, Hillary. She must know the right people. It must be it. She must know and whatever. The right people. The goal is to open 100 votes. We've got a thousand 85 on a serious and next something. I guess about a new null. Put this thing up. Oh, a fax at Eric. Okay. A fax at Eric about the 20 till noon. I'll give him plenty of time. The fact that he can actually hear us. We're streaming today. A little incoherence. Still from that awful trip. Yeah, my head is foggy. That's not good. I need to clear my head. And nothing. It's, I think it's the change in me because in Amsterdam, it's, it's very, very humid. It's damp. Yeah. It's like, it's like, this time of the year, I call it the Amsterdam drip. It doesn't usually rain really hard. It can for periods of time. In fact, the day that I got there, we could go Saturday. It was, it was like drizzling and then it was like half snowing a little bit. And then it was like snow pellets. It was like a little bit of everything. Ooh. Yeah, nasty. And that was really, really nasty. But the other days, it's like during the day. It's like somebody turns the faucet on and it starts dripping up in a sky. It's just that little drip dip that annoying. You know what I mean? Not raining hard. You know what I mean? It's just your took. Sounds visible. Yeah. And exactly. Now I think you got your thumb up. That's like this. It's real rubbish. This is by 62. If there's a butt I smell a feeling. Time for your animal. Or it's me's mom. Not another animal. Kids, yes, hey, getting animals. And moms, they giving them. But now there's a brand new animal. They kids, just love. Introducing you in an animal. They can't be go to chocolate and a mouth. They can't be go to chocolate and a mouth. They can't be clean down fun. Hey mom, can I have another animal? I don't know Billy. That makes your third animal today. Please. Well, okay. Cool. And this time I want a green one. Oh, sorry. So I took all the green ones. I did. My two boys. Ha ha. New in an animal. Melt in your butt. Not in your hand. Black them. Tell. It damn they're killing them. Okay. 11 17. Too much of that stuff. Okay. I came from my voice mail. Let's play all the voice mail again. And I'm not, not, I don't believe them out. Or not. Is the case maybe. Yeah. I should've asked Hank what that sponsor was. They got suspended for knocking. 567. 560. Town 560. And he Verizon and Singular Rhinos lines. That's a good idea. Let's work on getting suspended for a rest of the year. Then we can do like everybody else there. I just grew off. My clearance. There's another one with his Jaguar. I, you know, there are a couple of times last night. It just popped into my mind that you told me that. And I just started chuckling like out loud in myself. Luckily, I was, you know, sitting alone in the room there. But just, I just can't even conceive of that. Yeah. He got one when, uh, screw on left. It would be like, you mean the Jaguar? Yeah. But we like trying to envision McCullock, McCullock, Colton as, um, a drab and a Jaguar, you know. I'm talking about when he was like 10 years old. Seek him with Michael Jackson. How about him? Should we put him on earth? I'm doing a movie. So what about his pain in the ass kid brother? I mean, I don't think they do anything. Do they? I don't know. I'm not, I'll wait. Come to QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Hi. Is this a radio show? Which show is that? Um, sports radio. You call a sports show or then you arrived your show? Yeah. Right. Yes. Um, yeah. Um, I want to say I think Cindy Sheen, uh, this year is the most overrated person. And why is that? Oh, God. Cindy Sheen? Yeah. Do you know her? Of course. Okay. I see her overrated because she had balls which obviously a lot of other people don't. Because she's upset that her son got made into a human sacrifice. Her son and was this honey. Yeah. Okay. And listen to your drama. Send off the dot on there. Get out of here. I'm not interested in your brother. How will your mother, your mama, bitch? Her son and listed. Last time I checked through to everybody else in list. Okay. We don't have any draft going out honey. And then nice Cindy Sheen. She don't like because her son and listed. So we deserve to die in a war based on lies. Of course. Don't you know what a bitch? And happy holidays too, by the way, bitch. She wants to talk to sports. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you see what I mean? And we've been talking politics? No. We've been saying like anything like that. You just, who did more for the same community? Cindy Sheen or this bitch that was just on the phone? Who did more? How about Cindy Crawford? She is still around? Uh, yeah. I think she does something here and there. She's okay. Yeah. I'm just trying to think of a Cindy that was, oh, that could be good for the pool. Yeah, you got me. No. Can't think of one. WQAM Hello. Well, good morning and happy everything to you sir. Happy holidays to you, sir. Happy holidays to you, right? What a bunch of your friends. Yeah. I just heard the voice of that nicotine latent witch you just called. Yeah, the bitch. Yeah. I got to tell you the best press. And I got this holiday season with a picture of George 41. And the caption I was I should have pulled out. Let me find something. The highlight of my Christmas. Oh, good. And you know something this is a sports or a video stage style. What we'll leave you with this. These people call it screen when the team loses the change managers. Well, we're getting screwed around in Iraq. Why can't anybody understand? We need to change managers there too. Yeah, okay. Have a nice, like, family. See what I mean? Oh, good. God, almighty. Hate talk shows. Can't stand him. What? Oh, nothing. What do you think that like in my spare time? I listen to talk shows even if I, uh, forget about it. I'm bird out on talk shows. I don't want to blame. And the only reason for that being it makes for a big fat paycheck. But good God. Give it a rest already. Would you please give it a freaking rest? And he's not going to at bitch to call before. One dimensional. Let's all, you know, okay. And even though I agree with everything he says, but I don't want to hear it. I would like a restaurant this week. Okay. Give it a rest. Just like all those dead soldiers over there. They're taking a long rest. Give it a rest. I mean, what do you want? Rumsfeld, unobed error and gave them some nice plastic turkey. What more could he do? WQAM. Hello. Shaving cream or tail. I wonder if, uh, maybe he'll get the bird flu. You think? Rumsfeld? WQAM. Hello. Yo. All right. I got three people that are definitely some due to. Carrying top, fib, and polyshore. Okay. Carrying top is a fine. Polyshore. Where do we see polyshore? I've seen they go walking down Sunset. They were the hottest chicken. I'm trying to hate, but this guy is definitely a target. Okay. Overrated. Overrated. Okay. I'll take your word for it. He ain't got a hate. Right. But he'll make an exception in this case. And I'll blame them. I'll put caratop on there. Just one. Not who are today's 55 most celebrity, uh, most overrated. You're giving one. Because the list is going to be named with anyway. So many overrated people in so little time. You know what I'm saying? That's right. Overrated people. Celebrities. Okay. Celebrities. Not Cindy Sheen. Not George W. Bush. Not Donald Hermann Kering Rumsfeld. Not the Dick Cheney. No. Celebrities. Not politicians. God. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah. Hi. You got a, you got a cause bono after this. And, uh, right in for the poll. Really, I'm on. I got shot. Everybody's people. Celebrities. WQAM. Hello. I'm your man. I'm a baby for the past. Yes, sir. Uh, I'm a baby for the past. Yes, sir. Uh, I'm a baby for the past. Uh, there's nothing. She's the first one on your server. Good person. How about Dr. Philly? Like any monitor? Yeah. And how about Donald Trump? See, that's my bed. I should probably do the break. I'll fix this there. Can we get like a little bit? Yeah, he said, uh, he said sooner or the better. Oh, in other words, he's got probably fish to eat. I mean, fry. He's got stuff to do. Thousands said, oh, well, that counts. I'll do it right now. I'll let you away the poll. Oh, you want to be in a readable? No. What's your take on subscription radio? We have 1,000 79 votes. Our goals 1100. So once we get to 100, I'll fax it to when you see what I'm saying. We'll do it. In fact, I'm refreshing now. And it's not coming back up. Oh, 1,881. So vote on that one now and get out of your system. Uh, I'd never pay for radio. 455, 42%. And I like I said, I don't, I just, I don't know. I see that with me, I don't listen to the radio anyway. I don't listen to radio. I don't listen to it. I don't listen to it. I don't listen to it. I don't listen to it. I don't listen to it. As far as music is concerned, listen to my own music. I got CDs. I mean, you know, it's just, I don't, I don't need somebody else to play music. I don't want, maybe 1 out of 35. I want to hear it again someday. You know, that's the, that's the idea of enduring music. But hey, that's just me. What do I know? 42% would never pay for radio and I'm with them. I mean, what's so great that you'd pay to listen to it? I'm considering subscribing to 44. And you know, they're got to call yesterday was talking about, you know, playing the role and CDs. You heard them all a million times. They had these amazing things called CD, we're in this edit, and I've been out for like 8,000 years now. And you can make your own, you know, compilations, and you can make like the Zillions of, you know, whatever you're in the mood for, you hop into car, whatever you want to do. You follow what I'm saying? Are you saying you download music for free? I, I just got through saying, I don't listen to a period. I'm talking about you people. All you thieves out there. And addition of which I'm going to talk about downloading music. I'm talking about taking your collection of stuff and burning CDs. See, you got a villainous mind. You're talking about Stephen Crap. I'm talking about making your own compilations. It really stealing. I'm considering subscribing to 144. 22.9%. I don't let's find out. Let's call you in right now. Let's let's call out the authorities and say, Drive court is downloaded 85 million songs from the internet. Is it stealing what do you think? We're not. We just haven't to be there for me to take though. Right. He's downloaded 44 trillion songs. Something that hit me been written yet. Okay, considering subscribing to 144. That's a lot. I've got serious 156. We'll get serious for Howard Spurrm 101. 9.3%. We'll get serious. I got XM 101. We'll good for you. Probably truck drivers. I had XM and dropped it 17. Had serious and dropped that 7 out of 1090. We just had more vote. So during the break, I'll text a new poll to work. I'll have like a little, a little, a little, a little. Some to do their little, keep these people off the streets. I have a bit of a bit of a bit of a little. I have a little Roger. This is 5.16. The most talked about film of the year is now. The musical event of the year. The broke back mountain soundtrack. It's rain rain. I believe we're in the rain and man. We're in the song's U-Law. From the movie, you're afraid to admit you love. Oh, no, no. I will try. It's all that I don't have a look. I don't want to pay a lot. I strap on your leather shafts and yell right in cowboy. The broke back mountain soundtrack. It's on the day of the wild. It's on the day of the wild. They have never written, we're counting and you enjoy. Do you be happy? Oh, little boy. They're being a little more Sanskrity. It's 1131-29 till noon at QAM. Why did that strike me so amusing? I don't know. I don't know because we got 113 votes on there. And I just, the facts today were to pull the new one. 11-0-3. So believe that up for a while until a fast-riding until Eric hits this other one. This was over. So fast-riding a birthday yesterday. We still live for it. What a shame. That's okay. We still got a lot of work to do. It was actually Christmas day. But we'll all be down. Okay. The birth of our Lord. 5-6-7-0-5-60 pound-5-60-neverized and singular wireless line. That's the fact Jesus to you by the way. It's that point. I just crank this thing up and I can hear myself. Now, if you have a little bit better. Maybe the fact that I had to like, kind of like muddy. You know? And I was like talking muddy. You think that was it? That was it. WQAM. Hello. What the... Yeah. Yeah. Wouldn't ya? Yeah. Got one. Excellent job, pal. Keep bringing that phone. 5-6-7-0-5-60. You see, I just cranked that thing up so I can hear it a little bit. Now I sound like almost animated. That's all it takes. It's compared to before. And my nothers have just my imagination. You're very animated. Animated. Like that. Eminem. Eminem. Oh, there's another one. Oh, let's put him on right away. Eminem. You know, I mean, if you want to be black, do like Aljoison Lury Parks did. Put some black face on. You know, if you want to be black, and can work. But he's a pathetic. WQAM. Hello. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Happy. I was doing my bond for the poll. Ellen DeGenereth. She, at least me, very limp. The limp is not the word. Have a good one, buddy. And back to you. Ellen DeGenereth is good for nothing. And there actually are people who like her or of course they're all paid. But nevertheless, I don't see what the deal is there. There is no talent whatsoever. She's funny. Does she look really great? No. Is she, uh, nothing. Well, maybe that's what he was. But she danced. No. Huh? That said, maybe that's what it was. Nobody liked her. So she said she was gay. And that she has that population. No, no, I don't think so. If you don't have this one, I'll say that. Will be. Will be. How many QAM? Hello. Hello. Yes. And they're for poll. Okay. Pucked city or P daddy. Whatever his name is this week. Okay. I don't know what the hell he ever did. But faked in the pan at all. He sucks. Same man. Pardon. Yeah. And how do we put him on? P. Did he? P. Did he? Just did he? P. Oh, what a P. Did he? Did he? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Talk to that. He did he did he? And I think duty is the operator word. He sucks. Although he is. Hopefully was doing jail. Or she's another one of those faked hugs. You know. Then I flagged P. She's been around the block. Yeah. And then she was also. She was married to that ballet dancer. Who I think was going out with Ron Reagan Jr. The ballet dancer. That's just a faked magnet. Okay. We got that pull. I don't know how long it's going to take care of you. Oh, look at that. Nice job, Eric. Man, he must have been a big hurry for lunches. I mean, for doing that work. Okay. So I don't even need to print the other one out. Do you care about the other way? I just gave the result. Yeah. There we got over 1000. And how would it? We got over 1100. Okay. There is now we can do the other one. Two ways today is most overrated celebrity today. I'm trying desperately to get this back on here. And I want to. Why is this not going back? Oh, there it is. Well, that's clear. The crap out of me. Who is today's most overrated celebrity today? Not somebody for a month or two years ago. Not somebody who's a politician. Celebrity, or at least a quarter of the media. Now, this is going to be a tough one. How do I have the right to side who to vote for? Uh, the question. Huh? So that's a good question. I'm going to vote for Sam. I'm not going to vote for Tom Cruise because he at least did make some good movies. Yeah. I'm going to vote for Sam. He's a good actor. That's at times. I hate Tommy. But nevertheless, he's annoying and full of crap and hyperventilating. Donald Trump. I'm going to say per sultan. No argument there. I mean, well, she's got no talent. None. Zero. Oh, and I'm going to give you another one, too. And while I'm the same vein, of course, you're going to have to add these on. It's not going to have to write these out. Thank God. Okay. Oh, Victoria, gotty. Oh, yeah. I mean, who are we kiddin'? I mean, the pin in the ass, kids, I think I'm going to vote for her actually. Yeah, Victoria gotty. The fact that A&E puts that on the area, it's just nauseating. So what do they put those informers on for Kevin Chudo? You know, I'm with you though, like, why A&E? Yeah. You know, why? I mean, there's so many great shows that such a freaking good network. What? That's what everybody wants to know. What? Why? You know, you gotty on your girl throwing up gotty on your on your prestigious network. It makes no sense to me. Just, I don't get it. We like putting Larry King show on CNN. Oh, by the way, you know, he's gone on tonight. Because the data to promote is, remembering Rick Nelson. Now, you don't remember Rick Nelson because you're not told enough. Right? Remember Rick Nelson? I don't know. You know who he is? What? I don't think so. Really? Oh, could I? I got a ticket to my music now. I bet you're got some here somewhere. I don't know where the hell it is. Huh? Through the break, maybe I'll find it. Okay. You're on lucky. Azi and Harriet, before you were born, it was a very boring show on TV Azi and Harriet, and they had two sons, Ricky and David, and Ricky became a pop singer, a big star, a superstar, and they died in a plane crash. Towards the Ascend, where his career was basically a running, he would be down a plane crash. And then there was a little blow on a plane crash, and it blew it up for something like that. Playing the crash, he's dead. His brother David on the other hand, when it like had behind the camera, something he's still alive. Azi and Harriet, though, who were very boring and very bland, they're dead. Okay, is that kind of for you in? Yeah. Well, Rick Nelson was a big pop star. He was like traveling man and what's somebody other than, I heard a little something. Be Bob, baby, all the other, he did on walk and which pissed me off because I love fat stomolo, so really frosted my ass. But I like Rick Nelson a lot. That's you take a something. Who's kind of a pretty boy? Yeah. Four hundred and a David Cassidy, maybe. Hey David, you're fairie. Well, the one good thing is that I say good thing after they make a difference, but Rick Nelson at least was straight. In fact, he was married to Tom Harman's daughter. Oh, Tom Harman, the Paul player, Tom Harman, you have no idea who that is. You know, Tom Harman from Donnie Harman, the hardest driver. You know, Tom, Bradman. Well, Mark Harman, you got to know who Mark Harman is. Do I don't, huh? You don't know who Mark Harman is the actor. He played Ted Bundy in the Bundy movie. He's still around. I'm going to do anybody. He's got a Hillary Duff and Duff Lindsey. Come on. You don't know, Mark Harman, he was Tom Harman's son. Well, anyway, Tom Harman's daughter, who was a real hot number by the way. She was married to Rick Nelson once upon a time. And then they had those two twin, the sons, the Nelson's, whatever the hell they're name was. But the long hair, the long blonde hair looked really, yeah, yeah, nevertheless. Okay. So that's on tonight. Maybe you want to watch Larry King instead of go to the store. Oh, by the way, I know Mark Harman. I just googled him. I just, you know, I don't know him by name. Well, why not? Well, he's not really on my mind. Mark Harman and not only was an actor, but before that, he was nearly acting. He was nearly acting. There still is. Yeah, I understand it. But he was, he was a quarterback. He used to be a lay in his youth. Is that right? He was a great quarterback. He used to be a lay in the also happening. Well, when back in that day, one fine looking young man, I would happen to me in nature and think, it's course. But he was a big star. By the way, but I think he was still acting. He hasn't done anything since. Ofo. Mofo. Ofo. Yeah. But that's all right. But he's still around. You see him once in a while. You see some of those movies he was in. He can be seen. WDQAM. Hello. Yeah. No, how about Tom Arnold? There's an excellent choice. I don't know. He's not still doing anything. Tom Arnold. He's still around. Yeah. He does the best damn sport show. Oh, Tom Arnold put him on there right away. He's in the middle of nine. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No. Oh, what put him on anyway? Yeah, okay. Now, speaking of Tom Arnold, there's somebody this, oh, and what's the guy that's on that, oh, geez. The drunk, the guy had to drink him for a second. He's on that inside edition. The glasses, pat. Right now. I'm inside the dish. You know what I'm talking about? I'm thinking. Are you know who it is? You've seen him. Right now. On inside. It's like a drunk. A radial come to us. We got to get him on too. And of course, all of the people on those entertainment shows, anybody that watches him, you need mental help. Oh, so it's like the Brits, you know, with the Elton and David and David and Elton and all this other crap. Why do we care about such nonsense, okay? Who cares? David Frost. David Frost, your ass. What is David Frost having to do with this? David Frost is a British interviewer. He, I guess he's still on a BBC. But what do you, where did that come from? David Frost. Inside edition. Is David Frost? Yeah. No. Really? Okay. David Frost. I'm telling that's what IMDV says. Yeah. Well, a lot of they know. Right. Why you laughing? Because if you knew who the famous David Frost was, if it's most amusing to think that he would be on inside edition. But we like saying, Alister Cook is on entertainment tonight, you know? And by the way, what happened to Alister Cook's bones? Did you see that? No. They sold his bones. 19 till noon at QAS. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 8. With a quick editorial. Here's Patrick Robertson. Hello. This is Reverend Pat Robertson. The many of you have been criticizing me because I called for the assassination of Venezuela when President Hugo Schalvett. Now, before you try casting the first stone, let me clarify my statement so you don't label me some religious delicate. As these in God, very Christians, it's our job to cleanse the earth of all the evil dictators, even those who pose no imminent threat towards us. For if we do the right thing by killing people we don't like, we'll be rewarded when Jesus comes down on a gold studded chariot giving out those boxes of raisinets to all the good girls and boys, so they won't have to pay those over inflated concession prices. The next time they see some crappy rob Schneider flick, which I don't even know if that piece of crap is out on DVD. If excuse me, Pat, yes, stifle yourself. Okey, don't give in. This is Pat Robertson and you have the great day. Well, we know what network he watches now. He's watching Bob Sefer with that Okey, don't you crap? I think it's Petal Brian. Is that the drunken guy that's on one of those inside of this and shows? He's still in my head. Petal Brian does on CBS or, I don't think he does inside edition. Well, it's one of those shows. Does it make a difference with show it is? Well, you said inside it. Well, maybe it's outside edition. I don't know what that one it is. Is it even in those shows on ET, who knows? But you do know who Petal Brian is. Yes, of course. Well, that's good. Who is today's most overrated celebrity? We got to have a new poll up there. Hallelujah, baby. Here's a little something for you to think you're teeth into. There you go. Rick Nelson remembered. What makes us so bloody? I don't know. Just the way you look, I guess. And the good news for you is I have no Rick Nelson music here. I better go out and buy some today. That's good news for me. Hey, do you want to hear it? And he already says neither. It's not good. He was okay. You'd recognize someone in music. I'm trying to think travel and man. That was the most, his most, well, do a Google on it. Google Rick Nelson. Lonesome town. Kind of morbid and depressing. And then he did garden party. Don't you remember garden party? And his big comeback? Of course not. See, this is great. The fact I'm doing a show with Josh and we got no intermediate. See, George is like we have three generations on a show. We got Josh to punk. We got George who's like getting old rapidly. And then the old, the old toad me, you know. All right, I got a picture of him here. Sign and unforgettable. All time favorites for Toronto and all of Southern North. What is on your mattress? Hey, Johnny. You're fair. Anyway, what do we got? We got Dr. Phil is getting beat. 44 votes. Paris Hilton, 21. All right. Good choice. Dr. Phil 5. Victoria Gotti 3. She ain't got nothing. Except a bunch of pain in the ass pump kids. Kevin Feederline 3. I told him he belonged on her. And Jessica Simpson 3. Martha Stewart 3. Oprah's got a pair. And I bet you're their huge. When do you play? Travel a man. You want a little piece of trivia that someday might make you a lot of money on a quiz show? Yeah, what's that? The first video, the first music video. You're playing there right there. That was the first ever Traveling man. Well, the Aussie here, Aussie Nelson invented it. And Rick Nelson was singing a song. They showed these clips from all these different locations. He was singing about like a YA in California wherever. Not bad for a time. Now. Anyway, Oprah 2, Howard sperm has got a pair. Donald Trump 2, carrot top 1. We're just starting to formulate this baby. One for Bono, one for Tom Hanks, one for Sarah. Sarah Cogesica for Chris, but always called her one. I can't stop seeing it. Ben Affleck 1. And not yet for Hillary Duff, Dakota Fanning, to respelling Tom Cruise Melissa Rivers. Joe River is Jennifer Lopez, Teravita Villarve out of 52 votes. But that's just the preliminaries. Right. Wait till he audience really gets their hate whipped up into her frenzy. Take about 20 minutes. 5, 6, 7, spik and a hate. Don't forget. Don't don't. Don't don't. Don't mind who's, uh, war with the universe. So be along with two. We got Curtis for the mandog at four and then hurricane. So Jesse Agra after hurricane Vasque ball. Till about two and a more. And you tell me he's really damn good. He's good. Yeah. So if you were agonizing with letting Martens last night, you'll be, uh, crawling from Jesse Agra tonight. Don't make it like a couple extra candles. Someone to Q a m. Hello. Q a m. Do you have a deal? Yes, sir. They were the show with the insider. But bottle Brian is on CVN. Okay. Thanks, Sally. You walk a second. Two hours close. I had the least one word right there. Hollywood insider or some stupid. There's like 45 of those names shows on now. I've covered edition, recent edition, inside, uh, whatever. Hey, well, I've got CVS. So what does that mean? He's on CVS. So it was guiding light on CVS. Is that kind of thing to do with a price of a peanuts? What does that mean? The young in a hornies on CVS. Bob Barker is on CVS. Well, what does that have to do with what network he's on? At least we got to show the, uh, I think it's the Hollywood insider. Right now. You know who he is. Of course I do. He said do wrong. He's a cheap drunk. He's a piece of crap. Yeah. He used to do NFL work. Exactly. And what I just said before, I said he used to be a sports nerd. And I'll tell you another one who does who still does games because they're very sure I'm play by play. Oh, he's not bad. And does one of those shows is done quicky. Hmm. What? He's all right. I didn't say he was great. I said he's about 100 years old. First of all, but he still has NFL play by play. And he also does one of those entertainment those, Good shows. I don't know. I think it's, uh, outside, underside edition. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Good. Yes, sir. Yeah. That was bad. All right. Yeah. Yeah. The drunk. And Ricky now. Now open. But bucket's got a hole in it. Yeah. I'm using my bucket. I said something else. That was one of his big songs. My bucket's got a hole in it. I'll be dead. I would have sworn he said something else. Okay. Now I'll see. Now you would get all panicky because you don't know the song. No, I don't. My bucket's got a hole in it. Well, I plan for it. In fact, maybe if you didn't, uh, where did you find the other one? Is that I just, I just went to, right when, uh, he comes up, you'll see his, uh, his greatest hit CD. I just clicked it. Right. It started playing. Well, how about my bucket's got a hole in it? It's a little more upbeat than traveling, man. Is it on here? And it wasn't that big of a hit. It was a hit, but not like a major gigantic hit. I'm sorry. You want to go back to that site? Yeah. Go ahead and see if we can have played it. Like about five notes. We can name that tune in five notes. My bucket's got a hole in it. How many QAM? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm crawling from winter hay, but then we couldn't get you yesterday. I'm visiting my friend for Hanita. Uh-huh. And he said that you're very overweight. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't think so. Yeah. He said a bad word. Uh-huh. He talked to him. No, thanks. 560560 could be in so Jewish place. 560 in the Verizon singular where I hope you're a manure of a kitchens, curtains on fire and burns the house down. Uh, WQAM. Hello. QAM. That line sounds really good. Really nice and quiet. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. That's how we're at a roll now. Did you find my bucket's got a hole in it? Uh, no, because you really have no choice of what you're hearing here. Oh, in other words, you just click in it. It pops up anything. Comes on. WQAM. Back for the travel and man. Kind of like our calls. WQAM. Hello. And Neil. How about you? I'm Ricky Martin for your ball. He's nobody knows from Ricky Martin. No more. He's dead meat. Oh, okay. He's old-nosed. There's a ball in for your pal. Ricky Martin's old-moose. He's a little bit heavy to look at now. Yeah, right. He's living La Vita, a poker. Five, six, seven. We got that. I'm not fucking playing in that stuff. What is that one called? Because most of it's got like a lot of sexual in you window in there. Like, you do fair. Living La Vita, polka. Is that what it's called? Yeah. There's a little like Gary Confitt. Who's Gary Confitt? I think that's supposed to be Gary Condwood. Are you actually looking at it? I'm looking at La Vita polka. You're over to play? Oh, non-playing. I'm being too dangerous. That's what we heard. Okay, let's end up with that. Five, six, seven, five, six. Ricky Martin's old-nosed. We're saying who is today's most overrated celebrity. Somebody to see all the time on your TV. On the movie screen on your pop-up poster. On your, that's everywhere. All over the place. You can't get away from him. Today, not yesterday, not the old news. WQAM, hello. I believe you're just. Okay, good. WQAM, hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. Are you an animal? Yeah. I have one for you. Very slippery pole. Yeah. So I'm an orientie. Yeah, right. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The pound, five, so boring, man. Some of you people are so boring. It's amazing that the world can keep in it. I think that's what the global warming thing is going on. I don't know. I think the earth is just crumbling from the pressure of so many A-holes. It's just, uh, it's pathetic. WQAM, hello. Hello, you have one to put the name on the list. Yes, sir. Yeah, Jimmy Kimmel. Jimmy Kimmel, what does Jimmy Kimmel do? He's the... I don't know. No, no. Jimmy Kimmel, the guy who goes to late night. The late night. I'll never saw that. It's beyond my bedtime. You used to be, uh, on the original man show? I don't know. I'm not sure. Mount Jimmy Kimmel. Yeah, Jimmy Kimmel, I'm sure Neol, no of who he is. Okay, you know who he is, Neol. He knows he's not in the set. Okay, thanks, pal. Uh, puts you in a Kimmel on there. I have no idea who that is. You ever seen the man show with that? No, Corolla. No, I've seen the woman show. And I've seen the make believe man show. But I never saw the man show. I've seen the mad dog in the man dog. Well, he does the late show now. I like it. I think that's what the guy just said put him on there in the hoop here. It's Jimmy Kimmel. It's got like some evangelist. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, the Verizon and singular wireless line. Yeah, that top Brady's very highly overrated. I'm sure the dolphins wouldn't want to have him as their quarterback would they. No chance. Not when you got the gusts and zik in the zack and schmutz and sage. Oh, that could be really. Of course, we've said that many times before during the season that this game could be really ugly. And that came in and then come to find out there was a total shocker, you know. Yeah. Not that we can make the difference because the Patriots are 10 and 5. Worst comes to worst if they don't show up if they rest here with buddy in the last game. Are they really paying for anything? Because I think that the first playoff game is going to be a home game I believe. Yeah, the first one maybe. Yeah. And the first their first trial will be a masculine child. How many Q a m hello? Oh, amen. Good choice. What is the big sentence with their Katie correct? Give her on there right away that bitch. Oh, but she's going to be anchoring the CBS evening news. Well, good. That means I'll stick with NBC and strange Brian Williams from outer space. Katie correct my ass. She is just as she's as simple to not give you another one too. Along the same vein. Paula's on. I forgot to even mention that the one night when they had the CCNN's got a new program. Now it's called the emergency landing of the day. Okay. And a whole new feature now. They take two three hours every day and every time a plane's going to be kind of a problem if the pilot's got like diarrhea right away. We're all in here comes another emergency landing. They it was like in the middle of the morning and I'm still there when I couldn't fall asleep. And I had that thing going on and on and on and on. And there is Paula on there who had no idea what she was talking about. And she was on for two of the most embarrassing hours I've ever heard of it. And I couldn't shut it off because everybody else had the same crap on. Plus there's no. The only English language you get over there is the BBC that's obsessed with a queen and a Camilla and uh, Elton and David and David and Elton and Sky News, which is hyperbettinating with Rupert Murdoch and his bullcraft and then CNN with a plane crash of the day. The emergency. No, the one I'm talking about at Logan Airport in Boston. Yes. Well, they zoomed in on that thing, man. And he were like, I'm says, forget Paula's on there. She's a bubble hit. And at one time somebody facts this at several months ago. And they facts this the insider opinion of the various news anchor, the people, the biggest Bubbleheads in behind the scenes and how stupid they were there. She was like the winner. I mean, the dumbest of the dumb, Paula's on. Look at that. I'm going to show we're taking a holiday. So like Rupert everybody and asked, This is my idea. This is a hump or is I mean, I'm all loving kind of this. And he's a new Roger. It was a hump or is I mean, this is 5.62. 8. This is at home, Lancet Kiriti Tom Ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. My clotics, my soul, lovely people of color. So lovely, my head hurt. So tally and I feel so crappy. Oh, I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. I'm all grown up. Okay, 12.02 or 5.60 WKW. We got Moa 2. We got Curtis at 4 when we had Hurricane basketball. I was up at nobody who cared less about. I'm going to ask you a question. We got some real tourists. Who is today's most overrated celebrity? We got so far. 115 vote. You know, some coming out of my fog now. Yeah. I'm finally waking up. Don't sleep that extra hour. Bring the phone or something in a morning. Don't let me do that. If I come in here to vote. Well, whatever. Today's most overrated celebrity. Peris Hilton 49. She is off to the races man. She's got a huge lead. Dr. Phil 14, Kevin Feederline 7. Sarah Jessica Parker 5, Jennifer Lopez, J. L. 5. She made some great movies, though. Man, a G. Lee. Victoria Gaudi 4, Tom Cruise 4, Oprah 4, Jessica Simpson 4, Howard Stern 4, Martha Stewart 4, 3 for Ben Affleck. Two for Joan Rivers and Donald Trump and one for a Caratop Bonno, Torrey Spelling Tom Hanks, none yet for Paul Zahn-Kitty, correct me, Kimmel. Hello, we're tough. I have to quote a fan, a Melissa Rivers, Tara Reed or Bill Meyer. See this audience they like Bill Meyer because he's a hate-sport like poison. And they're like, you know, we're the antagonist of a virginus. So that therefore makes him great. And reminds of these people. He's pondering his man. He's just pathetic. Okay, here's a couple of facts. He's one of the genophyrinists. I mean, Aniston. What's the big deal with her? I think she's just fine. Jennifer Aniston. She's a good actress. She's just fine, yeah. Yeah. Of course, he looks good. So what's wrong with that? All right, put her on there, anyone. Yeah, you're going to put her on there also? I put her on. I put her on that whole list. I just sent you out. Oh, no. Adam Sandler. He ought to move right to the top. You don't think? I like Adam Sandler in a early days, but, uh, please. What was that movie you made with Bob Barker that I keep trying to forget about the first of all? If you got a problem with Happy Gilmore, I mean, you just got no sense of humor. I gotta tell you. That's the one with Bob Barker. You didn't like that? You did you see it? I saw the scene where Bob Barker punches him in the mouth and I give a standing ovation every time I see it. Oh, okay. I was gonna say that's what I've never saw the movie. It's fabulous. You really should. I saw Doug Gilmore. I never saw Happy Gilmore. You even know who Doug Gilmore is, do you? I don't know how he got more. Well, good luck to you. I, the fact that Adam Sandler isn't it precludes me from watching the movie. Don't you understand that? I won't watch it. Okay. I would watch here. What's that other piece of crap that the city of God? City of God? City of God? I'll watch that 40 times before I watch any movie with Adam Sandler in it. Wow. Okay. I've seen Koochir, that's an excellent choice. Koochir Koochir. I talk about a guy who makes some bad movies. Yes. Week. Plus he's turned to look really bad. Jennifer Aniston again. She's already on the pool. Simon Cow. Oh, he makes me move my bow. That's Simon Cow. The Olson twins. They're still around. The Olson twins? Yeah, they're around. I thought she was in rehab. She's out now back to doing that. And Lindsey Lohan and her father. I just put Lindsey Lohan. Yeah, I think that's enough. How about your mama? Okay. So there's some more for the last 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 6 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. Come at EQA, M. Hello. They're Neil. Yes, sir. Happy holiday. Thank you. How about for the full Ryan secret? Oh, he's fantastic. He's coming out. Oh, oh, oh. Well, better late than ever. I see. You got him Ryan secret? Yeah. And let's see. What's the new thing that they got in England? They're obsessed with it. It's the follow up to American Idol and Star Search. And all these other there's a whole new deal with that. And I know that all of those shows are such crap. But the British are, they're the ones that started, I think, the British and the Dutch. They started big brother and the British with big mother and. And, um, and I've got like some sequel on there. And it actually makes the news. Like on Sky News and the BBC. It's like big news. Oh, so and so is on tonight. We got the final vote. This is on the freaking news. Like on the intellectual BBC, my ass. Oh, God of those bristathetic. Well, we need to know who won. Yeah, no, I'll pass. So some queen. WQA M. Hello. I'm Nicole Smith. Where do you see her? She got this. That's her still on it. Yeah, she does have a show now, right? What she did at least. So she'll go ahead. Recently, yeah. And in the cool Smiths, she's really a giant. WQA M. Hello. Yes, sir. How about Ashley Siffitt? Okay. It's all he had for you. No, I know that was all he had. But he said, how about I? There was just I was expecting something else, you know? That was it. Oh, we got that. Actually, Simpson. We got like what about from Popsie for star. Ashley Siffitt comes this year's most highly awaited concert album. It's Ashley Siffitt. Barely live. We bring all her gifts as her form. And she says, life, pieces of meat. On my day and wedding, Two zed and the night and the night. Ashley Siffitt. Barely live. It's a classic album that sounds too busy true. This is the way you're the star. This album is too good. It's not me, man. Ashley Siffitt. Barely live. We're ever fine music is so cool. A lot of talent and family make no mistake about a 12-on-9-a-QA. I'm 5-670-560, town 560, and the Verizon and Singular wireless line. I might have to do a couple extra hours today. Yeah, let me know that goes. Send more home alone. Because I feel like I'm just coming out of my fog now that deep sleep out of a Terry Shavull Like coma. Q. W. W. A. M. Hello. Q. W. W. Yeser. How about the rock? The rock? The rock. The wrestler. The actor. We had to turn makefully, actor. Okay, the rock. He's what's he doing these days. He makes movies. He's still making movies, the rock? Yeah. Okay. Put him on there. Come on, Q. W. M. Hello. Hello, Neil. Oh, and speaker of that. I'm sorry. I hung up on that call. Speaking of that. Yeah. I said before vacation at ABC News has reached new deficit. The religious channel now. They had a segment because like a 330 in the morning over there. Or when we hours at the morning, what the BBC show CBS evening news and sky news shows ABC evening. Well, one of the other. So they got the ABC evening news. I can't sleep and I'm lying there and I'm watching. I'm watching. The last segment is about Christian wrestling. I'm sorry. Have you heard of this? I have not. This is the truth. Christian wrestling. I mean, they had their own music and goes along with it. And they got the whole deal. And they're all sitting around saying prayers before the wrestling match. Christian wrestling. And then they go out there and you know, they put on this big act like a beaten the crap out of each other. It's just, I mean, pretty soon there's going to be like Christian bowel movements. What? What is it going to be next? You got to create Christian music. You got Christian yellow pages. And now we have Christian wrestling. Oh, yeah. It's actually the C WF Christian wrestling. I found it. Say I told you. And leave it to ABC. Did it was segment on Christian wrestling. You people, ABC Newsman, I think Disney, Mickey Mouse, somebody's spiked his punch. Something is really wrong over there. Air, every single night. It says some Getsky thing on there. WQAM. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to know that we carried on the great Irish tradition of having a Christmas dinner followed by a huge family fight of cursing and pushing in front of the kids and everything. So, I want to add to the poll. Yes. A hairy reasoner. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, god. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. I see you don't even know who that was. Yeah, you're right. Now, a very reasoner was of one of the, in fact, he used to be on 60 minutes when he was alive. He was one of the anchors on the ABC, even he news, about 100 years ago. Harry, he was on CBS, then he was on 60 minutes and then he died. Has a way going around. He died. Kani, correct. Do in the news on CBS, that would be the ultimate blow to anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. Okay. That would be like a real slap in the face. Speaking of people with low IQs, I see fat boy didn't give me any new copy, did he? That's not the, as I predicted. Well, you knew that was going to happen. Maybe tomorrow, what do you think? Maybe. See, it's something we're forward to. I got a good reasoner world out of it in the morning, nice and early. See that new piece of copy come slide right off one of my two beautiful fax machines here. And you'd be pleased to know it's a good machine on. Fominus passed no in at five, 60, 70 QA and you're soon to be out of business station. We got some real tourists here, man. We are in the middle of a apapy and apocalyptic psychotic event. And we don't even know what it is yet, but there's some real crap going down. Hey, the truth is when you're there to compare, you'll see why forward is the best selling grant of vehicles in the USA. And it's not for the only for daily, you want to be doing your car buying at his Armstrong Ford of homestead. How days are here, maybe your car was damaged during Hurricane Wilma. Maybe you just want to get yourself a great new ride. Well, now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich and let David put you behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford. Be sure it makes it in Fettboy when you go down there too. And right now at Armstrong Ford homestead, they got some great offers and incentives waiting for you. Get a thousand dollars cash back or financing as low as 0% on a Ford 500 or freestyle. Get five thousand dollars cash back on explore or expedition. How about two thousand dollars cash back on escape and twenty five hundred dollars cash back on focus. Certain restrictions apply. And when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll still get their exclusive on herd of tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. David Rich and his staff at Armstrong Ford homestead will guarantee the best price and because they're locally on the not for it. They will give you treatment like he never experienced before at a car dealership. They'll feature like family because they want to make you a lifelong customer. You will get a better deal on a Ford no place in town. No bait and switch no phone. So call David Rich at 305 2 4 7 51 12 and tell David you want the Neil Deal. That's Armstrong Ford homestead 3075 South. See highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 86th of World worth drive. Check them on the web Armstrong cars dot com and drive a few miles extra to save thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead. Be sure and tell me, you're high. This is Neil Rogers. This is my 16th shoe sails. Fidder! I'm a Neil Rogers on Ford's home radio WQA. Yeah! Pairtillton had a fawn me I-I-O And there she lived the simple letter with her friend Nicole with a don't fuck here and a don't fuck there. Here, fuck there, fuck gettin' lunchy up, get fair as he'll be mad upon. He-I-I-O. Pairtillton made a tape. He-I-I-O. And this tape was really hot. He-I-I-O. Put a download here on a lawsuit there. See it once seems why she is not a nice pair as he'll be made and safe. The I-I-O. Pairtillton had a fawn and a reality show. It's funny all the things you'll do while the camera's roll. And if she's so dumb I wonder how come she's paid every day when she rolls in the hate Pairtillton had a fawn. The I-I-O. He's taken some serious ass and his pool. I'll tell you that. 174 votes and she's got almost he's got 61. 35 percent. But we might have put Nicole Richie on the pool because she did that show with her. Yeah. No? Are you not gonna call Richie now? I am. Little Richie to be not gonna call Richie. Okay, go ahead. Pairtillton 61, Dr. Phil 16, I just read the top of the contenders. Well there's only one. Jessica Simpson 9, Howard Stern 9, Donald Trump 9, Kevin Feederline 8, Tom Cruise 8, Oprah's got 8. And after that, Oprah 8, and 8. I already wondered about that Oprah when it came right down to it. That whole thing, what's the guy that make believe a boyfriend or her statement? Steadman, yeah. I'm not buying it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. WDQ, I am, hello. Q, I am. Jessica Simpson 9, I think you're looking for a paddle Brian earlier. Yes, I'm. All right. He's past drunk in the corner, I found it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. That's kind of this. He's on a 45 hour delay this guy. Yeah, I kind of like a little bit like the station. How many Q, I am? Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, can I talk to you? Speaking. Is this me elaborate? That's me. Oh, he, I've got one. I've got time for you. Okay. How about sing? Is this celebrity today? Click. Click. Algo's Dean. Click. That's where he said. Talk about kicking the guy when he's down. Alice hardly is celebrity anymore. He's a former celebrity. Well, what was that all about? What is the point in that? Well, what's the purpose? Just to get a little shot in there, you know. That's the whole day season. I'm a fat Jew. Yeah, that's all. Oh, speaking of fat Jews. Yes. Troy came in and said that he's going to have balance. He's trying to get balance for life back on with us next week. And he's going to put the beast back on that diet. Maybe having loose weight for his wedding. You'll look at some glory holes. What would you do if I just stop talking now? What would I do? What would you do if I just set back in the chair and just just laid out? I'd be like, oh, I just go home. I guess, you know, I'd play something and just go home. Yeah, you know. Let tough come running back home. I guess he's probably not the building already. He has no education. Well, it is lunchtime also. Isn't that kind of ironic though? I mean, tough is on vacation this week. Inclerence is on vacation. And Greg is either run away out or we just don't know for sure. And they've got to be here because time sheets were due today in his office. So yeah. I mean, that's over there. I mean, the clearance is there. I haven't seen him, but I threw my time sheet in the story. He better be here. I thought he's navigational this week. Well, then why would you mean if you're going to get paid like on the 10th? You really believe that? I'm saying where 10th is going to be a paycheck for you? I need to get better. I don't want to get better. Yeah. Okay. Well, just because you need, we need a lot of us need a lot. You know? 560, 560. I don't think clearance is there today. He better be. Did you see in this morning? I did not. Well, somebody better pass the word that drives courtesist clearance better be there or else. Okay. We're throwing down the gauntlet clearance. You're quizzling you. You're fair. And quit driving at Jaguar. Man, people are starting to talk. That just leaves it. I want to slap myself silly. When I think about that, it's just so amusing. Wtf do you QAM? Hello. I did some for you. Yep. Just in the ring. Oh, he's out. Yes. You won't see him no more. All right. And that's a good news. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. We won't put him on here because he's out the door. No, no, no. What is it? Oh, there it is. Well, he just didn't know. No. Although we got our own mole to this afternoon. That's a good news. I think. Come in to QAM. Hello. Yeah. We did some possible requests that this about, you know, Black lady. About what? The black lady that finds the third in the back of the car. Oh, the old, the whatever that is. Yeah. The Neil knows what it is. It's a good one. And I got a couple of French who, he's from Michigan. They've never heard it. Oh, well, there's a lot of turns in Michigan. Believe me. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Oh, my. What is that called? It's called, um, turd and back seat? No, no, no. I don't know what that's called. Oh, gee. I got it in here too. I think it's like tow yard or something. tow yard turd. Very good. I think that could be. I'm going to. Thank you for calling us this to you. I know my auntie. I just picked up my nine-to-a-core from your life. And that is on Tuesday in the back seat. Are you sure? Yes. And there's one in the back seat? A tower of papers. A big ass human turd in the back seat of my call. Man, I assure you, our guys did not take it down for your car. If you want to bring that car back, then we'll take a look at it. You owe you want to take a look at it. My car is fine. Is that big ass turd in the back seat? Okay. What would you like me to do? I could, okay. How about I'm going to your house and pick a local. You can't talk about that. Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get the turd out my back seat. That's not going to happen. What is that going to happen? You can bring the car here when you take a look at it. I am going to bring it back there. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take the dump in every last call you got there. I'm going to peel your counter. I'm going to do it all. You can do how it feels. I don't know what you feel. I have a big girl in my head. It probably came out your way. Oh, yeah. I don't make it happen. I'm going to take your dump in the car. How about you, you way? About 400 pounds. That's your turd. That's my turd. Yes. That came from 400 pounds. That's just a 400 pound. Even that old gorilla. I'm driving this car right to my lawyers office. And I'm going to let the whole world see you going to be on the news. It's even buddy. I'm going to get seven on my side. What? You want to be on the news? Can you describe the pieces? I mean, what's the one thing? You know what it is? It came out your way. I'm going to tell you the work. I'm going to ask me what color. I say what is smells ungodly. That's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. That's what it is. It's the hell. Well, how many is it? How long is this? It's not as long as my arm. I don't think it's like, why don't this is my foot? I got them. Damn. Too much for it. And I'm not going to see. You're asking me, I think this operation is too. That's what they're doing. I'm going to take a look here. I'll run it away from it. Who is that? Who is that? How bad is our final fight? The truth is, OK. I'm not going to see your private. I'm going to see her wheel too, else. I'm not going to see her. How long does it look like it's been sent in there? It's dangerous coming off of it, OK? See, see if it's coming off of it? Yes. You're a shaggy. I'm just going to turn the whole arm in. I am taking this as a fresh chair. OK. You want you to do? You need to bring that chair back. And we'll match it up. We have a line up. We'll match it up with the other turds that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a tool. We say, and I can bring the chair back to me? No. You know what? Is this the sample? No. I'm not going to like it. I'm going to keep it in the back. Well, keep it. So this is a nice little, you know what? It's a nice conversation piece. OK. OK. OK. OK. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. My name is Earl. It comes on new comedy about a man who's cleansing his karma. One mistake at a time. It's my name is George. I'm teaching church. Sorry about four. Cross-having off the list. My name is George. He's putting his past in the past. Hey Paul. There are words. My band. My band. My band. The biggest mistake of all would be to this. My name is George. So if I get me here at Mars on the phone. That's a property one. Ray Romano. There's one for the pull. OK. And who's the guy to play his joy? I'm talking about joy. Yeah. I'm from friend. I'm from the joy show out of my long long long long long long long. There's two of them. They ought to be right near the top. They're the past. There are so much. He's laying out from. Matt little block and Ray whatever's name is. What's his name? Ramano. Ray Ramano. There you go. Now we got a new hobby now. We not only have planes with emergency landies. We now also have people dropping kids from burning buildings. Remember that one couple weeks ago. Maybe it was while I was in vacation where they kept to show an over and over. The baby being thrown out of the burning building. Yeah. Good times. Well guess what? A lot of times we put an extra roll on there. She did. A mother and father who were coming to burning apartment building dropped their two children and the armors of an LA County Sheriff's deputy early in the day. No one was seriously injured. Thanks God. Deputy Jeff Kim in a colleague were flagged down by the Watson neighborhood of 250 in a. And by a truck driver who saw planes coming from the building said Sergeant Ed Lovano, whatever his name is. Kim first caught a one year old girl who was dropped by the mother from a second store when it. We can make this into an Olympic sport. Baby dropping. And Michael Jackson's life participates. Then the children's father appeared and he dropped an annual boy. Right out the window. Kim suffered smoke inhalation and the parent mouth injury from falling down out of the way to the older child. He was at the right time to write place in all that said Lovano was at the scene. The kids in parents appeared to be uninjured. He said that the mother also jumped from the second floor. Well, second floor is no big deal. Is it? No. You know, they're going to have to do a lot better than that. I'll tell you another guy. It just leaves me limp. He was the host on the when we did Hollywood squares. The one with wuffy gold berg on it. And now he's on this. One of these funniest videos shows. In fact, they got from the first funny is video show. But he's not on anymore. He was really annoying. But that was his name. Well, the first America's funny was Bob Sackett. Bob Sackett. Oh, God. Why hate him. But he's not on. He's not around the war. No. No. He's the he don't do it. This guy's name is Tom. Something. You know what I'm talking about? No, but I can. I think I do. America's funny is video just Google. And I'm sure his name will pop up. Tom something. I mean he tries so hard to be funny. And he's just so lame. He's so bad. He's weak. You're trying to believe me. You're a little bit a little bit like a lightning bolt. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular rodless lines. W Q A M. Hello. B. Yes sir. One for your pull. Yes. Well, actually to Jim Terry and Barbara Streisand. I mean I guess you know she's still around. We see her all the time. She's a can't get away from that nose. Jim Terry. We want to put Jim Terry under. I mean I'm tired of him. But I wouldn't say he's he's made some good movies. Right? Yeah. He's not. He's on the same league with these other people. Barbara Streisand. I mean the nose knows. Okay. Put a runner. One or two for this guy. Okay. Make him feel a bit. That's Tom Berger on. That's it. Tom Berger on. I do know you mean though. He's so annoying. Good. God is he just not just put his ass on this pull. Tom Berger on my ass. Sounds like a French hockey player. Man. What a jerk. I don't understand what people are thinking about. You know they put stuff on the ear and like like I said yesterday. Richard Quest. How could he? Now he's not a celebrity. But I mean how could he be on the air anywhere? Forget about England. How could see him put him on the air in the USA? Richard Quest with his huge donkey teeth. And then over affected British. Oh man. Just have no access. You know who that is though right? Not really. Good. Don't even look it up. You don't want to know. It's the room your whole week. Don't worry. I said when you find out that you're a. You're a paste. You're a thing. Isn't your time sheet. No pretty sure it's here. I saw his door open. I mean he saw the door was open. I beat down during the night. I didn't say that. Terrorists might be in the building. How do you like that better get on your mind or piece and cues now? You better watch it when you deal with a guy who drives a Jaguar. You know what Jagrimes would, don't you? What's that? 560, 560, 560 and the Verizon and SIGGIRLESS lines. WQAM, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Hey. I won for the poll. Okay. How about fiction, J. Leno? You know, V8, mate. He is bad man. He's weak. weak. Very weak. And go ahead. I was going to request. Could I request the Johnny Cash song with Howard Dean chiming in? You got it. Thanks. See you, pal. I have an everywhere. Is that Johnny Cash song? Is it like somebody else don't know? I think that's Johnny Cash. Is that Johnny Cash? Call him up and ask you. He was a Johnny. Was that you? I'll walk along. Don't see. It's called, uh, I've been everywhere. Something goes like that. That's Johnny Cash. That's Johnny Cash. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been a renalist guy. No far, no minutes. A little bit of a couple. I'm not going to run, though. When it's loose, that's all the way to go. No, no. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. We're going to shout, Carolina. I don't go home. And I don't even go to. I don't even go to. I don't even go. I don't even go. And Texas, let me go. I must be with. We're going to shout, Florida. Let me go. Let me go to South Carolina. I know we're going to win. I know we're going to win. I know we're going to win. I know I'm going to go now. I do not make sure. I don't even go. Is it both for Charles and Dave and Leeds? Yeah, no. I don't even. Who are they shout, Florida? And Texas. They're the main dollar. It's a river on black rock, river rock. We're going to shout, Florida. It's the next rhythm. You'll sing it on aples, you'll sing. I know we've won. Are going to jay. Awesome. It's the 177. 231 kg. How high is that? 353 dust. Think that the 21j iimewter. 123 dust, 290-2v, 232bot. Here's the  nel so far. Who is today's most overrated Celebrated, OK? If I can get my mouse to a one I can a wireless mouse Then they make sense or at least a new one. No, I have a new one It's a still the work and still doesn't work. No, no, no, more it's not okay. It's a question of the court, okay? The court gets into lady have to like keep pushing the bayonet on talking about No, you don't I do but I mean, you know, it's a bit of a little mouse. Okay, do that Who is today's most overrated celebrity? Paris Hilton sees off all by herself and a leak of her own She's got 84 84 nobody else has even got 20 yet and she's got 84 Paris we hate you like boys and by the way nice beak bitch 85 even as I spoke she got another vote probably clearance Dr. Phil 19 Howard sperm 14 although they're all rushing out there to buy their serious radio Donald Trump 11 Kevin Peter line 10 Tommy Cruz 10 Oprah's got him and Jessica Simpson 10 Canis must macho Oprah or Tommy Cruz think about it during a break So Paris come in here yet and give you like a low five no not a word yet really He's probably examining that time. She probably saw a lot of those bokehs hours. You put out of those hockey He's making odd. This is still born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God a Baby Now And we say amen to that okay if you go on the other room now during the next break or whatever you get the chance you'll see that I just packed my talent sheet for the month of December okay did you want me to handle that way yeah well I don't think it's been handled by itself it's not going to slide off of the thing and I slide on the door and no well now that'll give me an excuse to go to turns his room again and that see if he's really there or it's just the door open yeah that's what excuse say oh I'll need a lot of me to rush this right in here you know it's one of the twenty seven of December but I'm probably confident I'll be here next two days and if that I'll still get paid for it anyway who cares the five six seven huh good point yeah I'll give me good excuse to go in here say oh by the way I hope you got my time sheet clearance and happy holidays and nice nice jaguar nice ride five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and even rising singular wireless lines I bet your clearance knows some crap but he's not telling see that as you know having been there long enough not a figure it out there are a lot of people have know some crap that's going on but they lie a lot oh I have no idea and I haven't talked to Greg and we have no idea you know any lie of course because they're always sworn to did just like you had to leave the room this morning for that rather you know I mean it kind of pathetic announcement from the but you had to leave the room right it's always though the way it goes like everything is always top secret and then what I've discovered is that it's supposed to be top secret don't tell anybody in the next day it's in very jackass's column in a hero that's a little bit knows it yeah that's always the best because that's the way we program an operate the radio station very jackass he's still got the pipeline and right of the fact that somebody told me oh I don't talk to very any more since he's got his head up seven I need's but I the audio audio but nevertheless some people they just can't stop you know it's called neurotic repetition W. K. O. M. hello there's no relationship sounds like me yes on a way I'm talking to Neil yes you are fantastic I think you're pulled on a show man hey man I got a good overrated celebrity for you okay I've already just told it who read this now I think they're trying to push him out you know it doesn't want to be fair to kind of push him out is this to 98 98 I thought he was older than that 110 okay thanks a lot there you go I have a care okay you know it reduces about that morning show who does it that's on I know that the jurist thinks it's so hot and she's really very marginal Kelly Rippa Kelly Rippa they want you out read this read you know she's not bad looking I mean she is she's got a bad nose or she's not like George what now you sound like George no no George is the one that's always defending or he thinks he's hot I think he's very marginal at best at best but then again George is the expert on all of these things and you'll find out on Friday and just you know talk about Kelly Rippa for four hours he's obsessed five six seven maybe he likes those skinny kind of like pointy noses you know maybe I can be Jordan even likes Perus Hilton but I doubt it nobody else does see that almost 100 votes already how do you like that I do it 93 and 96 it just went zoom it up there at a middle by a sentence and Dr. Phil's got only 22 and he's second place they hate you Perus and of course she cares right yeah she's got more money than God WQAM hello yeah speaking yeah I want to man pretty good I'm telling you out of my coma I'm okay thank you I have a couple celebrities I'll copy you jar some of your memories Gilbert yeah the birds yeah and then the salad man remember the salad man wow he's talking about Marcello the salad man used to bring us the challenge my fellow that's great yeah yeah sure fits right in there okay fits right in but at least I keep this guy off the street can't the matter probably never know you get shot on the street especially in downtown Radoe let me say it again bad mix dark skin punks with guns a bad bad mix I'm just telling you that right now is not a racial thing it's just a matter of fact okay it's not debatable it's a bad mix and you had one other ingredient that missed and it makes it even more explosive combustible mix and that's called through of this okay now that's going on right in your hood in a downtown okay right smack in the middle downtown like about a block away from the Eden Center which is the big shopping center downtown right on boxing day which is about the biggest shopping day the year when the city is just packed with people and yesterday all these fire trucks and ambulances and police cars and whatever hell they were headless horsemen all over the place just amazing and this used to be really civilized place once a part of time your line nine is bringing again Q a m hello Kennedy Q a M hello that's not that wasn't recognize though know that was somebody else through the song and that's our signal so I think that song believe me I know my Rick Nelson man, Gardner and actually as hell wasn't it that was a bad cover job by somebody 5 6 7 0 5 60 I'm guessing that I have to go out and buy some Rick Nelson music. How they go have to I'll have to go down to Santa record man. That's where the shooting was right in that hood After go to Santa record man, which is a saddled store and how they're still in business I have no idea but nevertheless they'll have Rick Nelson, but I want you to back Huh, but watch your back. Yeah, I'm gonna watch my back Maybe they'll have all the Rick Nelson greatest hits and I can play that all day tomorrow. What do you say as an as an attribute? It must be the anniversary of his playing crash or something because otherwise why would Larry King have that show on tonight I don't know. I mean, why wouldn't you just have Joan Rivers on again to talk about suicide How many Q a m hello? I have one for your poll and your list there. Okay. I don't know these graves with a mama He's not a celebrity buddy the jagged who is he? Mo? Yeah, yeah, I didn't hear now see what I mean about these people here. You're so narrow man who did no for this poll? This last color or anybody else with I Q larger than their thumbnail huh? Perfect all we want to do is let's just have a pool the first hour every day Putty eight more George Bush, Mohawk would David it. Where who's the other one or verse lemma right right? Every day get out of your system man get out like having a gigantic heaving bowel movement just get out of your system Narodic repetition over and over so go pericate By the way, somebody needs to show us socket in these pot fans mob. I want some of that pants are filling in last night I don't know how long they straight is gonna put up with it. See remembered put up with it because he got always bitched to me about to these Pants and and always did every call hate that dumb frog hey them hey them, yeah But just shut him up already you people in the Panther organization your team is starting to finally play pretty good You're starting to win a few games got to point out of that game last night which could have easily been two But no they got that dumb frog in it and for some reason I guess because he used to wear a jock strap And plead for the omelters when they want to understand the cuffs they're for automatically he's a he's a legend He's a so far star guess what he's a dumb frog and a horrendous excuse for a broadcaster and got a big mouth and never shuts up Not but and I guess what the knees nobody in the US or in South Florida gives a crap about the stupid olimpac hockey team and then quite frankly I don't either US Canadian or any other one a Another stupid act by Gary Benton right now and finally after missing a season they finally start building a little mole Man from up and what do we do? Let's take the two weeks break again for a tour and again for the old impacers and I can pure stupidity They don't need a smuck like your eventman would come up with more on And he's a moron that's what I said moron Well then soon they've got something that hockey talk that was bad how the how did that happen must be why all those calls They are M oh R oh M see there you go moron you know how to spell it W. K. W. M. Hello Hey here's another painting celebrity for you. Okay, Teri Somebody beat you to it. Uh, you know, all right, thanks. Thanks Teri she's on there you got a read it. I wonder if she is kindergarten grade read you think The nephew called yesterday that was don't don't forget mentioned to George on Friday. He'll know the nephew called Chris read Teri's not only one vote so give busy Matt LeBlank has got none Oh Yeah, he's got none look at all the people with no votes Matt LeBlank and an Nicole Smith Lindsey low hand Simon Cow Jennifer Aniston. I'm a she didn't belong out there Paul is on Hillary Duff and Dakota fanning. I'll have got the big oh so far out of 280 And Peris Hilton just keeps widening that lead she is down a road like this like secretary And a face to match W Q A M hello Yes, sir. I can think of one talent that Peris Hilton has Yeah, she gives oral too. Okay good W Q A M hello Yes, sir We'd like to put to People on if you still find Bill Cosby and I didn't agree with this when he wasn't found that he jacked There's celebrities Bill Cosby have all he's easiest they political agitated now Bill Cosby and hasn't done anything And what since the Jesus was a baby and Jesse Jackson they shall ever need no, sorry So I think it's a racial thing go to just trying to pick on some life. Yeah, I do bad 560 50560 pound 560 on the Verizon and singular Wireless lines don't be picking on them dark folks. Okay. Unless they have a gun W Q A M hello Yes, sir. How are you? The guys from Survivor Jeff's growth I mean need I'll be the only thing the guy says is the tri-fax boat in you know what I mean? Yeah, all right, thanks Thanks. What's your guys name Jeff? I don't know I've never seen Survivor in my life. You haven't seen Survivor? I don't really lie God Coming to such overs Survivor 3 Africa watch if a whole new castor character is by for the title of Survivor Don't face their most challenging obstacles yet like wanting to eat the opia Which is sandwich scrapped to their back and find out if your favorite mate for TV tribesman can winning unity by putting two bold interplates in their mouth And blending in with those real tribe Kenya is a setting this fall for Survivor 3 and for our friends in Africa Coming this fall to CBS in Survivor 3 Texas style 10 contestants will start in Dallas travel through Waco Austin Senate Tony will over to Houston Then they'll travel that a Krifers Christie of Brownsville each contest that will be driving a pink bull bull with a puffer sticker The week I'm gay. I voted for Al Gore and I'm here to confiscate your guns The first one to make a back-to-dallas wins Survivor 3 this fall on CBS We've only got about 800 those now. I never saw either Yeah, I don't know survived one second. I didn't know no godfather and I never saw no survivor 560 it's the Mohawk David warm-up show how about those patriots baby Final score was no indication the game was a total blowout. It was 31 21. I could have been a hundred and 31 to zip total blowout Yeah, right there in New York, no less or in Jersey Close enough right as the jets once again. We know what the S stands for in jets J. E. T. T. J. Well, how is it as suck they really do? They are pathetic. You know how quiet the jet fans are the season man. They're not making a peep not a little bull peep from the jet fans All them loud-up not just New York types. Well, what's the peep? Here's your line line nine 2 a.m. Hello. Yeah, Carson daily. Oh, geez. Is he still around somewhere? I think he doesn't like to find him I think he's taking over for dick Clark now Really If he followed in this footsteps and had two massive strokes Wouldn't that be bad? Okay, thanks. It's a good choice man. I despise him like poison and he thinks so much of himself He thinks he's the greatest and God's gift to the human race. Yeah, he does like a another late talk show My house sad Carson daily man. Let's say maybe he can catch your a purse Maybe they can load together 560560. I'm actually I'm finally coming out of that fog and now that I am I realized that that extra our sleep is not good Not good your groggy man groggy. That's right. If the jump out of bed in the morning and go again I also not have an ad bacon was not a good idea I just didn't feel it was probably I mean, oh, just you can't even begin to imagine this trons of people shopping downtown yesterday You can't imagine it. Why? Wow, he doesn't go on down here during Christmas and then all of a well for there is no downtown there though They're a fucking shopping malls although we hear me eating center is downtown But all these people are out on the streets and then all the shootings go away I can be between so I'm not a good day to go like a picking up your bacon sounds like Miami to me Yeah, I felt like I'll kind of home 257 a Q.A.M This is Neil Roger Oh, boy. It's the one to two hour of some severe sort of campaign. This is take nine Anytime you're ready to wait Oh, hey, this is doing stomp of black tooth tell me if you do drugs as a weekend Don't draft wrong again, wait It's don't do drugs don't do drugs. That's what I'd say It's not I've been close to what you said you come in his booth. I show you how close it was sheer luck We're gonna do it again wait Say don't do drugs if you must drink this holiday weekend do not drive Take 12 this is doing stop weekends are for drugs Do drugs Okay, do ain't thank you very much for coming in. I think with a little editing we've got something we can use Don't do drugs and if you must drink this holiday weekend It's a one a one a five six to W Q M. I'm finally awake. I'm officially awake All three hours. It's not bad. It's only one now. Did you go in there and confamine it with parents? Resene that in there. No, but I found out that the nephews in the building. I guess Yeah, I don't know what that means just let me tell you that I got a spy report I thought he wasn't gonna come and see Greg is Greg in a building. That's what he said yesterday I don't know I haven't been over on that side Good idea So the nurse is not in there did you drop my not in there, but I gave your town. She could do Well, it's not for still there. I thought stuff was on vacation this week before he Whatever he does he happens to be a busy little be right now. I guess so Really, well I'll be damned 567. 560 pound five 60 leave a rise For perhaps in singular wireless lines what a laugh and a joke man a few folks only knew if you had any idea W to Q a m hello Hey me all you doing she's pretty good, paly Okay tell your friends over there power 96 whatever That it's not me back. It's mom. Okay. Yeah, all right If I hear other rap song where they sit in front of me and it's not that worth I think Yeah, that myself like a million times. Okay. Well, give it a good chance. Yeah, it works Like we have something to do with power 96. We have nothing to do with them. Okay. They don't want anything to do with us because we're much of AM slabs They're on FM. They got a hundred thousand watts class C FM. They got all those young punctless than with guns You know there you go. Good luck here Like we we have nothing to do with them whatsoever It's about the only thing I will say is that they offered that pizza that time and even after a even after somebody stole their pizza the power 96 guys Even after some outrageous pizza defeat came along and stole the pizza W Q a m hello Hey, you're gonna need to listen That's Play my ass as they can make it man Well, I I'll man I sure the freaking joke a man. Thank you. Bye. Take everybody play a game. That's kind of like choice a can in us Can we play that bit? Let me just check it Try taking a Okay Well, that was a try Huh just the tease There's a little tease try you're fairy that's trade. We're not choice. Transfer to course So trust refer to his backward his old buddy again always going back to the well. Okay. Go back to the well well well well It's just just I don't know what to say. I'm just speechless with an offer back there What is going on back there? I don't know what it is, but it has nothing to do with sales W Q a m hello How are you sir? I'm okay sir, and you wonderful. I was just gonna let you know that I've poofed my pants Okay, congratulations. Okay. We know again walk around with a sandwich board on Lincoln Road Mall clear the area out in ten minutes W Q a m hello Mr. Neil. Yes, sir. I think got you back. I was starting to farm up with George. Yeah I'm around with your friend. I'm sorry. He's sorry. I'm like a took-a-lust right Yeah, and person who's speech and pedemanners not bad Huh? I'm living here Okay, that's the first reference boyfriend so I take back whatever I said about Troy Equan 560 560 pound five six-year leave a rising in singular wireless lines W Q a m hello Good afternoon, Neil. I'm back to you two things Over radius celebrity. I would have to say over win free and Can you please play the phone call if it's the lotion in the basket? Oh You mean that body augmentation that And the one that put the lotion and the basket where the guy calls the office Mean this one like this? This is Debbie. Oh, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction Mm-hmm. And there's wondering if it's a tummy tuck to be asked if I'm gonna really tear that arch you. Yeah, I'm pretty done with it But and the lip augmentation does make the rest Since I face it all of these things There's wondering more extra what well I I need to get everything done to probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my My thing. Okay. We don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though? Can we don't know that we do right the lotion in the basket? How much? 5000 excellent. I'd like to have my skin research as to There's a surgery Have the lamb stop crying yet mommy Don't hurt mommy's little baby it puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction if I saw it to be Okay, did you make me look more like a woman for a lot to see you first and then I'm looking actually We can tell you that one with you should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket or should I make an appointment? Okay, um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine Okay, um My name is comfortable bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I know me You're much the lotion in the basket. I understand it puts the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for consultation if it's not the lotion in the basket Okay Do you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Yeah, what's the lotion in the basket? I understand I got my skin suit in the Polygallet Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that what you like it puts the lotion in the basket What you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will function in the Okay, it puts the lotion in the basket No Now it's a lot of shining the basket. Oh, and now you ask me yesterday about violent movies named one that I liked there. There's one Okay, you know things silence the lambs was a violent movie when like bit the guys face off. It was yeah Yeah, it was and then in last night I was sitting there watching a hockey game's now I wish I would have made notes and written a list and there must be a hundred different very violent movies Then I like a lot. What's the one with a California with Brad Pitt? Okay, where you goes around blowing all the people away Remember that? Yeah, it's a good movie. So I don't know what you're talking about All right, hey, sorry to jump to conclusion. What was the movie that you were saying that won't watch because there's violence in it City of God. Oh, city of wine, but I never got to that point. So what would the violence have to do with it? I never got to anybody Here's all I'm saying never got to any story. Oh, right, right, right, but here's what I'm saying. Yes, what do you saying if you watch this movie and I won't the story that's true you will love the movie. I guarantee it. Okay, so now Not you know that reminds me of apocalypse now, which is why I finally sent that very expensive What you're just said? I'm sure you don't like war movies No, I Some more movies I like I can't knew he was a war story Right, I didn't see that. That's right. You haven't seen cane. I see the apocalypse now. Yeah, and It's fine. It's just pondering at the beginning of a man I just can't get past it. It's not because of the violence it's just so Slow and so long and depressing and I don't think it's great. I think it's okay. I can't get past it. Okay, okay? Sorry. I just can't think into it 567 05 60 pond 5 60 and the Verizon singer to write a science you'd like him you need that some will be you actually Would watch and he wouldn't fall asleep and you'd like it and so the acting is very good just keep my attention. That's all there There you go. How many Q a m hello? Hey, gonna speak to Neil. Speaking Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm looking to the radio. Hey, I've got a name for your poll. Okay, I'm about Lindsey Lohan and that whole Mohan family. She's on her man. All right, I thought she's on over the gotts and michpacho is the Chinese say. Thank you very much Very Andrew welcome 5 670 5 60 how she doing old Lindsay Lohan Lindsay Loh life. Let's take a look at what we do. We got 339 vote on the four our goal is 400 Well, this is tomorrow's poll. We started early. See I think I think this is your really I think yourself. Call me. Yeah, I'm getting way ahead of myself because I'm here on her at noon for Christ 6 Let's play an error for it. He's the one that put the bombs rush on it 124 for Perisult and the most overrated celebrity today 124 keeping in mind is he's almost 100 votes ahead of Dr. Phil is got 27 and we just hate Dr. Phil and rightfully so what a phony What a con artist what a faker what a Yahoo man. Oh I got another one for you. What you got speaking of people with phony southern draws Nancy Grace oh My god and she she's on every network. She's even on a freaking comedy channel. She's everywhere She's on hockey night in Canada Nancy freaking grace man. She's she's like glued inside your TV And you can't get around there. Look at his knees Anyway, Dr. Phil 27 Howard sperm is moving up 20 the Howard bashers out there. I don't you know Come see come saw whatever Donald Trump 18 Tom Cruise 14 or per 13 Jessica Simpson 12 Kevin feet relying 11 Sarah Jessica Parker nine If you look up the expression me is kite in the dictionary. You'll see her picture Martha Stewart nine that's the check of the rocket bottom one Victoria got a Jennifer Lopez a J. Lowe How low can you go J. Lowe? Ashton Kutti Kutti is got six Adam Sandler five. No, I did not see happy Gilmore Do it oh no, I mean I'm thick and maybe I actually did see happy Gilmore on TV I mean that's the movie with the Bob Barker. No, I know that I know that And I have a feeling I did see and I have a feeling it may have been very funny and spider him But if I still can't stand him though Adam Sandler he just he's just horrible He's an evil human being the also twins five Ben Affleck five actually since and for can she sing or what Katie correct for Bill Mar for Nicole Richie three Bono three He's gonna save the world from itself you watch that Bono Maybe you can save the world for some more that bad you two music Torrey spelling three in Tom Hanks three in Melissa Rivers three and after that it's small potatoes Times in the dimes and donuts by the way Hank was not really even donuts yesterday was he please tell me now Okay, he wasn't eating donuts He was Yeah, no comments. You know you do the best you can so it's all we can any of us can do Problem at the last one where we're gonna we're gonna get the panel case though We use the other one for fat rich where we're gonna get to one for the Humper and And in fat boy Can you believe that yes that he was born on Christmas day ghost assured there's no god anybody out there believes there's a gun Jeff high fat boy was born on All December a 25 the day the live and inform me He's here doing it nice job on a copy by the way fat boy you are doing it you and a whole lot of sales crew over there I don't want to keep dwell on them but boy. They're like the talk about a human cancer that whole operation back there is like You can smell it all the way up here must be Curtis what's his name Curtis Raymond per yeah When you shop and for shoes comfort and fit and value those are the three ingredients that everybody with a half of brain is looking for and that's why the smart shop Where's go to brandy shoes and pop at a beach? Which is where you'll find the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes that I'm be the best prices all the time Randy's career humongous selection of all the top brands like rock poured floor shine echo Mufisto S.A.S. New Balance all the other top names in the shoe business that you know and love and I'm sure you get a perfect fit every time Just ask for Arnie who figured care of you and your titsies the pros at Brandy's really understand fit in comfort They even specialize in wide width for those you folks with big wide fat ones and feed as well Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere in South Florida for comfort style fit value and selection always think Brandy shoes at 12.90 north federal highway in poverty. It's the open daily Monday through Saturday till nine and every Sunday till five And this week is a stupidest time to buy outstanding my favorites by the way new balance shoes They're the best at brandy's take 20% off on all great men's and women's new balance styles this week and get a free t-shirt too So be sure to get into brandy's this week or do you shoe shopping on their website at brandy shoes.com and be sure and tell a Posted Brandy's that birthday says bye-bye This is real This is five 16 A That's the Chick-fil-A piece ball by way knows that It's right always love it when the coach sure I have to throw in commercial name Don't even out there Chick-fil-A by the way my name is Barry See like a fairy I right that tones about romance while I'm wearing Spam X pass of kindness shrimp My sons of infee I had a series of big hits And that was back in 76 now No one wants to hear they only laugh and share They won't admit it. Oh my albums for my songs We're got a nose shape like a banana Thank you fan both live in my town of me Got a nose shape like a banana Oh my no you can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song I've got a hug Besides of y'all for When I get into the nose I be just there in a hole Come on now on the game my life is back in place And so I'm seeing again I'm speaking my sons in your faith Got a nose shape like a banana My two fans both live in my town of me got a nose shape like a banana Oh my no you can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song You fair One nineteen I noticed there are a lot of really short bits on this ACN I think it's because of the holidays they don't want to overwork there are people I'm sure some kind of curious what they sound like Trevor your team was depending on you to shred right to sleep to the nomads Bro, but in the end you get out hard. This is a top one Trevor your boat is Okay, tonight on an all-in-one-one-your-web snake in Jessica I hate you. I'm gonna fly my wings like a buffalo and fly out here You'll never leave me Jessica you're too scared. Are you crying me a tuna Look look look look look Stop it. Something you can't analyze it No longer wait. It's Jessica only on MTV to no longer music channel No, that's been for you. All right this shouldn't hurt a bit you're gonna feel just a little picture Oh That was the fat box We never saw that spot Yeah, to be good. What is he got one of those short ones? Let's see in there of course they're the ones from the the cowboy ones. Oh I Or then there's always Oh Or unless and the probably least Here it is Oh I guess you're happy to see that I think that just like this I don't want to see movies a lot of violence if you want to see movie a lot of days Stuff in it Right, that's what you're afraid of you're afraid you might actually like the movie and have to admit it I don't I wouldn't say I'm afraid of it more than I'm just not interested in it. Oh Then guess what what's that need your my 567 0560 I mean it's just uh, yeah, I guess it becomes on TV eventually or somebody sends me a stolen a voodoo DVD I'll be glad to watch it. I got you know some time to kill When I fair watch any of God Dude 567 0560 pound five sixy. You know I did I dream that I did those first three hours man. That was bad No, you even made the comment that I sounded like it was in the bag like in coherent You were definitely grudgy. I groggy. That's the one I was very groggy because I'm still recovering with this time lagging Don't go to Europe unless you go see I never do this. I made a bad bad mistake In the last several vacations, what I've done is come back like on a Saturday So I have Sunday off to recuperate and recover get my body back into sync with the time zone and the right And then go back work on Monday. It didn't do that Came back Sunday after that traumatic experience with K L M. Hey guess what K L M? Up yours Did they know how to board a flight or what Kevin Groot take your seats Said this one I think I like about K L M is I like you when the captain says Kevin Groot take your seats That's about the only that's the highlight for me Because it means you either gonna take off or you're gonna be landing one or the other and the agony will end soon That's one of the height tones. That was it. WQAM hello. Hey me all the day going pretty good. I received serious Professor this And it's great I'm gonna clock all the way to the room. I got a request. Okay, Johnny Cash my ass is on fire Okay, and I'm gonna figure out what they'll let's call just cash ring a boy for me is ringing out every fire Asked a fire And everything How do I say no, I think it's called ask if I I got it. I got it man Oracle Big bread Green as what case I'm gonna go with my ass. Feels like it's all fire. Welcome. In this life my ass is all fire. I'll have to get this one of those in a painful time. This is the first, first, first. Like my ass is all fire. My ass is all fire. Oh! One thing that I'm free to get to. Is for me, for the old, beautiful, I heard it from, but you know it was games. And it's true, from out of your ass. Two. And feel like my ass is all fire. I'll have to get this one of those in painful times. This is the first, first. Like my ass is all fire. Absolutely. My ass is all fire. It feels like my ass is all fire. I'll have to get this one of those in painful times. This is the first, first, first. My ass is all fire. My ass is all fire. My ass is all fire. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. It was the raspberry there. Don't get all done. I dumped it anyway. Oh no. Yeah. That was just a little tiny raspberry man. Listen, it made me laugh. You did it with some whipped cream on it. Yes, see, that's a new deal. When people request this stuff that we haven't played in a long time, they have to say, okay, well, what is it called? Can I find it? That's number one. And then number two, can we play it? Yes, that's the big question. See, I would rather play it in dump it, like we just did. Oh, so I've got to just play it. Right. I mean, you know, your ass is on the line and it's on fire. I don't pop it in here, you know, saying, huh? I let it go. If you let it go, parents would have come on in their play in bushbust. I'm not going to let you drive my Jaguar this weekend now. Yeah, why should I ask you if you borrowed the Jaguar? No, how about the Vento? Troy is always bugging me about the vet. Yeah, I'm not going to be driving those vet. So, okay, just forget about it. So, Troy's draft for this back with his buddy Troy again, huh? I want me to surprise Troy trying to sign up, pump it apart, too. Just, just amazes me. And just shocking for the development factor in sales. Talk about steel Rogers, man. The stainless, place in that building is back there in that sales department. You could smell the crust on the underwear, those are the people in the back and sales. Probably even Berkeley left a little pile behind. Man, was she something or what? I'm talking about her walking pile. She was something. Bye, bye, Berkeley. Nice job sweetheart. That will teach you to hang out with those wise guys too much. One, two, one. On the 7. And what a shame, too. They could have brought a really bright and a whole bunch of pizza for some guys to steal. You don't understand? But the... But the... Didn't pan out. And I'll tell you what does pan out. And that's one of the fine restaurants anywhere in town. The animal coast, Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by. So you can get restaurant review. And now we're be Friday through Sunday night. You can enjoy lobster fest at the Animal Coast. Featuring, delicious main lobster served thermator style. And every night at the Animal Coast is crab fest with less than no crab legs. Dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs. And the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell and a great half-shell and a sushi bar with over 30. But turn the meat in the net. Look in back at you. The Animal Coast also serves juicy delicious New York State's cooked order the way you love him. And handcar primary two. And on the weekends, for dessert leave room for the Animal Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain as well. You can hand if you're on strawberries, marshmallows, other that can treat their sugar right on in there. The Animal Coast for most healthy living too. You'll cook all day. Cook all day or five cuisine only with cholesterol. If we can all oil on the West. You know cornstarch, no crab, no headaches. Just a big smile and a big fat public. So look at reservations now. One Animal Coast. Three locations. They're in sunrise. Sunnyhouse Beach and Pemberpines. For the Animal Coast called 9.5.4. 5.7.2. 38.22. That's 9.5.4. 5.7.2. 38.22. Another animal's gone. When you stop in the Animal Coast, just tell where to that A-Sales hole sent you by. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6. Two. Eight. Eight. Neil. Yeah. From Peter Jackson, director of the Oscar winning Lord of the Rings trilogy. An epic adventure that will overwhelm your senses. Jesus. King Paul. Peter Trevor's a rolling stone calls being pawned. A back and forth adventure that will see you guessing. David Anderson of Newsweek says, King Paul will f**k up your neck and hearing a role as a main kid to come new Zasce. What's the score? No, seriously. Does anyone know the score? On December 14th. Oh, man. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Oh, version of that. We'll take a video game on Atari 2600. Okay, so the King Paul really need to be we made. Oh, I asked him to be see that. Yeah, it was really good. Was it good? Yeah. Did you see the original one with a fair ray? I did. And Link Ray? I mean, technically the same thing, but it just looks a lot better. Yeah, well, of course, because now when they can do all of these things, you know, that they couldn't do back then. Or did you see that? Yeah, it was a main thing. Well, that's good. I'm glad to hear that. So let's see after City of God, and then what's the other one I'm going to watch? Happy Gilmore. Happy Gilmore. Now I already saw that. And it was okay. I mean, if I actually watched all the way through it, because, because then I recognized the scene with Bob Barker, where I seen that a million times was at the hockey games at the Panthers games. Yeah. Yeah. Did they still use that? I don't know. I still use that corny thing on the scoreboard, where they show that scene where Bob Barker comes in as knocks. Just pushes him right in the head and just bounces his head off. I scored a whole Bob. But then he rate. About 120 adults in the US is not literate in English. It's good. Meaning 11 million people like this goes to handle many everyday tasks. They federal study be showing. About 120. I think they're under estimating if he acts me. From 92 to 2003, it ultimately no progress in their ability to read sentences in progress. Or understand other print and materials such as bus schedules or prescription labels. From 92 to 2003, 11 years no progress. Zero as in. Oh. Typically do it like our friends across the street with a big O. They got nothing. Not a. I'm just shocked that you told me the nephew is in the building. That's right. Didn't he tell us yesterday that he wasn't going to come down and see his uncle? He wasn't going to be, ah, yeah. He couldn't stay away. Maybe he's going to be the new GM Chris Reed. The adult population did make gains in handling tasks that involve math such as calculating numbers on tax forms or bank statements. But even in that area, the typical adult showed only enough skills to perform simple daily activities like King Kong or Kichim, like a smirking chip. For actual sobering was that adult literacy dropped or was flat across every level of education from people with graduate degrees. Those who dropped out of high school. Even as more people get a formal education, the literacy rate in the US is not rising. A federal official said this trend is puzzling and worthy of research. Adults with ability to perform challenging and complex reading tasks made an average yearly salary of 50,700 bucks in 2003. That's 28,000 more than those who like basic skills. So are you glad that you like graduate at high school? I'm so glad. Yeah. Because you're making like a lot more than that. No? Yeah. The adult steam, a little bit of an English. Well, how about that raise? Do you go into terms and jump up and down on the desks? It's almost the first of the year. How's that raise coming out? How's it coming? Let's go. Haven't heard anything. Well, let's go. Let's get the show on the road and quickly daily. Okay. They blew out rate period. They got some other people that are like being demoted to janitor. Let's get the show on the road. And start taking care of our people. Man, the way that they nickel and dime. Nickel and dime. They got all these damn trade outs. They got Rolex watches and jaguars. They're living like a bunch of kings man. You got a bunch of queens in there. They're living like a bunch of kings. That's what I don't get. Okay. Let me get worked up about it. Okay. Well, it tells the immigrant in the immigrant English. Include people who may be fluent in Spanish or another language. Oh, no. God, cannot comprehend English level. It's English added text. It's no simple level. They like that. Unless it's when it's convenient for them. You know, people like that who. Maybe those mirrors. They most big in English. Unless, of course, you're talking about them. We're talking about them. We're talking about them, we're talking about them. And then all the same. Hey, I heard what you said. You best out of the best out of the door or did better time sometimes. You give your tongue caught on that well, one tooth. Not good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See now I know I'm back out of that fog that I was in before because I'm just ran Blingai. I just, the spoon lot of crap. Speaker of the spoon crap. More how he David had two. Curtis for the mad dog at four. We got Kings basketball. Baby, the pre-game, the warm up at seven and the kids and the sets and It's at 730. But that's in headers. It just makes me want to just pee in my pants. Just the agro-reft of the basketball game. WCQAM, hello. Yes, I knew you were. Yeah, okay. What if only my chest, I knew you were. Why should try different? Make the New Year's resolution in the New Year. It's not going to be such a tip off. You know, I could like have a telegraph it to me in the rest of the audience. That it's always the same on my miscript and his boyfriend. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60. 5, 60. Verizon, singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hey, this is. I'll listen. Turn that radio off. Please. Okay. Sorry. Go ahead. All right. I'm just, I've got a comment about the whole English illiteracy thing. I mean, we just want a cater to it. We put everything in Spanish. We're not helping anybody. So I'm just speaking, we're sorry. To be make them that number's not going to get up. Uh-huh. That's all. Okay. Happy holidays to you. All right. Thank you. Please sign your name. All right. How are you? I'm sorry. Totsines, do we? You know, back in the day, and then this went on for years, of course, the whole bilingual thing. Back in the day, and then this went on for years, of course, the whole bilingual thing, back during the Murray-Ile boat lift, and for long afterward. You know, you know, you have a few women callers we get on a show. Yeah. If you want to get, when you start doing your own show, you want to get women callers, just bring up bilingualism. They are obsessed. I mean, obsessed with that topic. That's all in a papapa papapa. And there she is. I don't know where. I mean, just, you know, here we go again with that. I mean, I just haven't read that story because it was in my pile, which, you know, some not having much of a pile this week, because I don't want to sit here like read and lecture, and I want to keep it a little on the Eiffrubler side. You know, when the calls are so great, too. And I'd like to have been this week for an hour, man. Two out of two yesterday and today, I mean, today's been beyond description. But, uh, no, seriously, they just, I'm obsessed with this whole thing. Speaking of, I think, and I, it's just another sues to hate people, you know. See, women come off as pretending to be so much more gentle and gentle, and that is vicious and dangerous as many elders are. Well, maybe from a standpoint of physical strength, that's true. But the fact that it matter is that when it comes to good old fashion and hate, women are right there with men, and maybe even, uh, beyond passes like we were standing still, I think. Speaking of English, speaking English, okay? It was the Kelvin's, the Kelvin's. I wonder if any she for his croaked yet. Let's check that out. 560, 560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. Got a long way to go here. We still got 22 minutes. So, no doubt your calls before we hatch. How many QAM? Hello. Is QAM changing format? Yes. When? Uh, today. Okay. Thanks. Okay, writing your diary, Mike. What? I said, have a great, uh, new year. You too. Now, didn't you tell me, why are you getting sold? Yeah. To whom? To Lincoln broadcasting. Well, who the hell is that? I have no idea it was, day and night. Well, what? What's that going to do to seven, ninety then? Don't know yet. Oh, my God. Well, keep us posted. And then why after, uh, also being sold and magic maybe. Oh, my God. Oh, my my and bye bye. Look out now. And you're knocking the calls. Man. Oh. George is going to be sorry. He was on vacation this week. He's missing. He's missing the good stuff. Oh, yeah. He is missing the best. Wouldn't that be something if lashing, got so a, who the hell is winking broadcasting anyway? Man. And then what we have, what we have to complain about. Oh, gee. What are we going to do about those guys across the street? They stole Joe Rose. They didn't steal anybody. Okay. Somebody pushed your rose off the door and lied through their teeth to him. Okay. Which is why he hates a certain people in his building like poison. Greg, not to mention no names. But other than that, they're like, you know, they're like, not existants. So that would be something for Joe, find where what you're going to do then with the, he'll find some other price to waste at his money. And I'm going to do this is Neil Rogers. So, for goodness is 5.62. And then. Go out with the holiday season of fun. You can get the idea of deciding to do step out of the keratin. You can spread the legs of Joyce around you. It's, it's, it's, it's the people who fear those things. And you're some one-order now. And I'm going to we're supposed to be the foot-load of folks that I'm trying to keep up with. But I'm not Rall, I'm not Rall, I'm not Rall, I'm not Rall, I'm not Rall, I'm not Running! Before I move on, before before before the lights will. Before I turn around when I turn around. Knockin' it around! I'm gonna go board for getting high and high holy name You better stay home That's how difficult You might go on school And I'll tell you how Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back H cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream bowl Thick cream cream cream No ice cream cream I AM FORCARD F impulse P I'm gonna have to go to the next week. I can't speak out. I'll be along with two. Only 18, 15 minutes from now. Time is flying, man. All right. Here today's the pool. Actually the whole week is going to fly on by you'll see. It's going to be just the Zippity Duda. Then the next week you're going to have to face the music. Let's start preparing. 405 votes. Who is today's most overrated celebrity? Periscillent 147. 147. There's nobody else got even more than 31. How do you like that? 147, man. She has got a lot of money and that's fine. A lot of people are born into rich families and they're money but why do they have to always be in our face? That's the question. Dr. Phil 31. Erzats. Howard Stern 23 Donald Trump 22 Tom Cruise 15. You're fair. Oprah 15. Jessica Simpson 14. Kevin Feederline 12. Sarah Jessica Parker 11. Jennifer Lopez 11. Jay Lowe. Martha Stewart 10. Victoria Gotti 9. Ashlyn Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi 8. Adam Sanvers 6. The Olson 26. Van Affleck 5. Bill Marr 5. Nicole Richie 4. Ashley Simpson 4. Four for Endon Cole Smith. Katie Craig Bonno and Melissa Rivers. Three for Carson Daily Lindsay. Go hand in toys spelling and Tom Hanks. A pair for Jay Leno. Barbara Streisand. The Rock. Ryan Sequest. Carotop. Dilmervers. One. Solomon Thay Uno for Nancy Grace. One. One for Clay Aiken Tom. Burserron. Matt LeBlanc. Ray Romano and Jimmy Kimmel. And Terer Reed. And Zero. The Big Four. Simon College. Jennifer Aniston. Paul Pollazon. Hillary Duffin Dakota. Fanning. I've been honest with you. And it's probably a good thing. I don't think most of our audience watch this CNN. Good choice by the way. Excellent. Speak very highly for the taste of this audience. Do not watch CNN. It'll poison your brain. It'll turn into Jello. And then when you least expect it, Del Thro, Ricky Tiki Sanchez on her because he's on the payroll. And they got to figure out some to do with his ass. You know how to keep him like out of prime time. Most of the time now. Yeah, they do. They threw him there in a morning for a little while. Kind of like a trial balloon. And then all boy. They went over like a hot air balloon with a hole in it. Not good. I don't even see what's in it. You're a phobeson today. Maybe it's a reprieve for me for the holidays. Eat it. It's a ball. It's a drum. Yeah. All right. Woo. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. That is really something. The people I think they just go out of the street corners. They picked these people up and they put them on here. How do you like to be on CNN? If you were cheap and just read the news off the monitor, they're just just read the school. No problem. Anyways. WQA and hello. Daniel, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. I'd like to possibly add somebody from the local scene onto that pole. Yeah. And I find this person nauseating of not just totally in it and just completely incompetent. And this person makes me nauseous. And the name is Belpiz Narei. Belpiz Narei. I don't think she's like, see, today's overrated celebrity. We're talking about big time. I don't know. Local. Spillpiz Narei. I agree with her. She gives me spillpiz too. But to just, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. When we said we're talking about big, big famous people who are splashed all over the TV. But no thanks. Plus you don't want to have to worry about how to spell it anyway, right? Actually, no, it's about. But we don't want to put her on. There's not too many roles. No, no. Now she's been on plenty of other roles of Ripper Ass. We'll do a pull next week for it. Let her, you Ripper Ass. Hey, Spillpiz. They hate to baby. Disgusting. WQA and hello. Okay, pal. I want to ask her. What do you do with the boys? Okay. Ashley Simpson. She's not her man. Okay. And another thing is. What you really think is, start your old disparity about briskness and all that. It's kind of ridiculous. I'm sick of it. Hey, didn't you get your frankincense and were this year? I'll send you some an assac man. All right, pal. Okay, don't feel left out. That frankincense and were. Yeah, all this, all these fairy tales at all. Let's, so, with a Christmas and the tree. You know, okay, it's fine. It's fun. People with a gifts and I feel obligated to spend a lot of money. It's good for commerce. You know, Hanukkah Christmas, all those other crap. So a bunch of bull crap. It's just a man made bunch of fairy tales. In fact, it was on the KLM flight. Today I had to think about the finish. In Finland is where they invented the first Santa Claus. And then the Dutch picked it up and they called him. Sot their clothes or something like that. And it was kind of an interesting thing. They had like a whole history of this crap where it came from. Man, so this guy's question. I didn't watch a close enough to be able to relate it to you in addition, which is boring. But nevertheless. It's something to do, you know, because people like ritual. They like, oh, it's a certain day of the month. Therefore, we must do this. It's a certain time of the year. Therefore, we must eat this and we must not eat that. And fill in a blanket just the way of controlling people. Of orchestrating your emotions, your actions, your finances, everything that we do. People need to be controlled. And look what a great job religion is done. Keeping people, you know, decent to each other. What a fine job we've done for dealing with each other as humans and with the animal world. And the planet that we live on, we've done a fabulous job of destroying all of these. All of these things. Pretty sad, isn't it? Yes. So that's why we don't think about it too much. Don't get too serious, because you'll probably turn on that John River show. And I know your brains out. Next time she sits in for the king. With Joan and Melissa and Art Lake Leder, who else did she have on her? Hemingway. Isn't Maryel Hemingway, or I get her confused with the one I actually killed herself? Which everyone it is. And it was some other people on there. Like I said, it was so depressing. Right in the middle of the holiday season. It was enough to make you more of your brains out. So I guess that's what they wanted to accomplish. Probably. I would think. It's fitting to want to even blow your brains out. Oh, no, no, no, no. He's coming up next. Here's your line nine again. QAM, Joshua, Curtis line. Hello. Yeah, I want to put the pole. Yes, sir. And I think. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got one for you. Paul. Uh huh. Don Aynis. Okay. That's good. He's still on the ear. I know it's amazing. But there's a good sense. Oh, it's late. You know, Don Aynis. Don. I'm going to come on. I'm going to go. I'm going to get with it. I'm going to get with it. But we're going to break our foot better than a live radio show every morning on TV. What? Just about anything. But that doesn't stop him as NBC from cheating up with radio's original bad boy. Who now looks like an SEO lady. Listen, Bernie. I'm a cell out in turn as coffee sucks. Yes, every morning. See, I miss listening to a table. Other people's cowardly business. I'm on the air. I did not have her to bite into those muckling. Also, when he comes to press one plate, I just see his why he'll be behind the scenes. And it doesn't make you a quietly I man. You're all walrus. Cook hook and chew. I'll definitely some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So what's the deal with the phone? He's topical. What's the deal with his wife, Gary? He's in coherent. I'll tell you why. He's a doubleman. What does that all about? He's a man. He's a man. He's all right. And he's only on MSNBC. A table channel. Nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to. And that's something to get some fresh jingles. It's Illus. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. It's the. I have a child. But the truth is, had 5. 6. Oh, double you. You. And. Here's a little number. I wrote the other day. We'll not duck hunting with a judge. Why? Thank you very much. You can see me. Very. Thank you very much for finding me. 5,000 bucks a week. It's so really out of luck. As more than high deflice was joined you me. So, you very much the FCC. Approving that free speech just isn't free. The clear channels and the dear channel. So how it's done, Musco. A journey general has come. Doesn't like strong words and so. He's charging twice as much is all the drugs for rushly mode. So if you want to so they're very much. So you very much in this book. Or he'll row a girl is sitting on your torch. Reddome. Or Halle button. And run all the companies. Hail. Let's send them a clear signal. I'm sick Martha straight in jail. She's a number two rich bitch. And it's lazy isn't. Hail. So if you want to so they're very much. So you get a chance to tell me too. You and everything you do. Your pace may come as the effect. You haven't got a chance. As far as I'm concerned, your just a face to face don't fall. And ask for con bellies or cheese or things. So let your cast. So feel so very much. So feel very much the EPA. We're giving all the taskers all away. It really is a bummer. When I come to my bummer. So I'm going to go so now that I'm all here to say. So new care in the games. I'm going to take a lesson at a. So you also very much. So what the planet fails. Let's say the great white males come from. You also very much. It's one for D.A. Look at that almost out of time. Can you believe that? Almost. Almost. Come on up next. I'm looking through the D.C.S. here. And you don't get like about 85,000 different bits. Most of which I don't have been played in the long time. And I have one in here. I was thinking about the way you'd respond, especially after that. Little. Don't play it in before. Right. Not my fault. Johnny Cash bit. It's called Lee Ann Farts. Remember Lee Ann rhymes? Yes. And the whole thing. The whole bit is her farting to the tune of different songs. Not for better. Let me hear it. And I'm thinking about myself. I could just see you like if we had 16 different dub buttons. Like just a. Just a. Hop on on it. You want to hear just like a little bit of it. Yeah, it's just a little better nod. Not a good idea. I'm trying to tell you what I'll let you play on. Whatever you do your show. We'll let you play it. And then back to the call. Lee Ann Farts. Listen to it in cue after the show is over. You'll find it. I'm thinking most amusing. Anyway, speaking of most amusing in the mall mice. There's always that we all love. He's coming up next to Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog who is he's out. Mad dog is out until the new year. He's done. Yeah, he's got it. So we got Curtis for the seven, which is always a fine change. And we got Hurricane crab basketball come up. It's pretty good with seven o'clock, seven thirty the game time. And Jesse Agler was highly touted by Josh Curtis. Jesse Agler, nine thirty to two. Highly touted. When you great. Yeah, he's good. You're the one to sell it. He's pretty damn good. If. When we surprised to be that a full time gig pretty soon. I don't know what time. Who's today's most overrated celebrity? I'll just give you the double digits. Okay, because that's all the time we got. We shouldn't even want to move into most time. Parasult in 156. Doctor Phil 32. I mean, she is so far out in front. She's like in a different race track. Howard sperm 26. Donald Trump 23. Or for 16. Tommy Cruz 15. Jessica Simpson 14. Kevin Peter line 13. Sarah Jessica Parker 12. Janet J. Lowe 12. And Martha Stewart that. Oh, pretty wide. Bitches got 10. Bye bye.