Alright, the big day here is the radio station as uh yeah we have the uh the real authentic honest to goodness down the earth no doubt about it yeah best damn pre-game show in the world Are you sure? Yeah yeah okay and at best here we also got the uh post game show the real oh yeah I'm sure we'll have that too We don't have the game and we don't have anything is on it I got the updated schedule seven attendance is T.B.D. and my schedule T.B.D. to be uh the determine uh yeah what does that mean? I don't know but I guess it means we just destroyed in the town. Meanwhile we're on hold as far as the storm is concerned. No not really I'm looking at the uh Mexico radar right now. Well I mean it's slow down or crawl. Well yeah but well it's uh it's uh it's good there it's darn near a cosML man it's right off the It's near Cancun. Yeah but I mean it's uh delayed by about 36 hours from where did you shoot delay? I heard it I heard him say delay. Oh yeah him too nice mugshot by the way yeah I liked that. Yeah smiling you know what I want an arrogant piece of turd Alfred. But he did his you know that was telling George Day they said that Monica Gate was like the Republicans payback for water gate. Yeah well and now payback is a bit you again what goes around comes around it's an rather house of cards between Tom Delay and Bill's fist and a quarter of the price of the good or Libby and Dick Cheney and a whole bunch of uh that Cheney's gonna be indicted yeah that's what it looks like. Yep at home. That's what it looks like. It's probably looks like Monday now yeah maybe late Monday maybe Monday night overnight in Tuesday morning early Tuesday morning like maybe uh who knows. Which everyday it is I'm taking off. Really yeah I'm not coming to work in a hurricane. Yeah well isn't that special. Thanks by the way for giving my phone number to civil event. That was a real pleasure we called me yesterday after no in nice 10 for 10 or 15 minutes. Great what a munch. Yeah he truly is and I told him I said I have all uh I you to thank for everything. Good man so I gave him his number next time I'm in town we're all gonna in fact the three of us are gonna get together. Yeah a me or two. Yeah that would be great. That would be a lot of fun. Yep he's a terrific guy. It was really a pleasure to pick up the phone and actually here's somebody's voice on the other end of the day. What is it talked to you? That's so like you literally right now. That's a cool thing. Yeah oh please oh brother so the book will be out and what about an hour. And don't forget it's not important that we succeed but that oh our friends across the street failed badly that they have horrible numbers. Not that because we do anything to hurt you will find you're gonna cry over there. We'd like to you'll Rose a lot but that's about it. This is gonna be a long day for me. Why is that? Ah this football game I've got the oh we got that game. Did I keep mentioning that because I'm looking at my schedule I don't see it. It's conspicuous by its absence. I have to start working at four o'clock with the ESPN news, the sports center and Jesus NFL tonight and post game interviews. It's a little bit of a cut. Wait down in the gambling time I would imagine unless I bet on a game. It's always a way. Well let's see the dolphins are favorite in this game that I hear somebody say that. By a point point to say that. By a point point to have. Oh give me a break how's that possible. Yeah I'm not sure. I don't know why the next with the line was for the game if you were to play it. Everywhere it's been played on Sunday. Yeah so. How can that be? They want to game Saturday to at home I can't think of any other reason. Oh yeah like that means something. Oh and Teddy Bursky is practicing on the team. Yeah. How do you like that he's coming back he said he hopes to go back for the bill's game next Sunday. Yeah he's actually he's already starting. That is the best news I've heard in since Jesus was a baby but I was fantastic because if any any defense needs some serious help right now that's the one. Yeah well we'll see tonight what happens and we'll see this morning what happens. Big day in the game with the book. Yeah. Oh look and here's one for our poll maybe you have one you'd like to put on here my poll question is what music group we're seeing reduce secretly like what we're never admitted in public. Let's put Neil Diamond on there somebody just facts that in boy. Yeah he's in town tonight. Is he says my wife dragged me to a Neil Diamond concert Monday and I couldn't believe the diverse audience so it was actually a good show end of the poll. I don't like Neil Diamond. Do you know who I'm Neil Diamond? Do I? I've seen him he does a great show. I like that another good one because it's somebody you like a great one for our poll Wayne Newton. That's you know when I started thinking about people who nobody would admit to that's one. I'll tell you you know people like him and they go bird Humphordink you know and then that deal. But Wayne Newton I think village people. Yeah that's good and of course who doesn't really secretly like to build this people or music's a lot of fun and yeah But nobody will admit to it. No of course not. They don't want to be labeled. Right we don't label anybody. Yeah exactly. Next thing that we talking about Raymond Burr and somebody I know get all a burr up his butt. Oh look at that we don't we do have mode today too but uh no no mad dog. No, not did you ever get to watch that thing I know you got a busy schedule. I mean you know what they put me to work yesterday so I haven't had a chance. Oh you know I'll be able to watch look at it before I leave today. Please please I'm begging you it'll put such a smile on your face you're forget about always extra hours you have to work today okay. All right. Sounds good to me. Okay well listen good luck when these numbers come out in fact what I'm going to do is I'm going to take all of our numbers in triple them so in other words I'm going to give like a four I'll say it's a 12. Thanks. And then and then the other place whatever they get out of vibe by three I'll always kind of hard to divide oh my three I'll do that. I probably need all the help I can get but what I want to say that. These morning just have morning's a tough and that's it yesterday boy that thing happened on the show with that press conference I realized I made a big good suicide of that but that was unacceptable. What happened? Why is it that these middle-level management pimps that we had there why can't they just tell you the truth they streamed you know they had the press conference about the judge already yeah I went to on q-wame.com on their website. Well come to find out we can't walk in two come at the same time. It's interesting we didn't have a marlin game on one station in a dolphin game on the same which we've done many many times we can do that somehow and farm one out to another station but we can't stream two different things at the same time so I'm being honest to me and eleven o'clock on my website which we have over a thousand people listen around a country and around a world it uh I don't know to our show on web online every day they had the press conference because they can only stream one thing I guess but they didn't buy the time of that. No so I don't I don't want to talk to those people anymore. Duff and clearance and these flunky they're just they're impossible. I'll be here in a year y'all speak to them for you. And the station is got such you know that they're hit it so far up to marlin's ass. I don't know that as you should well know you know every time the marlin's of management this is jump they see how high I don't get it what's that all about. Got me like a marlin's is some big girl like it says something bargain we got like they're bringing zittians of people to the radio station. The felt good going it. I mean I could I could see if it was like big news or something but it wasn't big news we knew that maybe four that George you were already was new manager it was in the papers in a morning yesterday everybody knew it so what was the big uh it's him is with that who cares. And they've been to magic or coach of the major franchise in town as big news. Is it yeah well you know how I would handle that would like to record to the press conference in a two o'clock I'd have played it on the highlights on the sports wherever is they call updates that's what I would have done. Oh yeah that's a good idea. I played the whole thing. Yeah. There we go again. Don't take much to get you going. Just give him just a lot like a grain of salt and he just runs with it all the sudden we got a mountain of a mobile ash. That's bad. Yeah we know but he will be on the lead into the adult in game which he isn't going to be broadcasting so here and any scuttle about I know you're he's your buddy but anymore scuttle about about Jimmy Ciffleus how is he improving on the games. I don't know I'm in here I've been I haven't listened myself so yeah okay that's a good cup of yeah. Gell the is doing a fine job with those panthers. Nice job by the panthers yesterday it broke the record for our shots in one period. Twenty eight shots in a second period. They've peppered only the goal you like crazy and they want to game last night. It said before an announced crowd of eleven thousand two or something or other. That's pathetic. Yeah there's a veteran announced crowd of eleven thousand. It means you're like maybe four thousand people there. And that's pathetic. Yeah. Well I mean I'd be happy to hear you to see how many people show up at the football game tonight. What do you think and I think a lot of people are concerned about that storm yeah. But the storm isn't coming until Monday this is Friday. Boy you talk about a town of excuses if there's a cloud in the sky. Yes that's a way they aren't here. Over that's got wild diarrhea right away there's a good excuse oh well we didn't want to get the hit you know well okay. I think some people headed for the hills really. Yeah they showed that on the west coast especially when I 75 everybody from my nation. How much a joys was in that group? If anybody sees joys on a highway by the way my mother haven't. Oh brother. He is the vain of our resistance. But of course you know everybody's gonna sign to those contracts that she was pebble on. I remember that oh everybody's gonna sign these. Not sorry joys. I was thinking yesterday that tired I went through between Lebanon and new and about that streaming thing on the press conference. I definitely would have been at least suspended maybe fired if I was signed at the because I would have been in subordination you know. We haven't had one of those in a while. What's that? A suspension. Oh well. Oh well I better get out of here. I'll work on it. Everything weekend. Yeah you too. Go leave. Go see them. Take care. I don't face our movement. I don't want to face my normal life. They hate me. Oh my they always hate me. It must be good. I think you will win. I'm a sporter. I'm a baseball. On my arm like a ramic now we have a lot go on. I got things on my nose nobody knows that under my blows I went empty holes. But that no means that I'm gay. I think my answer they had you want to see my legs. I might as well keep them smoothing, shave the show a little glass. Then next time I'm raping it. I could go to a surgeon. But that gives me the shivers. I wouldn't want to walk up open like Joel Rivers. I might be the fat little freak. I did a mistake but now we get a boy they need. The reason I dismissed that snake and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play contestant. There's so many poor girl but nobody talked from our arms. I wrapped in your dog. Like look at me. I'm hip hip. I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done daddy man. I'm really dead. I buy her anyone I want. I don't care. Especially if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I get by and myself and even happens to the greens. This one once said you can add a hair off we break your legs. So now I sit by the bullflights is good as it gets it's with my paladin cocktail placing bits of the jigs. Power dies. Power dies. I don't just nobody's hands in power dies. I'll be sure that none of the scoogas when I get the jeans but the green is already with my lime green pants. I won't visit tape. Kelsey calls the plate. Do we just a little thought? So what I left this day? I get it. I get it. I want to tell you what I want. I can do what I want. The man is with loves me. Can I tell you something? Mom? Something you ought to know but I'm on this time. I wanted you to be my old. You're my type pal. How I am staying? How about who? Who? Who? Who do you go? I don't take no for an answer to that. But it's not you. I don't have to eat. I don't have to eat. I need to find out if anybody else saw that movie that I wasted two hours watching on cable last night. Don't hurt. Never. Last year is movie. You better get up to date with the times man. You get like me. No, just way back there in the like Boko Brown here. Your brain is set back in the 50. Better get up. Better shut myself in although this weekend I don't think I'll have a choice. Why not? That's right. So anyway, I don't know why I watched it. I had three stars on the teased thing. They were on the bottom. Three stars. Okay. I have to learn my lesson. And I'm not sure that I watched it. I'm just started at the ending with so pathetic. Because it really was a spell by the very strange and bizarre and weird movie. It's called birth. It's from last year. Did Josh ever hear of it? Birth with Nicole Kidman? No. And Lauren because isn't it? No. Sorry. Never heard of it. I think you, um, I don't know. It's very slow. Maybe it's so bad that they released it but then didn't want to really mention anything about it. You know, there's not true. There was a lot of controversy over it. There was. Because, you know, Nicole Kidman's in the bathtub with his 10 year old boy who claims to be her dead husband reincarnated. And uh, there they are. But uh, I will give them that. Maybe somebody on your scene. I would recommend watching it, but just let me tell you right now. I don't want to spoil it for you. But the ending is just, uh, it's unacceptable. What's the hard part? Yeah, making a good ending to a movie. That seems to be uh, that's the challenge. The worst problem. The worst challenge for all these filmmakers is making a good ending to a movie. In fact, that's why you see some of these movies that get like alternate endings. You buy the DVD and if you didn't like that and they watch you number right. You know, well, how about this one? How do you do everybody? No. This one any good? The rather. Anyways, 10 13. We got the latest on Wilmoville pass out along. You don't get all panicking. I got plenty of time to get. I see a lot of people are watching this stuff on the news and everybody's running out there to load up their tanks and their grab and their plywood. Yeah, always reach us fine, but just throw over doing okay. You got to gas. Man, what is wrong with your people? Just because there's a big killer hurricane coming. I mean, mostly, what's what happens? I'm looking at that, uh, found some really good Mexico radar. Really? Yeah. Well, I mean, for this, you got to take a look at the ukutan man and that thing is getting real real close. It's moving on in some over the past, but it's moving on in to the east side, a little bit harder. So we'll see what's going on. Looks like Monday, sometime Monday. But then again yesterday, we said it was like, sometimes Sunday. So who knows? Because these things, they stall, they stop, they start, they do this, they go back, they will be no. 10 14 if 5 60 W if you weigh in with the. The Rogers God. I recommend it! You said. We've got to be the notice, they got the mayoral bonus mayor of that blueesseburg. We've raised something out of the headlock wood, oohoo. We've told the folks of a crisis packet bay out,eto theirs information world or to mmm. Many means they have their own responsibility. I'm dying out of the way. Okay, 20 past 10. Let's introduce today's pool. Okay, because once we get through all the real much stuff, and then yesterday's pool, we got Dead Americans and Iraqis and stuff. By the time we get to that, it'll be like almost raining time. All right. Okay, so we're going to be going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be going to be a little bit more careful. Okay, so we're going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. By the time we get to that, it'll be like almost raining time. All right. What we never did this pool before, and I like it. I think everybody likes it. I had a couple of good choices on there. Yes, he did. In fact, those people already got three votes. Neil Diamond's already got five. The poll question is, what music group we're seeing are do you secretly like, but never admitted? Never telling, but he'd because it's too embarrassing. And it's good to, I like it. What the inspired me on that? I don't know. I don't know. Just out of nowhere came to me. Like, like, inspiration from God. Very manalo's got 52 votes already. I don't think you can touch very in any again. Who the hell would want to? Especially with those spandex fans. Very manalo 52, George Michael 25, boy George 22, you see the common thread there. Yeah. M&M 19, and L. John 19, Steve in 15, they're out of gas. Maybe before the hurricane was coming. Monkey's 14. I'm, I bet you like almost everywhere. I really like the monkeys, but nobody admitted because well. I'm monkey. I bet you like that. That's where monkey's shirt. Love the monkeys. They're music was fun. John Von Jobe Twill, that was my vote. I would never admit it though. I've already been 11, R.M 11, Elvis 11, R.O. Speedwagon 10. Rick Nelson A. He's still dead. Barbara's Christan 7. Will Smith 6, Neil Diamond 5, A legend in his own mind. Or he just moved up to 6. Neil Diamond, he takes himself very seriously because he's A. And it would have like, remember how Simon and Garfunkel are as a certain bunch of their records. They were like like bridge over trouble water in the box. They were very long and they were like epic performances. Right. And Neil Diamond takes himself in that same genre, which I find most of the disturbing. That's a good point. Yes. Pride Adams 5, 425, play A.K. and 5, Bobby Vitton 5. Oh, she will blue. If you want to see the timeline for a series that you want to buy those great love songs that he has in the 60s and 70s. That was, and did you watch the later David Hansen? No, I've always hated Bobby Vitton and I'm very pleased. I don't mind not to doubt it like this. I'll shout it to from the rooftops. I can't stand Bobby Vitton in the Polish prince. Boston 4, and Marie from Boston 4 in New York 3. And Marie 4, and Marie 4, people actually like Anne Marie. What a guy. The village people stream. Rune 5, 3. I have no idea who that is. A boy band I think. Rune 5? I don't know if that was my vote. Who is it who are they? They're like a band, but they're, you know. Oh, I got another one for us being a best read voice. Right? Okay. Well, you like one of their songs? What's one of their songs? I love the best read voice. Is that Rune 5? Yeah. How about O-town? Not the whole town. But O-town. That's another boy band. Let's put a couple of those on it. And also I'll say another one that nobody, nobody better admit to like in this group. Speaking of boy bands, let me give you a little bit of a clue. Bye bye. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You like, I'm, in fact, now that's a lot changed in Florida. If you admit to like it in sync. Well, looking real sharp though, but we're also shooting and blow your brains out. Or at least we'll shoot you where your brains were supposed to be. David Cassidy 3, and Wayne Newton got one. Wayne's only got one. Kind of like Tom Green. So there you go. That's today's pool. And let's get him. Let's get that a bit missy. I'm going to be his calls. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. So I was kind of confused by the end of the movie. So what was your take on what happened? I have no idea. I don't know. I don't want to say what happened because nobody will watch it. But it just didn't mean anything to me. You, you, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if you want me to say it. No, you better not cause that a Rune movie. Don't know what's seriously, but his, you know, what's your name? Anne H. that played the, his former, the, then husband Sean's lover. Yeah. The scene, because I read some stuff online after I watched it, because I was so perplexed. And the scene where he, she takes the little boy to the bathroom. And she writes, she writes her address on his wrist. He gets a pen and she writes it on his arm or whatever. And she says, I'm moved. Okay. And he, he says, he says, don't tell Anna. Okay. So in other words, at that point, it's kind of like he is Sean. And I was, you know, is what she's talking about. And he's got to come and see her and you're out of here. But then later on, of course, say, well, I don't want to spoil me. Yeah. Well, he wasn't messing around with her. When I think he was. And I think, uh, well, the husband was, yeah, that's, that's true. And he was. And I think it was him. But I think when he realized that he was messing around. Yeah. He, uh, got out of the room and everybody's. And also, maybe when the fiance kicked a crap out of there and does he really that can't Okay. Yeah. I might have given her a message. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pal. All right. Good luck. And that's somebody else wasted two hours to see a birth with, uh, I said, yes, she was great. Nicole, Kevin, I mean, you know, the town crucing, I will hold against her. And I'm sure Tom didn't either come positive. He's a, uh, she's unscathed. Let me ask you though, that she get naked at all. Yes. Oh, there was a, a very vivid, I mean, it was real shrubbing sex scenes. What if he wants to say, well, her, uh, doing the deed and bed. Yeah. I mean, just, yeah, and you saw a little bit, I wouldn't say she got naked, but, uh, there was like stuff about being around. He's got to naked, uh, or another movie. I see. Well, no, I, yeah, I think you'd like this. All right. I wouldn't go on by it. I wouldn't go that far, but if it pops up on table, far. You know, free. Okay. Yeah. I wouldn't say it's well worth that price. And, uh, you know, I don't know. Look at that. Can I go inside Susan, that's a good friend Susan, can't be out of the only person we like can? We like her a lot. better m this the closing in on you, container, like, I told you for the AI- AI- AI, All of these on the… horse in Myad, I still remember. Would he have died for the 2002 and C were!? Little frown connection. Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude! Faccę of owning a hat. Okay. Whatever you say, Susan. The state trying. I can get nervous about the way they send all these people out there and getting soped and blowing away and stuff like that. name will be on there. Haven't seen him or is Rob Marciano when we need him on CNN. So the weather guy, oh, how do you do this running around half naked in the rain lately because they found that a scrubber they got like a sex symbol there and might as well put him on because nobody wants to see old Lou Dobbs naked. 27 after 10 that's five sixty W two way I'm on the fact that I'm way ahead of myself. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Friday you best dude. Thanks for helping me out with the hurricane preparation. You are my friend, Moe, you're my friend, Moe, you're my friend, Moe, you're my friend. They're going to have another snores. But is your power going on? That's about a week before the storm got here. Me too. Make your wonder. Yeah. Mmm hmm hmm hmm hmm. Really fun to blow now. Like your show now. Hold the ladder. I'm coming down. I'm not going to get my list out. Right. Why you? I can't. I'm going to get my list out. I'm going to get my list out. I'm going to get my list out. I'm going to get my list out. You're hoating out. You're hoating out. I'm going to get my list out. You're like that. Look, I'm the Kenya. What about him? What about him? What about him? Ten, thirty, two, a Q, A, I'm anyway. So we got those a blind school in now. Look at that. The TV, the seven, the ten hours. Basically, we give up at that point. See, as opposed to putting something on it might be an alternative for people who watch off to transmitter maintenance. The real dolphin pregame show at L. Plasio at 4, but then at 7 o'clock he had, we got three hours of replays, Hank and Tom Curtis, Hank and Boach Davis, Hank and Demik Berdio, Hank and Bino Cook, I didn't like that. And then in nine, the Troy Equin show from a sporting news radio, followed a course at 10 by the real dolphin post game show, and it became midnight. So please let's check back with this after you finish watching the dolphin's get pounded by Kansas City. Here's a very good one for the full and how come I didn't think of this. Neal Sedaca, right? Jonathan and Plantation says, I always love that song, after you're in the ring from the 70s, does that make me gay? Yes, have a great day and all of those backers get to the house, okay, thanks Jonathan. Also, somebody says put journey on your full. That's another good one. Who the hell would I? It's your turn. Okay, here's the, eight a.m. which I don't know why I'm doing this now, because in about 20 minutes, you'll be in 11 a.m. but it'll kill some good time and I'm going to read these some out of 11 30 and then people have it looked, right? Start looking. Okay, a hurricane warning remains an effect from San for leaping to Chitemol on the UK 10 for the following. I'm closing in. It is closing in on Cancun. I mean, Vitaum closing in. A tropical storm warning hurricane watch remain an effect from west of San Felipe to Celestoon. A tropical storm warning remains an effect from Belize from the border with Mexico, South Puerto Belize City. A tropical storm warning is an effect from the provinces of La Habana, South Atlanta, Habana, Pinar del Rio and the Isle of Youth. Hurricane watch remains an effect in Cuba for the provinces of Montanza, Westward to Pinar del Rio and for the Isle of It's seven o'clock this morning central. It's eight o'clock our time. The center hurricane Wilma was near Atlanta to 20.1 north-longitude 86.3 west ore about 50 miles south east of Cousamel. It's closing in. It's bearing down. Wilma's moving toward the north north west near six miles an hour. On this track, the core Wilma will be near or very near, over Cousamel this morning and near the north eastern coast of the UK 10 peninsula today. However, Wilma has a large circulation in hurricane conditions. It'll probably already be in the eastern coast of Melomel and Long Ports of the northeast and coast of the UK 10. Cancunway to our continued to hero strong rain bands over Cousamel and Cancun. Maximum sustained winds of decreased slightly near 145 miles an hour with higher gusts. Wilma's a category four on the San Francisco scale. Some fluctuations in intensity possible today. Hurricane force winds extend outward up to 85 miles from the center of the tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 200 miles. That's it. It's a lot of caca. Cousamel storm surge flooding of 7 to 11 feet above normal and is expected along with large and dangerous battering waves near and to the far north of the center along the northeast of New Cadam Peninsula estimated minimum central pressure is 930 millibar 27.46 inches. Wilma's expected to produce 10 to 20 inches of rain through Sunday across portions of western Cuba, New Cadam, two Sunday, with isolated amounts of 40 inches possible especially over higher terrain of western Cuba. Out of rain bands will continue to affect portions of southern Florida especially the keys with some two to four inches of rain possible through Sunday. Next, the virus base coming out in about 24 minutes. This is coming. And as far as South Florida's concern this is what the Sun Sentinel says, Wilma's director's top Florida's eased ever so slightly because the system was expected to weaken after making linefall on the UK today under the latest project and I noticed that whoever that dog faced Bonnie Schneider, whatever he is on CNN, she showed the new track is a little bit north. It's like the eye going like right under Lake, a little bit South Lake Ocachobe. Yeah. Which again is very very much. I don't want to be definitive about it because it's not, but just that's where the new projection is at least one of them. But under the latest projections, Wilma went ahead for his west coast later on Monday is a category two storm of the 110 miles in our winds while previous forecast call for a dangerous category four, which it is now. It is going to be even better for South Florida, which could see a category one or possibly even a trouble storm by the Monday, early Tuesday. Possibly a trouble storm would not be something that would be. I'll say, O.G. You've got to solve with up into a frenzy when I'm but all that plywood and water in this queen and that queen. Yeah. Well, just just be prepared. Okay. Better be safe. And all the pens are just how long it sits out there on the UK Tans that Eric Blake needed rather than the National Hurricane Center makes all the difference in the world for South Florida. However, forecast is warranted for rain stick and pre-tip preparations by Saturday, which sounds like tomorrow to me, because intensity for cask and contain large areas, meaning Wilma could still strike South Florida as a cat two or three. Max Mayfield, mumble that people just need to keep their eye on this, be ready to take action. That's what he was mumbling for. He really does mumbling. He's gotten really bad. All right. I'm going to show you things that are actually going so incredibly well that I had this story that I was going to do today, but it's now outdated already. For you as Army soldiers in the US Marine, we're killed in roadside bombings in Iraq yesterday. While at least four Iraqis were killed when the suicide bomber attacked the US military convoe, but now the bad news that for more Americans soldiers died today over there. In this fantastic effort that we're doing the march to freedom. So 1990 was not only a very good year, but it's a very bad number because that's an over American soldiers killed so far in this war based on a total fabrication lies BS a bunch of neoconologites. The wig group, the White House Iraq group, inside that building of insanity pathetic. We're going to have three hundred and twenty six votes. See where we're going on that, which is good. We're going to put your you know to the challenge today. If we get 500 votes, we'll be happy with that. Okay. No pressure. No pressure. The only pressure as an EI that hurt by a bigger part, I said low pressure. You're going to as bad as you're in. I didn't have to see that mad dog thing. No, he still has a command here. Well, why not? Jesus, Humper. I'll go look for him during the break. Go grab his fat ass. Oh, I see if he spelled a monkey's. Do we spell it wrong? I probably just told her. That's probably my bad. Yeah, that's my bad because I wrote out the thing for you. I told her with the EY. It should be with E. Well, thank you so much. It said not monkeys like mo. I got to be the one who said mo. Thank you very much. We are very, we're real concerned about this going on our website. Here's the pull result from yesterday who is your all-time favorite American. We had 1716 votes. Bill Clinton 337. He wins by a mile. Bubble wins and hands down your pants, baby. Ben Franklin 180. Go fly a kite, Ben. Thomas Jefferson and JFK tied a 110 piece. They both like the ladies. A lot. He would have to have their 105. Also, I see that. Look at that. The top. All of them. One, two, three, four, five, six. We're all real womanizes. He might be like a wheelchair. Clinton, Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, JFK. Who have to have their 105, 50, or 93? Now, after that, a Blake in 91 who they say, rumor is maybe didn't like the ladies so much. And of course, when he were married to somebody like he was, that was no lady right? To the net. Wow. That's just that. But she looked like a guy. As a matter of fact, Nicole Kimman in this movie last night, the kid is very strange bizarre. And the two of them both look like, you know what I'm saying? Like, you have to really check for the equipment to find out what the hell they are. They're very, but you was, yes. Ronnie Reagan 72, George Washington 58, Thomas and 50 who stole all those patents, damn it. Mark 246, Albert 9, 745. And I'm at Ali 39, Al Gorestein 38. A lot of Jews on this list. Frank Zephyr 34, Elvis 34, he was Jewish, Thomas Payne had about 30 minutes in mind. Well, there's a 28. Reverend Jones 25, but he must have been tapping this thing for hours, you know what? The Chitty Roosevelt 25 and George W. Bush 25, also a crank vote. Second, you'll be a 18, Johnny Carson 16. Ed McMan was on this morning on scene, did look a day over the age of 100. Five hope in Maryland and row 13, a peace-lance Armstrong 11, Michael Jordan 10, baby route, head eight, baby route, Steve Perry 8, Rush Limbaugh 8, what to know, boy, go away. Dr. Bruce 7, Mickey Mendel 6, Lenny Bruce 6, Alfred Kinsey 5, a very perverted guy. Neil Armstrong, 4, will he may as three, Al Gore 3, Joe to Matthew 1, Marlon Brando 1, and Will Chamberlain had the big many times been to stand. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. The Pupilboka. Attention, Dean sit there. You are not safe. Our militancy cladists were soon made this street run with your blood as we bring up on you and Holy Reino. I have a devastating, but I have some good notes. I just said, I know the money on my gut insurance by switching to a guy call. Guy go, 15 minutes could save you 15% or more. I'm current insurance. A little over the top there. I think 1046 and QAM. Here's one that says, please add Michael Jackson. That could put me to win her if he asked me. He might pass very manlow like very was early in prone with those fan-dex pants. And also, there's another one that says, I like this. Keith and Boca says, Aqua, the bandit sings Barbie girl. What's not to like, right? Right? You know, like Aqua? That and Anna and Anna. Just by the odds and the the tripped top list. Yeah, like Aqua a lot. There you go. See? We need nice stuff. The pull of the nasty, why you're like them? It just is what music group we're seeing. You secretly like what we're never admitted to. I can never want to hear the sound again. But George, we like her work that he is. Okay, so we have those two on a much of Jackson. I think could be the winner. Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff was so angry about the public statements of former ambassador Joseph Wilson. They bush him administrative administration credit, Mary and do undercover CI office or Valerie Plain. They monitored all of Wilson's TV appearances in urged the White House to mod an aggressive public campaign against him, former AIDS say. Well, I'm not intended. The screws are getting twisted tighter and tighter and tighter and tighter aren't they? Who did that song, tighter and tighter? I don't know. I can look it up. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. This book is coming apart in chunks. I don't like that. I don't know, tighter and tighter. I just have tighter tighter. Is that it? That's it? A live in kicking. That's it. July 1970. But third man 35 years ago. Anyway, nobody's going to put a live in kicking on there. Getting by goes efforts by chief of staff. I Lewis Scooter, let me begin shortly after Wilson my public with his criticism in 2003, but they continued in the last year. Well, after the justice department began an investigation in the, in September 2003, and the weather administration officials had illegally disclosed the CI operatives identity. While other administration officials were maintaining a careful distance from Wilson in 2004, Libby ordered up a company of information that could be used to rebut Wilson's claims that the administration had twisted intelligence to exaggerate to threaten Iraq before the West invasion, as if there's any doubt. Libby press the administration to publicly counter Wilson, sparking a aid of bait with other White House officials without the tactic would call more attention to the formula for that in his criticisms. That's a bait in the NAFTA, and April 2004, meeting in the office of White House Communication Director Daniel Bartlett. When staffers were told, don't engage Wilson, according to notes taken during the mean by one person present. Scooter had a plan to counter Wilson, and a passionate desire to do so, set a second person, a former White House official, familiar with the internal deliberations. Like other former White House staff, this person spoke on Canisney Valley, and he, because he earned illegal bad news. How do you like that? This compending by the way, used bold face tag to call attendance, certain comments by Wilson such as one of the daily Iowen, the University of Iowa Student newspaper, and Wilson was quoted as calling Dick Cheney a lying son of a bitch. Throw it from it's wrong with that. It also highlighted Wilson's answers to questions from TV journalists about his work with Senator John Kerry, the Democratic presidential nominee. The intensity would, to which Libby reacted to Wilson, I've seen you went House Staffers puzzled, and if you and few would agree with this counter-attached, I'll request a rationale. How do you like that? This is on and on. Anybody else see that movie, Birth? I'm shocked that we actually had a call right off the bat. Me too. I don't know how to do that without Sporman, because it's a very, you know, Sporman, huh? Don't Sporman. Why don't we say the money? WKWAM, hello. A nail for your father. How about that right wing lunatic Ted Nuggest? Okay. Yeah, he makes a big cheney look like John Lennon. Like Ted Kennedy. Yeah, really. Okay, thanks. All right. See you. I'm going to give you some more calls on Birth. WKWAM, hello. A nail good morning. Yes, sir. When is this? I didn't hear you say a kiss on the poll. Not yet. Well, we did now. Okay. Yeah, you can't. You can't leave them out. And by the way, I'm not a member of Kiss, but I did sleep at a holiday in Express last night. That was that right? Have a great day. How you never saw this spot? So you didn't see the commercially members. And Kiss is very good. By the way, so it was a pain just walked in and said, that was a seroton. He saw it. Yeah. It was a circle. If you missed it, it was on the Sun Civil thing. We probably should have put on our website, but we're too lazy to do. We got so many other fish to fry. We got that Wilma tracking map on there. And actually, that's not the tracking map I'd like to have on her. Maybe we can't put the other ones on there. The ones that are in motion, you know, I'm maybe we can't do those. The animated ones. What would get it? Data intensive. Yeah. I like I said the one we got on there is just fine. That's what we did last time last two when they're air student. Wonderful job. Anyway, let me just read you a review. Because I was so I, you probably do this too. You see a movie in any wonder. What did I just see in the go out? Many turns. And I went into my books, but I have a 2005 movie book, but it's because this was from last year. It's just was how too late to be in that book. So there's nothing about it. So I went online. Here's a review by John Poppek, Kior movies, movies that matter of birth. And it says January is frozen food month and February is black history month, but does anybody know what that October is? Apparently, at least when it comes to cinema, it's a woman in late 30s. The movie was what made me be the reincarnation of her first and best lover month. Dylan kids. PS first tackle the subject. And now Jonathan Blazer, sexy beast, takes the reins with a cold kidman replacing Laura Lini in birth. A film that reminded me both of these still quite Kubrick chamber piece and Rosemary's baby. Hey. No, I'm not sure. I think that's good. That's good description. The baby references do more diverse setting and casting and content. Kidman's Anna like Mia Ferro's Rosemary is frighteningly thin has a pixie haircut and a tiny timid voice as well as a fancy central park apartment in a place in the upper crust of Manhattan social elite. Anna's husband Sean died 10 years ago, but she's fully finally moved on enough for a set-of marriage proposal from Joseph played by Danny Houston, a silver city who was very bad by what he's an awful. Shortly after their lavish engagement party, Anna's confronted by a 10 year old kid named Sean played by Cameron Bright, God send. Oh brother, that was the movie he was in God send, he sure isn't. Who plans to be her deceased husband, he's bizarre. Anna handles it like you've expected. First she's startled, then filled with indifferent anger and then she has a good laugh about it because it's so damn cute. But his little shot begins to cop up important details about their relationship and a like Rosemary becomes more and more frazzled. This sets off a downloadable effect of insanity poisoning just about everyone it touches. Anna is well on her way to Kuku with the on stage Joseph Sean's mother and wife for Sean and his best man and Paige fallen quickly behind her. Only Anna however is viable Sean's story and that leads to a couple of scenes that have births less sophisticated viewers squirming in agony. It's acting you boobs it says here. Yeah, I believe you're uncomfortable and she's in the bathtub naked with that little boy and takes his clothes away. Well, anyway it's not good. Birth despite having a couple of fairly major flaws is still riveting to watch from at six feet underish opening. We know Ben Sean is going to buy it but how will it happen to us slightly unsatisfying finale. It's definitely the kind of movie you'll be talking about the rest of the day when you're right about that. The acting is terrific across the board except for the husband, the infancy and Kidman has much more chemistry than bright with bright than she did with Anthony Hopkins in last year's The Human Stain. Alexander Desplatt grew over the Pearl Irrain contributes in outstanding fairy tales score and glazed along with Gus Van Sans regular photographer Harris and BBC M2V taking a hugely from creating countless music video type films to intensely thought for booking cinema. And I had one other piece on it here too. It said something about what I was like I said I had it and it's gone. It's in my file. So I'm sure you know it's something over the weekend you're going to be like shut in. Go out there and read it. Don't buy it. Read it. Real cheap. And I think you'll be fast now. You can't stop watching it because you keep wondering okay well what's so is this for real is this the MS what's the hook here what's the story and then of course when it ends you still don't know. Great. How many QAN hello? Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey up. Come and ask you. How come the country isn't even the last rows and the white off any love? Uh, I love this. WQAN hello. Yeah. You're doing Neil. Okay sir. Hey, I need to ask you something. You need to clarify is a bench warmer on the coach. The, you know, the suit coach here we got for the Marlins. He's a bench warmer. What does that mean is they keep no the moment. Hello coach. Have a new manager. Better get your jargon right man. You're not qualified to be called QAN this sports station manager. Coach is in football. Managers in baseball. Okay. Coach is in hockey and NBA in football. Managers in baseball and radio. Anyway, what do you just oh Josh Grobin. I have no idea who that one. I googled him but I still don't know who he is. Do we know who there's the Josh Grobin? It's he's either a speaker Italian, some sort judging by the titles that I find out. I don't know who that is. Don't put a mind if he's a little bit more. I won't have that nobody ever heard of before. I wouldn't admit to like him because I don't know who the hell he is. How about Luis Miguel? If you wish. Yeah, don't just think that's a little bit. Yeah, you know, most guys, I mean, I can see women in middle and black and I don't know what we don't have any women listening anyway. In fact, when the book comes out about 35 minutes for whose county you'll see, we have virtually no female audience. They have just vanished from this show from this station. I've got to understand why they're not listening to sports stuff because who the healthcare is, you know, but that's just, that just eats, eats away of me. Do you believe that? No, I don't care. We don't get bonuses basically. It'd be nice, but whatever. Yeah, we don't get bonuses based on lady listeners for a way. Now that's not too bad. One more will have 409 like to beat boys. And what's that cleaning stuff? Isn't it also for all we got for today and we have to write over it for four days. What music group or singer do you secretly like, but would never admit to it in public because everybody like followed our length in their ass off action? 1056 34 minutes away from the book, but who's counting? This is Emil Rogers. This is 516. Oh Who's he running? Yeah If you burn me, if you burn me If I live too close. They pour you for airs. Gilito. Few cast fees. Be aware that they'll reduce with the life I'm the life-changing designer We sing like a bunch of movie-wires I'm perstained, our days and days we gotta sing We sing like a game Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls Who think we're as cute as we be in jail But as they get older, they all figure out We're hiding our latest scenes Yeah, one thing is for sure we do Man, make sure we do We're so close, we're all the games inside We go, don't you do But our session is so fine, though But today we think that we can dance We sing like a game I swear we'll laugh Sure, and we believe you know what? No, it's 11.02.56. We're going to have to do it five, six, and you can't 20, even before that big book comes out The summer arbitrarium raining The pressure is built, you can almost smell The wild cheese being cut all over every Radio building in the market Sporke's a bit across the street Man, Joel is probably he's probably already He even the furniture around Just calm down Joel, okay, you're getting like Sonny in the godfather Reputation for having a real bad temper Anyway, here's some facts as Neil Let's see, how about abba for your pull? That's a very good one Nicole from the store goddess I like her a lot, and she's great in birth Birth Also, Michael Bolton, somebody says, Ryan, hey Ryan, I think you've stepped away over the line Ryan It says I personally can't stand a man But somehow he starts to queer making music Well, my question would be, one second to start Right, Michael Bolton, I'll get asked to go To show it in a bit, and also somebody says Bit Miller, which I think we ought to put her on there And you know who else if we're going to put bedminton around there? Who? Lies him in LA Okay Hello everyone, what's up? That was Michael Bolton Oh, what did you do then? Oh, just did we enough tourists and a few days today You know everything's been going along much too well That's why they pull that sound yesterday Things are going to be, they don't like that They like crisis, they like conflict They like lies and pissing people off They like that a lot And I'm very pleased that neither one of those clowns came anywhere in dark And I'd do it this morning I was good, not at least it was me I don't want to deal with them I need a long rest, there's bedmittler, the wind beneath her thing Florida's west coast, Monday afternoon That's what they're talking about now for Wilman In fact, here's the 11 o'clock advisory I'm going to let you talk me to put that on I hate going through all of this again But you know something we are better do it Vissons were, this station goes a drip he takes down news And being aware of what's happening in the world Don't forget we got to real golf and free game Following mode today from 4 to 7 at the L-Poloncio Whatever that is And then you got all those replays and stuff that we're too embarrassed to talk about 10 o'clock to real golf and post game show From the Elpolocio whatever that is And I'd cap that midnight We're going to be dolphin intensive even though of course We didn't want to pay for an half million dollars to the broadcast Right, we let Joel lose his eyes to an end And of course if it often should get pasted tonight It could be a that would be two and four and that would be a very ugly situation Wouldn't it, John? Yes, it would be two and four We're finally bringing these people to the realization And all this BS they were talking about weeks ago Oh, we're talking super bollodon Yeah, right What do we say? Hurricane warning remains in effect from a San Felipe to Tidimol on the UK Tant Peninsula, including Cousin all in nearby islands This is going to sound familiar but too bad The tropical storm warning in a hurricane watch remains in effect from West A San Felipe to Celestoon at the Levitoclactis morning The government of Belize has discontinued their travel storm warning For Belize from the border with Mexico south of the police city Well, good evening for them A tropical storm warning is in effect for the provinces of La Habana See you dad Le Habana Pinard del Rio and the island of youth A hurricane watch remains in effect in Cuba For the provinces of Montanza's West For a European or El Rio and the Alavut For instrumental right, let's see all interest in the Florida Keys and the Florida Peninsula Should closely monitor the progress of extremely dangerous There it is again extremely dangerous hurricane willma Oh my god I love to talk to center of a hurricane willma is located in the Lodge to 20.2 north I say it latitude Lodge to do 86.5 west about 35 miles south east of Cousin, El Mexico Wilma is moving toward the northwest near five miles in our province It's slowing down even more on this track to court will be over Cousin Over the next several hours in the north eastern coast of the U.C. And peninsula later today or tonight. However Wilma has a large circulation hurricane Ganescent probably already being a strong force in the northeast and coast of U.C. Can't wait our continues to show strong rain bands over Cousin Malican Cooing Maximum sustained winds near 145 MPH with higher gust Wilma is a category for right now Some fluctuations intensity possibly before Wilma makes landfall On the northeast and coast of the U.C. can land Later today or tonight. Hurricane force winds are standing out What a 85 mile from the center. Proper storm force winds are standing out What up to a 200 miles. No, recently reported to sustain winds of 62 miles an hour and 31 foot Cs Woo estimated minimum central pressure 930 nine About 27.46 inches Coastal storm surge flooding of a surge flooding is 7.5 MPH and a total of 11.5 MPH The winds are falling down at about normal tide levels along with large and dangerous Battering waves can be expected near into the north of the center along the north east of the U.C. can be expected to produce 10 due 20 inches of rain through Sunday cross-courses in the west of the U.C. with isolated amounts of 40 inches possible, hole, in, hole, in, hole, in, at sounds like a flood in your pants. Out of rain bands will continue to affect forces of southern and southern Ford especially the keys with some two to four inches of rain still possible through Sunday. Again, they're talking now. in their anticipating, making landfall on the west coast to Florida sometime Monday afternoon. Repeating the opposite round of one repeat. Another intermediate advisor coming up for two and they completed advisory at five. There we go. There you got it. Twenty ten minutes away from the ratings coming out but who's counting? Well I bet you this tremendous anticipation inside that building. I bet you're like walking on eggshells when you think. Suddenly that's why it smells like egg hard. So I'll over the building. There's walking on those eggshells. That's why I'm cranking up the onions today. And attorney for the code of editing a former racking dictator, Saddam Hussein was found shot in the head. It's still a few was kidnapped by gunmen yesterday. Saddoun, Janabe, was working in his office in Baghdad. And when five gunmen stroked in abducted him, office he said his body was found between 10 and 11 o'clock last night near Furdars Mosque in the bank. The van, the van, whoop neighbor, heard of Northern Baghdad. But wasn't officially identified till this morning. He was shot once. Five gunmen go to the solar mantees, you know. Oh, they're all good. They looked a one good one. They did it. Five six seven, five six you know, here we're, we've used a birth because now I'm just fascinated by this movie. I can't even believe I want to. So let me ask you what did you do after birth. You talking about our friend again? Oh, don't do that, do I? WQAM hello. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, we'll be in studio. No, boy. WQAM, hello. That was an unusual beginning for him. I was a character, yes sir. Okay, Ricky Martin's a good choice. He's whispering and I don't believe that. That made me, right there with Michael Jackson. I think those are the two winners. Five six seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. What music group we're singing you secretly like, but would never admit it. Certainly not in public. This guy only whispered Ricky Martin. Oh man, hey Ricky, you're fair. WQAM. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I was just wondering if you can break down the match up between our offensive line and KTC defensive line. Yeah, break down. Yeah, I haven't ever reached break down. That's my suit. Sound lucky. I really had a. Somebody QAM hello. That was probably clearance doing a voice. QAM hello. Hey, I mean, I will use. Okay, you stole my other company with that. It was like, oh, in the status community. If you say like me from the get, I think the automatic you say that you're. Great. Yay. It's a good thing. Who got all your book at home, yeah. Neil, two quick picks. Did you see the hearing? I mean, we can play a dirty. Maybe that they said that that the. The guy that was Joe is, uh, is that's the getting the who leaked in Niger's documents. If they find out, it was one of these people, I think they're going to increase the whole, uh, why house that. A wrestling. Neil, uh, one. Let's make a. A wrestling. A round. One shameless famous request. Are you a couple of days ago? A very close. Like, big of talking pie, talking to pie? Yeah. Can you please play that? My brother is a he has to listen to it. Puffy pie? Yeah. And now language lab, the show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson Greek. Listen one. Scrawberry pie. Some very pie. Listen two apple pie. Apple pie. Lesson three pumpkin pie. Thank you pie. Customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie, stormberry and pumpkin pie. Language lab is a public service. I mean, not be copied or if I freeze, I'll thank you. Okay. What's this thing here from, uh, whoever this is? Oh, efferman baton rouge. It's long and it's ponderous about the father's war. They serve their country, lose their children, not that by Stephen Baskerville. Oh, he's always hounding these people all the time. You know, cute. Yeah. Posted in the news on website lines for our analysis. Hey, everyone. Thanks very much. And this day, say, see, effort was just rubbing in because New Orleans and the baton Rouge ain't going to give this time. And flow right there. Looks like almost certainly going to give it. They're going to get it. You're going to get it. 454 votes on a poll. Our goal today is 455. I think we can maybe get that by two a client. We don't want to put any pressure because we know that you people are busy and rightfully so going out there. Don't get all panicky and hysterical and don't forget if somebody reaches in front of you, like tries to elbow and front and grab that last bottle of bottle of water. But I'm saying that's all in your fat ass. Governor, we'll come down and award you a purple heart and a goal star in a purple jelly being on top of it. And maybe Jerry Wichner's hairpiece, the green one. Seriously, he had the only comedian hairpiece I raised to change colors from like and not good colors either, but like green, the purple to orange just bizarre. What music group were singer? Do you see for the life of a never admitted very manllow 79? Hey, Barry. You're fairie. And speaking of Barry, Barry Jackass is conspicuous. He must be on vacation or something. Maybe mommy will as it a quick brown bag in it for him. He can't go to work. No, I don't know. He hasn't had a column since before Jesus was a baby. It's Friday morning and then I turned over to sarny stuff. He had absolutely nothing. No, nothing of any interest Jim sarny. Nothing. Boring. We're going to boring crap. Very manllow 79 George Michael 49. Boy George 31, Elton John 28, M&M 25, Monkeys 20, Barbara Streisand 17, Neil Diamond 16, I think that's a magnificent pairing. They're both much too Jewish for me. Steely Dan 16, R.A.M 14, Rick Nelson and John Bond John, whatever his name is 13. Why is it that everybody hates Bond? Joby so much. And they also always go to the day. He's got a wife, you know, because they suck. I wonder. Oh, come on. What was that one? Oh, I know what it was, women. I think I got it. I think I might have it. Maybe not. No, I'm not. Not it. Why? Isn't it called it's my life? It's my wife. What was that song he had? That's what? That's my life. You didn't like that song? No. Okay, you did. Uh, Abarolenean 12, Elvis 12, Areos Speedwagon 11, Village People 10, Who was not the like? Will Smith 8, Ford and a foreigner 8, Bobby Vitt and how can you not love foreigner? Jesus, what's wrong with why I love foreigner? Try to stop me, Vitt and 8, Backspeed boy 7, Clay 8, and 7 Michael Jackson 6, journey 6, Instinct has got 6, Brian Adam 6, Canadian Boy, and we're not too proud of it. Abarolenean 6, Moron 5, 5, what would you expect? Way Newton 4 and Murray 4, and he'll sit at that. 3, he has a wife and 50 kids. I still don't believe it. David Cassidy 3, they married him off 2 and we know for sure. Ricky Martin 2, well Abar 2, Aqual 2, Luis Miguel 1, lies in the middle of the one and none yet for Bentman or Michael Bolton. Kiss. It's just changing again or Ted Nugitor Ota on out of 472. 11, 14, you're living in a cave if you don't know who John Growman is. He's a singing national anthem in the first world series game. Well, we must all judge who that is. Never heard Josh Growman and George says no, we will all be living in a cave. Right, whatever we're going to be singing the national anthem in the world series, we better get with it. We're going to start kicking it new style, man. We are just so out of touch with it. He probably sucks. 14, past 11 and five, 60 WQL when you think mattresses, you think about city posture politically, top selling mattress brand in America. It's the gold standard when you think of buying an XCB posture, pedicum, dial a mattress, 1, 800 mattress. If it's the easiest possible, let it get a new, a city posture, pedic, with dial a mattress, it's factory direct prices. Nobody anywhere sells city posture, pedic for less. Dial a mattress carries the various largest inventory with all sizes and copper levels and stock ready for the same day delivery. You can get a better night's sleep as soon as tonight. If you make that call now, you can be prepared for that hurricane. 1,800 mattresses, number one a customer satisfaction and you still choose the date and time for delivery any to our one of the you choose, even the very same day that you call with a Norris 30 day. But third and man comfort trial right in your own bedroom. Plus for you set up pre removal of all the old crap on all deliveries too. I've been using these people for years and I recommend them enthusiastically and hardly because it sure has held beats wasting a lot of time, gas and money at those vetting and department stores get ripped off. To an over two million customers who skipped the chain stores into the smart thing, for fast, easy affordable mattresses they just made the Winnieze call, dial a mattress at 1,800 mattress. That's 1,800 MAT, TTRES, leave off the last as because it stands for Stoo, Pendersaving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5,6,2,8,8. With your latest update, I'm Todd Keller, River River River River. There's many important things going on that you won't want to wake up to. So here's sports instead. Sports got you, Kielo Neil. Many of sport holes wish of gay men, Dingo, manna. Kind of, any good thing, Neil today. Light away some new. Wait a minute, buddy. Where is the love? Where is the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of the love of love. And on, you don't promote the prestigious Kakao Fomi of the, didn't want to make it a show tonight. That's what I mean by where's the love. Another just not. My baby pants would feel stylish. You, man. I can't. No, like any. Where is the love? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. There were women. Where do you go? You know what this reminds me, you're the time I bought a Nest, or that's. And all the time I got over by this sports car. Oh, and what do you know what they say to it, Dr. W. Child, it's you again. Listen, I hear you specialize in this RS. Little bit of what is that? It's a commarrow. How many horsepower? Time of failure, don't understand. It's a sex change. Well, it's, there's a more any here. What is your problem? No, Dr. I have always been a lesbian. You know, when you with the white coat and a good board, and then all this talk about Harriet Miles and this sound, you want to know that's our edge. Yeah, yeah, the Puerto Rican mirror dice and an eight track. Okay, here. Let me check your ears. Sure. They're going to have the great matter, huh? Kind of think hi to how it's seen this many potatoes. Oh, see, you went back, you could tape your pants on, not to the right. Woo! Oh, man. It's 1121 at five, 60. Don't bring in help me. Don't, don't, don't. We'll suddenly, up to the dolphin cans and sitting again, two to four this afternoon, that we got hours and hours of real stuff, including some real embarrassing stuff between seven and 10. Replace the old Hank stuff with Tom Curtis and Bush Davis and Mike Burdino and Bino, oh boy. If you think Bino is bad the first time, Doug Thompson from capitalill.com, where eight minutes away from the ratings, baby, and the pressure is building, you can smell it. See, that was a fart, but nobody has smelled it. I'm going to give Joyce up that other shade. That would have. Just conjure up in your own mind. Anyone that, please, is you, the sound, the aroma. Doug Thompson writes, Death Watch, at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. For all practical purposes, he says governing the nation is stopped at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and it was AIDS deal with an increasingly despotic president, mounting scandals and deflected affecting this incident from the ship of state. White House insider, say George W. Bush's mood swings have increased to the floor, where meetings with the president must be canceled, schedules, shifted, and plans change to keep a bitter, distracted leader from the public eye. He's like a zombie someday, is walking around an entranced as one aide, who for obvious reasons asks not to be identified. Other times he launches in the angry outbursts, cussing out anybody who gets nearing. AIDS said, gallows humorized to send it on the White House, where the West Wing is now referred to as Death Row, and deputy chief of staff Carl Roe, along with Vice Presidential Chief of Staff Scooter Libby, are known as Dead Men Walking, a reference to the last walk Death Row inmates take to the execution chamber. With the indictments expected against Libby or Roe, or both any day from the Valerie Plains scandal, the White House mood has a final days aura. Although no one expects President Bush to be impeached or resigned, internet blogs buzz this week with talk of a possible resignation by West President Dick Cheney. That's volzimitz, his one long time Republican consultant, now have to carry Dick Cheney out here on a stretcher. Oh, that could happen. But Roe and Libby will be gone if they're indebted in some wonder if the President who's ability to govern his already limited by disperringed the traction can function without Roe, often referred to as Bush's brain. Roe's role is already diminished as one White House, he still meets with the President of Daily, but this is all taken its toll. He looks terrible. Hey Carl. You're fairies. So does White House Chief of Staff Andy Card, who served longer than the job than anybody in modern times, Card works 16 and 17 hour days, and in the words of Republican member of Congress, looks completely burned out, when it doubt gets burned out. But holding the White House together behind what's been more of the better presidential propaganda machines is proving next to impossible, as the American public even members of Bush's own party deserve him over the war in Iraq, the nomination of White House Council, Harriet Meyers of the Supreme Court, the hurricane Katrina DeBockel, rising gas prices and the Valerie Plains scandal, all of these. All of these things. The facade has gone and now we're seeing the Bush White House and all of its incompetent glory is as we tap political science professor George Harley, they have ignored reality for too long. With Congress distracted by growing scandals swirling around former House majority of the time delay, who looks swell in that pitch yesterday, by the way, and sentimentivity leader Bill Frist, Washington's become a daily killing fear for anybody involved in the GOP leadership. This week, former Secretary of State Colin Palswright handman unloaded on the Bush administration ring a speech to the New American Foundation, saying American foreign policy has been hijacked by a Cheney Rumsfeldt Caball, but is destroyed as country's credibility with its allies. I'm not sure that State Department even exists anymore. Colonel Larry Wilkerson, Palsy Fistant, told the audience of journalists and scholars, it's like so many other things have been destroyed by George W. Bush's Cowboys. Wilkerson dismisses the administration's attempts to improve America's image abroad, you can't sell Schmidt, he said. Wilkerson isn't the only high-profile Republican operator of Bailing On Bush. Bruce Bartlett who served as a senior policy adviser and Bush's father's administration is about to release a book called Imposter, how George W. Bush bankrupted American destroyed the Reagan legacy. Bartlett lost his job at the National Center for Policy and Analysis and a Conservative Texas Think Tank when word of his book project leaked out. Republicans to last to finally acknowledge the lies and duplicity of the Bush White House no longer trust the administration. When current Secretary of State Colin Lies arrived testified, before Congress this week in claims significant progress in Iraq, Republican Senator Lincoln, Cheney, of Rhode Island, fired back, well we always have were true but we can't kid ourselves either. But Wilkerson, if I remember one of the 31 years in the Marines and former director of the Marine War College, sums up what sadly will be the legacy of George W. Bush. If there's an nuclear terrorist attack or a major pandemic, you're going to see the enough to do this government in a way that will take you back to the Declaration of Independence. I'd be like that. He'll be taking those big giant strides way back in time. Well boys and girls, it's 11.20 states, you know what that means? You know where your kids are right now? You know where your arbitron dies, we're, you know, who's not even who's nice? You know if Joel Fiverb is smashing furniture? Well, I think we're going to do that. Well, fine, out. What's that fancy just for me? Just, Doug. Thanks. Well, any grab it, okay? It says, somebody will blink. He says, silvesk or disco, he was the weather girl's his backup band. It sounds good disco, he might be real in no stop. He may have inspired crossover transvest in S like RuPaul, God forbid. Okay, silvesk, dude. P.S. got F.I. Silver City was a funny movie. Okay, thanks, ladies. 26 past 11. The book is coming out any minute, and people are starting to release anxious fumes all over South Florida. And of course, all over, I guess this market is today. Hey, all you racing fans, Pompatome Park is hosting its richest night erasing this year, and it's come up tomorrow Saturday, October 22, with a $500,000 Florida Super Night. Come see eight Florida Breeder States Finals, each with a person more than $60,000, free t-shirts for adults, a flies last, free mini horse rides for the kids, free prize drawings to win green five year farm raffle tickets and football tickets to. That's the Florida Super Night tomorrow, Saturday the 22nd, 500 grand in Pursus free t-shirts, free mini horse rides, free prize drawings to. And of course, best of all both admission and parking like always are free at Pompatome Park. The race track show been for live racing and poker every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Don't forget Wednesday, dollar night for beer sodas, hot dogs, and lots more. Post time is 725 p.m. like tonight, and the poker room is open from noon to midnight with tournaments every day. Sound will casting as well every day from noon to a one o'clock in the morning and don't forget like I said every Wednesday night, still dollar night at Pompatome Park. Pompatome Park racing in poker, a blast out of Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road. For the curracing schedule called 954, 972-2000 around the wicked way of its Pompatome Park.com. Don't forget a huge night at a racing tomorrow night at Pompatome Park. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562-8. The pants. For tug of voice, the challenge is certainly do not come one at a time. When the groanie burn on when he's rolled out of my phone, he's edited a whole damn nation. When the people found out they began to shout, they're promising to pass their base down. It's against the law. It's against the law. We're gonna dress it for all. It's against the law. If you'll be attacked for the money in life, you'll never cry or two, it's in that show. We're going to do a baby to touch your face. You come all in, I have to pretend to show. We're going to come to the end. The baby will not stop, I'll be here, build this can make. They'll always do it some time, just battle away and spit by the cold. We can pinch and go, to show you the scabs of the men down by the jail. You're going to get the grand old party, you're at the jail yard. A morning, swift fight, which is our hot topic tonight, could be maker break time for President's or advisor, Pearl Robe, which is brain will face a grand jury for the force. On the Senate Ethics Committee, investigate Senator Fris, it could do their own investigation along with a curious and exchange commission and the U.S. Attorney's Office. Many of the ways post-to-species, which we two of them have been invited in connection with his state for a left-swive the U.S. season ball. Under fire in the CIA, in the case. In the tough days, the government takes over waking to play for the civilian weeks. A go-to-redical right when set their out of a time to hold over their cover of the week. We'll then run away. I don't go with it, go, we end in our mailway. There's two in time, but it's total per se. The U.S. The U.S. I'm not going to talk about some investigations completely, investigations completely. I'm a 34 or 26, till now, many and many of them are going to begin some numbers of they come in there yet. We need to find out. I got the 12 plus here. Oh, God. What does it say? I don't know. This kid has begun to publish people. Look at his Victor Willis, the original policeman in the 70s music group of Willis, people was being sought. After filling up to show up by yesterday for a sentence he's going to drug case and read what's in the California. I'd be like that. Willis, who co-wrote disco hits such as Machu Picca, Man in the Navy, was arrested and July after police spotted gun and what was believed to be crack cocaine in his carapher traffic stuff. I'll be damned. Maybe he's a visit in a well-bush somewhere in Florida, you think? He was scheduled to be sentenced yesterday morning in San Mateo County, Superior Court to fail to show up. The judge issued a arrest warrant for a probation violation in the drug case, of course, said Willis also had not standing telling the warrant for possession of narcotics. Is attorney can't quickly told his San Francisco Chronicle, it will us up to message with him Wednesday night seeing him put in a tent of meeting. He scheduled for a surgery that's really as much as I know, quickly told the paper. The songwriter and former left ability to people in the late 1970s. I hear that crack machine is cranking and maybe the very first number might be coming over that crack machine. What's a you? You think? What do you say? Well, like I said, it's probably the first number. You don't want me to tell you how to cross number two. Of course I do, all right. I wanted all man. What I did about 20 minutes ago, I went into my supply closet. I should have probably stayed there. I went into my closet and I got a new rim of nice signal, a rim of paper. I set up their red extra my new fax machine. Choice as we can't say that anymore. What? Rem? Right. How about Harry? Let's see. I think he's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's always in colder and his always lower in the hand and there's always all these people. He's these things. All of these things. Okay. So thanks Chris for the information. Of course, having to wipe some proof enough in the main. Just as David Cassidy. Just as Tommy Cruz. I'll tell you again, Nicole Kim was great. The movie's called Birth 2004. You'll watch it. And when it's over, what you'll say, well, I was really amazing. It was spellbinding, but what was he ending? The ending sucked. I'm actually telling him to be right now. But that's all bad. What? Don't do it. Not better not because you'll watch it. Okay. Here's the 12 plus numbers for the entire week. Oh, and this is going to come out two pages for the price of one of the double paid thing on me. Oh, boy. David, I should have gotten two reams. W. I would be in the spring, 2.8 in the summer, 2.8. They're just flat. They're not going anywhere. Flam. See if QA was anywhere. The top 600 here. 12 plus is definitely not our bag. Two one to a two two. Oh, we got a two two. That's what we're done. Where are proudly men? In fact, maybe we'll give these away at the game tonight. W Q M 2 2s. And maybe we'll even get a visit from Bishop Desmond. Two two. You got it. Well, let's see. We got a two two 12 plus. I mean, I can't tell plus is like the whole audience. 12 to 100. W. I and Z. Square America from a two point in the spring, book to a one five. I told you, I'm off. You silly, quizzling, you silly person. You fair. I told you that that was just an aberration. The tearful, infectious, and a rock from the top of the uh, uh, serious tower. The top of the CN tower right down the street here. Let's see. Let's see. Listen, we know WNVM. I'm looking, I'm looking for Waxi. Oh, look at that. What a person. Oh, Joel! Don't do it, Joel. Put that these down. From a point nine to a. I told you to be allowed to. Oh, and that their numbers from a point nine in the uh, spring to a point five in the summer. 0.5. Totally moly, rat man. They're cum actually went up a little bit. But the time spent listening was like, uh, who wants to hear this crap. Way, way down. Way down, yonder in New Orleans. and nobody wants to be there right now in Burban Street. Oh, yeah, this is going to do two for one. I still haven't figured out how to stop there in the faxes and so as to resolve, I'm going to waste a lie in my paper. But I'll recycle it. How's that? Good recyclant? It's a... I'll go out and build a bush in a tree. Put up a maple tree. Right outside the air can of the center for the maple leaves. How about those leaves? Five or whatever caroline overtime last night. After going to two-tool leaves, nestle and boys. Okay, here's the morning. Okay, I hope the Humper. You think the Humper's listening right now. You know he is, man. He may have a lot of work to do, but Brown and I probably like, you know, eaten a couple of strommies sandwiches. Six to ten-y and twelve plus again. This is twelve plus Humper. Don't get all nervous. He's not bad. This is not our demo, but, you know, it's an indication. It's a little something, something. Right? How come you're so quiet? I'll write here, but... Oh, I thought maybe you had some bad news. Well, it's dope. Because you see these before I get them. Actually, I don't look at them. I just feed them right into the building. That's a good idea. Good thinking. Six to ten-y-m, twelve plus, hot one-o-five from a seven-eight to an eight-point-five, can anybody believe that? Yeah. Holy cow, man. It's a dark world. Radio Amor, all boy, talk about ethnic man. The old spows and sprows. Is it some folks I know would say? Five-point-o-to-a-five-point-eight. So no speaking in grace. And ex-DJ also, five-point-six. Grappin' a little bit. Radio Amam B. Well, we don't care about them. Because then we'd be in ages death plus ten. So let's see in a morning, six to ten, twelve plus. Looking on a second-pate, IOD from a three-o-to-a-two-five. That's not good. Q-way in from a one-four-to-a-one-eight. All right. And now, man, man, that's not awfully good, which it's not. But that's an increase in the drug. Well, plus, so it's got to be maybe 25-54 men, so maybe a bonus money in here. I'm sniffing it, man. I'm sniffing. Hmm, man, it's most... I'll see. Error American and morning, one-eight-to-a-one-one-12-plus again. This is twelve-plus. It's the whole audience. It's a demographic that nobody cares about. But that's all I got to for. This is also a fourth-point. Yeah, a little ratings for a play. That's a good way to describe it. Just as we can't say that either. We can't even do it much less than it. Okay, let me staple this crap together. I got my own good ratings, operation going here. I'll tell you one thing. If the equipment and all this stuff there was well maintained and taken care of, like I got my own great rating. What is this? This is probably the best maintained radio station in the universe. My little studio here. Oh, we're going to all these pages. They're just pouring over now because it is a double bubble thing. I don't even think I'll take the blank pages out. I have time. There. So there you go. There's a little promising news, maybe, for the hump-o. Okay, that when we get the West Coast returns in, of course we don't have any listeners on the West Coast. Midday. Okay, let's take a look. Did you look at these? I did not remember. Oh, drop. Three, four, two, three, one. Not good. No, with a midday. Yeah, see that. That's because I came back in September. No, it ain't. Now, yeah. Because you had two marginal monsters in July and over. Okay. I OD, three, four up to a three, seven and QAM, three, four to a three, one. And 12 plus a midday. Okay, I don't see any bonus money like I said. I can't smell it anymore. The aroma went away. Let's see. What about the afternoon? If he can find that. Three to seven. Oh, all these blank pages is just making us such a chore. Sorry, by the way, those of you who don't care about this, because the people in the business are very concerned about. They want to hear about magic. That one guy probably called Bob. I'm a Hamilton's a Jack-ass. We don't care. Okay. I'm glad you fired you. Let's see. Three to seven PM. Radio on more is number one overall. Life, pot 105, power, power went out. That's bad news. Let's see what else in here. Kiss, kiss, not much change. I OD, that's your buddy. What's his name again? Schmidt-Mister. Oh. Two nine and a summer, two nine and a whatever this was. And this spring. Summer fall, winter spring. QAM, two, two, two, two, two, three. So, see midday was the only place where we dropped this little bit. And that's because I came back in September. That's my fault. No, it's not your fault. That's your fault. Okay. Okay. That's my three to seven. Well, we got a lot more numbers coming in. So those who have big on these ladies coming. Stick around. If not, see you like on Monday. So, if you have no right. That's the real big in the real post. I'm still an impression that you clean. You call this big market radio? Hey, Joe. I see a lot of old, old, old, old numbers. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. In the scene, there's no beam of the man. If any person get a beam of scale, mob beam, if you know people get a ball, they get a place where you couldn't leave. If any person gets a bit overwhelmed and sick, they get a bit disconnected and hit the post. And if you knew Mr.Lam Error, who Davidson忠 Santudis, president sort of have got a death car of the murder Disaster, I'll tell you what they like I said Joel Sien. See overall our 2554 men was flat. 4. 5. I've never had a 5. 5. 80. Definitely, get it on the town man. Only down to 110. So, Marta Michael. Somebody come toThank you for my who's motto is oh anything else we can put on every size neal is a big improvement okay so you know every one like some stupid as president for some marlins game and by the way the marlins games i see night time we went from a two three 12 plus to a two point oh not good dropped from the screen of the summer so let's talk about the marlins really gruesome is up there sorry uh... guys everybody came in to tell me to tell you congratulations imama that's what i said who's everybody give me the list of names we were taken prisoners and names duff you're very clarity let's get some make up with the we're going to find it in order yeah great because that's what that was the he's the one who's the one who's here don't blame the for that in order to miss in order appearance yeah duff and right leg Greg in order to appear in Greg duff and clearance yeah break it you i know but i want to do a little bit of a good what a great say to you he said congratulations he did a very good job we're number one way to go yeah we're slipping to that fact did you drop your pants and let him kiss you each cheap go why drop something but it wasn't a good back to see that i brought my jaw as well alright let me this blank paced thing is so i got a good a good looking nuts no sign because i got a new uh... i'm quick to adapt you know me how one or five is number one now i'm then 2554 from six a number of letters in the entire week how one or five they're kicking ass that's my Disney oh that's our good post personal body might Disney who was so fun to you he said you were idiot that's my opinion i'm like Disney i know who treat you better Disney or bobgreen uh... say i say both about to say i bobgreen was nicer to my face does that yeah but behind you back i'll take care of you i'll take care of you hey to carry all right big look at that big dropping six nine doubt will five eight or until we run and polled in the old slide e dr steward in men overall cm q were number five so no extra bonus there but we still hang in there with a four five okay that's good let's take a look at that all night did i get to mention it or not no you're getting ahead of me now sorry i wanted to mention this is very important because i did predict this and for once in my life i might come right on it twelve plus numbers okay ten to three you're listening for this and with waxy seven ninety that ticket ah jol find bag we're not like those old jews who let it around q a m or younger and hipper well guess what you have to find it get a search party to find your audience jol look at this twelve plus midday they went from a one point oh in the spring book which is pretty embarrassing to a oh point four what's the point you'll give it up already sweet are you guys suck oh man point four my ass afternoon three to seven wait to hear this from a one point oh in the spring book to a oh point seven in now that's a dandelive accident in your buddy stew guys is that incredible or what speaking to get ahead you want the 18 to absolutely not not our demo why i didn't want to waste that much it's over here i don't i mean if it was just for fun yeah but well i got this double different thing okay now what are we doing here six and midnight i already did that tonight yes all right let's let's let's put these aside let's get to the morning so i realized a lot of people out there what's all is we don't care about these that we even understand a good a this is important well i see this is our livelihood this is what we live for this is what we were a sweat over hot microphone for day after day after day after day this is what brings Greg and Duff and clearance in it is a good job George even though Duff and Greg yeah they heat you like poison i know and they bad mouth you they've talked behind your back that's what they've told me anyway six to ten a m number one hot one oh five boy that was a hot book for hot one oh five man that must be that hardest work in joc and industry even that a lot of sposhoe in this book xdj 8.4 number two big from a nine point oh in the spring which we knew was really a lot of a bogus diaries to a seven point one still pretty good nice going pollen or run okay incredible work credits to do when students not on the year to market they do just fine when students on they just to fall off the as the map number three in their product w a m r radio on more is the number four cm qf m you see an edr you see the pattern here other than big you got one two three four five of the top six are ethnic followed by kiss oh Greg must be a running around squeeze himself kiss went from a two six to the nine in a morning who they got on do we know do we care that kiss no all right let's see how uh oh i'm looking for Hank excuse me hey nice going hover all right hey two eight three eight that's because we got rid of that devil i reprap on there that i were a windbag i told you that i tell you you did nice going supper two eight to a three eight from number eleven number eight which isn't great but nevertheless he's moving in the right direction and we hear where that horrible stuff between eight nine in a morning we'll be on our well on our way to the Humper what else w i d two five to two seven whom i look at all i'm looking for across the street i'm looking for Joel findberg and stew guys and do we ever find out the name of the p d what is his name Jason sila kin or zethic at the hero what's the uh the stories they don't actually have a p d is what they did or if they did or they don't oh w i and z that's ar america two six down to one four they dropped in every uh oh no oh this must be a typo waxy in a morning two five to a one point four how do you like that oh my god is right even with the vada joros is the only thing we got on the year that is shocking not on and that's in men twenty five fifty four that's their target demo that's what the p d older hopes and dreams and that is money on was that joros the morning draft hate beat him almost let's see three eight to a one four that's like uh almost three to one how do you like that almost three to one that's going up or match yeah which they try and an o more suspensions for hanko k this a lot better when he's on the air as opposed to like joros a gac you know tired fillings no more to fillin okay what do we got mid days here look at that not bad and a lot of that is you joros a lot of that is you whenever one by a mile nice going i'm gonna just plan to play in this the rest of the day that's all i'm gonna do is we're number one and we'll take that bonus money right now thank you you grave robbers you're a whistling you want to try something hit that again which one that we're gonna be on the one damn it all right not bad from a seven nine in the spring which of course was yours truly with the money they're paying me i better have a bigger number than you but a six five in the summer book number one how do you like that where we number one in the morning or we number one the afternoon i haven't looked yet i doubt it no we were no no no well just like i said yesterday while they were treating us uh sloughly in slip shot again but putting some volume that was gone huh they were treating us shepily they like they always do well can we put a ball game in there instead i mean art to marlins playing there what about this and dolphin previous stuff starting in there you're on new some silly has press conference so and i don't know what it happened if we would care the press conference on the era during the show uh they wouldn't love me they would have kept the podcast so i couldn't drop in a few like two things in there like spice it up to something like an amuse from here and it you know joros are these a good guy like him a lot of was a big cup fan back in eighty nine when he was playing there and him and they in very hill in rhino sandberg and all of those guys and the van what was his name van slaw was that the kids name for nleson you are the answer to your pants i like him a lot anyway good good good guys with glasses always do it for me i don't know what that is but ten to three midday wqm with a six five number one let me play it again thanks for i'm doing it for us okay and thanks to George for a sensational job during the summertime airy time he fills in he gives a little better a little bit still got a long way to go a little bit better he's doing it take a new drug so should angley you're a great human and just squeezed him and given i did not did he give you a little first action there what actually it was a high five oh was it really it was get out of here all right by reg was high five and you i know also it should have taken a picture i know it's a good thing i wasn't that it's the head of people i got to talk about phony man talk about in since zero oh brother high five my ass i guess that's a little fun long drive for that okay number two is big five six big big big is doing pretty good yeah i got to hand it to a mulligan kind of an else remember the go d three seven to a five two but once again we beat them out nicely throughout six five to five to able with rush on air even a little Jordan beats rush uh that drug pulled off and it got a good margin and we realize it's going to be over seven when we break down oh when we you were that two to three hour you try to do do do do do do do you cash a spursons at our buddy love just uh time you're right that we need you ours next they went from 13 to four it's what shows you what a bogus uh this was a heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy ethnic uh book and it's because all the white folks get out of town this summer time see the does the other folks the dark folks in your people they can't afford to well maybe your this especially it wasn't highly in sweet water top one oh five what did that from third to fifth they dropped into midday that's cause I don't know why CM Q FM kiss for what before seven kids had a big book nice going you however you go tomorrow but they're playing that nose picking music at kiss because that's our same that's our company I and Z a m three point forward with two point eight see what I'm talking about scare America that's how frank it all right yeah yeah it's a lot of rock now we have the afternoon here is this all still uh what are you asking me I don't know I don't have it yet yeah so yeah here it is all there and I'm getting way behind on a break so we're up today and let me just say it again case one there you go there you go this is Neil Rogers this is it's BB minus masking and To tell you if you like your job then you'll give him a laugh then suck up and leave you tell the righty You're not looking to be kiss. To kiss you to the panstride of you and for you an extortionist all the back there's fair and balanced But not when he calls and dies. He's looking for a lassie who likes it a little too. Who's alright? Welcome. When Bill or I leave you or need sure it ain't the no spin-door. So when Bill or I leave you or need sure it ain't the no spin-door. That's an absolute excuse. Come on, three to five sixty-eight. A suspicious tack is within a bomba in it. You see that in the car by the capital in Washington DC. No. Investigators are inspecting right now there and I'm seeing that there's a police car. Not in the weather or not. There it is. In a police vehicle right now. I am at least two or three blocks away from that actual scene. I'm not going to be a police of black dog. It was behind me. You don't want to get nervous about it. Hey, sir. It was a rookie. To the left of the capital. That is the general scene. My hearing is the original 70 and Paul out was. I would obviously assume that that's where the police are. They do not know whether or not this is suspicious. Packing's found inside of vehicle to be used. And the person inside of the vehicle said there's a bomba in it. You know, bomba Grande. How do you like that? I don't. Don't. Anyway, here's the latest on Wilma. Four castes at the National Hurricane said today that Florida's Agnes. And wait for Wilma. What would continue as the hurricane was expected to hover around Mexico's UK Templates to longer than previously thought it's hanging out. Maybe like some of them refried beans or some. Well, there's a lot of porcupine Mexicans, you know, from that bad diet. I've noticed. The outer portion of these terms are, well, which is the worst wins are located. We each caused them out at about 8.15 this AM. Randfall, somewhere in Florida's West Coast, was not likely until sometime Monday after noon, they'd be saying, that could mean the storm might be weaker when it reaches Florida. Oh, we only hope and pray. Pray. Pray to God. Pray. If it's fence 24 hours or more over the UK, can't have a slightly weak incident, wrap a port to Senator Deppi and the director who had not to have a setting with conferred a max maple, he's like a Mexican jumping bean. In the Florida Keys residents were urged to try to follow tourists and fleeing the island chain is Wilma made an agonizingly slow approach to the state, but more no mandatory evacuation was ordered. Many people in the Naples are including Joyce were also a coalition star leaving. And guess why Joyce better late than never? Should have left there a long time ago. Leave us alone. Joyce, you create. Yeah, she just makes me angry. My blood boils when I think about her. You know what? Freaking Joyce. You've brought you for. Monroe County faces and courage residents to voluntarily evacuate because of the potential of overcrowded highways. They have the storm expected Florida on Monday. A mandatory evacuation will be announced once they have a better idea when Wilma's wind will reach the low line island chain. When a holding period right now they're holding it said, I re-entended director of the Monroe County Emergency Operations Center. We have a voluntary evacuation right now. We're encouraging that. The entire county's mandatory evacuation order begins at noon and covers area south and west of U.S. one. I guess it's a began like five minutes ago. The zone includes downtown Naples and the wealthy snowboard on Klave of Markle Island, but she didn't know how many people were covered. All probably. About third man Mark Brand was relaxing. Yesterday outside Andy's scooter shop and key west where he works. He had a little little do. I'm not going to read all this stuff. And to go find us coming to service. Oh, Max Mayfield, Mr. Colma. Much mouth, Max, said director of the hurricane center said the slowdown would give Wilma time to weaken from a category four storm with sustained winds of 145 to a catch three or less before making landfall in the US. The timing is still working in our favor. He said, but he stressed that Wilma probably would be a strong hurricane with a powerful storm surge when it reaches Florida. Wilma's still expected to make that right turn. I've turned to the shop to the right like our government for the northeast after struck in the UK, and Western Caribbean Sea. But if you'll see, Wilma is unusually large. It is so huge. With an I38 miles wide, the tropical storm force winds extending out some two to miles from the center that could cause widespread damage. Wilma could produce this term surge of 12 to 17 feet through Senate. Okay, there you go. I'm going to give you the right to talk advisory. We're up to the Wilma. And Chevy and Palo and Washington near the capital. They're talking to occupants right now. They say they got una bomba. Get this situation under control. Make sure that nobody is hurt. They have been interviewing these two right now. Here's a good one for the poll. Excellent. Thank you, John. Excellent. The VGs or his nerve grip would say. Now, fabulous VGs. A nerve. Do fairy. Here's another very good one. Thanks whoever this was. Millie Vanillie. Right. Which by the way, you can like Millie Vanillie without liking Millie Vanillie. Yeah, right. Because that wasn't in any way. Right. Well, you can like their music without liking them. Every the way around. What do you grab or called in? Credence Clearwater. Excellent. I'm trying to keep them out of my mind. I've got to go. That's a fantastic choice. CCR. 589 on the poll not too bad. What music group for singer do you secretly like? But would never admit it. Very manlow 86. Let's 86 him. George Michael 59. Elton John 37. Boy George 36. And then 31. Neil Diamond legendary 27. Very Jewish. A monkey's 24. Thanks for getting this going round there. Barbara Screys and 19. John Bon Jovi 18. Abba 17. Steely Dan 16. Elvis 16. Michael Jackson 14. Rick Nelson 14. Avril Lavigne 14. She's great. R.M. 14. They're sensational. How come they're not bigger than they should be? I mean, I know they're big, but how come they're not both huge. R.M. Oh, okay. Morgan. I'll just. You believe me. It's too good to be popular. Oh, I mean, they're pretty big. They're big. They're so terrific though. They're messages. You know, the. An invitation of life. Did you ever see the video? Yeah. And you think that was great. I like all this stuff. But I mean, the video there. There's so many things going on. I want to say time. It's a great song. But I mean, just seeing the video. I just, it does it for me. R.O. Speedbag in 13. The village people 12. The back speed boys 11. Made a lot of good music. I know. I'll admit it won't hurt my image. Journey 10. Bobby Vittenten 10. In fact, we had two of them right on the show. They remember that downstairs on the second floor. We had AJ and we had Kevin right there. Yes, didn't. Didn't have Brian or Nick. Will Smith 9. Because I want to get Nick a message. You're fair. Did I say, it will Smith in 49. Just said that. Ricky Martin 7 and Stink has got 7 boss and 7 play. I can's got 7. Even Prince Charles is embarrassed by that. In mum. Moon 5 got 6. Brian Adam 6 and Murray 6. Neil Synaker for everybody. Nobody don't like Neil Synaker. Now nobody overknitted. I like Neil Synaker. I like Neil Synaker. Neil Synaker has so many great hits. You know. Breaking up is hard to do. He's saying he wrote it for the captain. Neil Synaker. Neil Synaker. Neil Synaker. Wayne Newton for. Now you're going to tell me how you got all that stuff. I don't know how you got it. I got it. You told me stuff. You went a whole bunch of stuff. But how are you able to access it? So what did I do in the computer? And I've been working on like Windows Media Player, organizing it and real player and stuff like that. And it's got a little search engine here. So if you type fast, you can whip it out. Why? Well, that's another story. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. That was a good group. I mean, it was really good. It's going to be really good. It's going to be very good. It's going to be good. He's making a lot of money from it. He really can't sing. He's very good. Even though you wouldn't agree with it. You don't want to neglect it to do. I give up. I'm going to neglect it. I mentioned Hank Pound in the cramp out of mornings or with air. We had a 6.5 in the midday. Let's see what they did 25.5 people are men over there across this week. We don't want to get Joel thrown too much for him. Oh, you guys are really sucking man. Bad Joel. Oh, no. I told you there'd be a picture tonight. Yeah. I was right. They had a 2-2 in the spring in midday. We had a 7-1. They had a 2-2. Guess what they got now? You're not looking at it. I'm not. It's not if I already came and took him away. What is this picture? That's definitely something. What is this? Soma. I couldn't make it. That's cute. That's cute. That's cute. Here's a woman. I have a store. That's great. We're going to come to you. Anyway, hold on tight. Let's have a fanfare or something really exciting and dramatic for this announcement. Midday, men 255-504 for making 2.4 in the spring when they had those Vogue's Diaries when they had the 18-34 phony number. 2-8-0. From 18 from trying to 18 to number 26, we're number one in midday on their number 26. And Hank is spanking Joel in a morning. How do you like that? I'd like you to picture of that. Afternoons 25-54. WLK, let's see. Number one is big. EDR's number 2. Hot 105. That's ethnic things. Got to stop. Imagine 4.7. Number 5. Cleansing. Cleansing. You know, just 4-steralization. Just to get building it on it. QAM-43. Number 6 in the spring. 4-3. Number 5 in the summer. So no woman on the share. But they moved up one spot. One notch. Now they got a 4-3. Let's see what Dan LeBeschidon stewed. The brain trust over the. The hyphro younger guys over there. Let's have some more of those fake calls. Joel, we really appreciate those. There's a good. I and Z3O to a 270 ethnic and they drop. Oh no, not another big drop. WACSI even beaten up by a skier America. But what's the name it? FELPS. Sholts. Sholts. Mr. FELPS. WACSI. 26 in the spring. 1.8. 1.8. Oh my god. In the summer book from time to time. 19th to 20th. Oh god. And now at night. 7 am and 9. Maybe that'll be there because they had that one dolphin game on it. And I came to the night. They wanted to. Yes. Vision game. 7 am and 9. Monday to Friday. And 25. 54. Let's see. 7 am and 9. How we doing with those. 4.5 down to 3.9. Oh yeah. Marlins really pushed us up there. Big time. The spring was okay. But then by the time they. Summer came around. Who cares. Yeah. I want to say that though. They'll get all been out of shape. And then they'll go over there for like 10 million. You know they're going to the other place. And that. And then we can be making ourselves. I see at night. Aero America went up from a two to two to three three because that's. I'm. I'm glad it's okay. And of course in South Florida. She ought to have a little bit of a number. And she does. Little bit. Waxy. Oh look at that. There's the ones. And this is the dolphins again. Putting them up there over the top. And the Hank had this. They stumbled on this deal. This phony number. They had a zero point seven in the spring. But in the summer they had a 1.5. Oh. From 25. 5. 5. 25. The 22. There's that. 2 to 22. Because there are a couple of dolphin exhibition games on there. That's what you need men. If I were you, Joel, I just replay all those dolphin games. All dolphins all day. For four and a half million. That's what you do. This is 5. 16. 15. Yes. Oh. Don't make me forget to be done this over the weekend. All right. He did. He did. I do. I do. I do. I do. So, so, so. Yeah. It's all green. Forever, girl in this world. It never has wings at the beach. All right. I do. So, this break of the field is the best thing for me. And those fibres are fine. I feel felt in your faces. When this is too sweet, you'll just appear. I do. Rectom. She don't you know. I'll find the left side of my life. Finding another hard-wine. I do. She don't you know. She thinks how to control. I give them just a minute whole. I'll wait and see. If they display God's leaving me crush. Yes, again. Yes, again. 12. 18. At five six. Yes, I guess. Here we end the end. What a horrible place. And after bug area, of course. 14 year old girl came to middle school with a handgun and managed in six in Marijuana. Remember we had to story yesterday about the little kid with a marriage wee. Right? It seems to be going around. The girl set off metal detectors was arrested and charged with juvenile the Link ones he said, Gary and the police to take the blue tenor jack Arnold. I wonder if he's kind of wain our little weaver fight out about that place. No, that's a crime, by the way. Give it all to the little one. School board president, Jesse Moore, said, parents should not be alarmed because the security system worked. Don't be alarmed. Don't panic. Oh my God. If he detaches would not have worked if they weren't man, she probably would have gotten inside the school with a gun on the end of the road. He said, that's scary. Especially the drug part. Forget about the gun. It's the safety. You should never concerned about this. He'd be saying. More suspects to multiple bags to grow. Brought means she was selling drugs for another dealer. Drug dealers like the same kids in the schools because of an adult kids. God, especially the process of school, the penalties are much more severe. So I did guys ask that the determine pot. Give it to a bunch of little kids. Okay. The little, uh, glad bags. And let them take it to school. Just don't tell them you're name about that's all. Give them like 20%. Maybe if you want to be generous. So, third man. Little bonus money we got coming boys and girls. How do you like that? I totally was going to be good. I totally, they were going to be really, really bad. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out. What do they bring to the table? Okay. Even the mighty Joe Rose in the morning has been emasculated by Joel Fiber. And I bet you Joe's not too happy about it either. Joe was doing just fine on this radio station. He goes over there and all of a sudden. Just dropped to the floor. Three eight for Hank at a one for the, uh, little dog. Well, that's bad. It's an incredible or what? That's something to do with this. I wish I could play, uh, fight dump to bitch right now. Yeah, that's he's see. There he goes again about Joel. Oklahoma City. A man got a prison term longer than prosecutors and defense attorney said agreed to. All because of self-exquade Larry Bird. Yeah, heard it. You talk about the ugliest man in the face of the globe. That might just be Larry Bird. He makes me look like a nicklish a. I'll only settle a little bit of a shnaz problem, but he's okay. My book just dumped the bitch right now. Oh, sorry. The lawyers reached the play agreement Tuesday for a 30 year term. Not 30 minutes. We're man accused of shooting with intent to kill in robbery, but Eric James Truppy wanted his prison term to match Bird's jersey number 33. Wow. It's a good thing he wasn't a big fan of Alexander McGillney of the Toronto Maple Leaf. Uh, do jersey Devils now 89 or air-clim draw 88. Huh? That would not be so great. What a, a dork. Yeah, idiot. What's Jason Taylor's number 99? Yeah. You think he's not a big Jason Taylor fan? He said he was going to go down. He was going to go down and Larry Bird's jersey. Oh, he's so many more people like him. Go listen to Q.A.M. We're coming in. He's requested is his happy is good be. I've never seen anything like this in 26 years in the courthouse. You said, but I know that the D.A. is happy about it. Well, that's Oklahoma City all. And I'm seeing what a men are men and everybody close up to each other. Very man, a little bit of ways. Got a pretty good margin on George Michael. I just stopped and think about the two. I don't want to. Man, no. Wallace retired. But I've the lead a. Ray. Why the starred Bolle spoke about it. Nothing is out there, right. But�bons still pay around 200,000 and 504 to any of that in other buildings. different. But Joy. Thank the lead twenty five. Catch Malia Pettengo later. Who are you? which one is it? Oh, I hate her. And see, ways was it to bring criminal charges and see, I want to take some calls because I want to get somebody to sort them. Move the birth. Do it. How many QAM hello? QAM? Oh, hey, Neil, I didn't hear a rock through it on your phone. Rock through a sex line. Right, oh, thank you. All righty. Thanks. He didn't hear a cozy and honor, but he is now an ex-erv-fine choice. I don't admit I like him because I don't like him. And I don't think he's sexy. Believe me. In fact, if he were sexy, holl. How many QAM hello? Oh, hi, Jack. Yeah, okay. How is that? Tell me the QAM hello. Oh, I know what this Neil? Yes. Can you explain to me what title casting is? Some casting was. But when you say you simultaneously tell your time of time, what does that mean? That means it's like on two stations at the same time. Okay, well, not on your, but yeah. Okay, right, right on your arm, okay? You're gonna summon that, you summon that, you summon that, you better. Yeah. Unfortunately, for them not too many people wrote that down. Can you explain to me? Can you explain to me? Yes, fighter, science, science, science, science. What I must have been, uh, MSV and tools boyfriend. Dominic, you, I am, hello. Hey, you, you fairies. What is it? I said, how you doing? Pretty good. So, that's an average of questions. I know if you've we've caught up with this before. Like, he's kind of like, shake it with Joe Kimberts. Honestly, guys, my first time going to Vegas here, uh, next month. Yeah. And, uh, how big the doctor's the rupture? How many of it dump is it? Yeah, did you get that sounds? I know you know the rupture. I can write that a dump at all. Luxes are beautiful places. Don't gamble there. Do not gamble there. No, I'm not going to gamble there. Another question. You can go there for a ride there. Uh, okay. Um, yes, my first time. My girlfriend loves it. She wants to go back. So, she's ongoing for her. Um, my other question is, um, if you don't have those, like, towards where they do, uh, like, grant can you experience? No. No, I don't know anything about you. You're going to run a car, please? Um, I guess so should I? Yes. Yes, because it's really long before you need a car. Run a car. Don't listen to these guys, okay. Run a car. Do not drive on the strip. Take and get yourself on the drive anywhere. Don't listen. Don't go on the drive. Don't listen to these jokes. Because if you get a map and you'll see the back roads that are parallel to the strip, and you stay off the strip as much as possible, where the heavy traffic is. You'll be fine. But that way you can go drive out in the mountains. You can go all the way over and have you want to go. Don't listen to these people, okay? Hopefully you want to be on the road. If you want to be on the road, you'll be on the road. You'll be on the road. Believe me. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. This is like a telephone or she had me. I need to focus. I. So no. No. No need to. Okay. Don't even want to call. I'm going to be drunk anyway. I'm not going to be able to drive. So I can't say anybody over the time. Do you want to go over the road? I'm going to go over the road. I'm going to go over the road. Okay. Should we shift gears here? Yes. Real quick. Just pause for a second. This is very admire. We don't know if she's making the other guy look like a piker here. Yeah. You bet. You spot. Yes. This is all set up. This is. Just catering. Knowing it's not going to happen. Just kind of trying to cater to the religious rights. Yeah. You're going to see. I tried. I didn't want it. And he's going to put in the sauce. It's all there. Oh, my God. So he can pan to me. I saw the other Supreme Court. His name is in Z. How about Mr. Z? Okay. Have a great time, pal. Thank you. See you. And Renekar. You're right. He's going to be drunk. He's never been there. It's a good idea. And the cops and Vegas are nice. If you're drunk and you stumble into one of them. They'll carry you. He's still looking at that cocktail. We're interested in about 30 million. And the mega box. And he's by that drunk driver. Next day. And she's like in a wheelchair for life. She's like a quadruplegic. That has to be one of the worst good luck battle. Our stories in history. I mean, how is that possible? Just the name before they were saying, boy, she's the she was a cocktail wait for she put in like 20 bucks or whatever. And a mega box. She won like 28 or 30 million or something like that. And the next day, she's driving out there wherever. And some drunk is on the wrong side of the road. And just just smashes the crap out of her car. And she turns into like a can walk. Well, she's going to pour good nursing care there. Well, that's always looking to bright some. This is meal rotters. This is 5.62. Oh, W. And the company checks us. We've hit star on my name. Well, they died in the lazy Anna. I race past the team. Oh, old cousin, I don't put a blame on me. As I come from my vacation, poor off, for the opportunity. Swing your partner round and round. Now, do a little swim through the war with stounds. Swing to the left to the rack. to the right, here we go. Sing a little mud out, though, she don't. Oh, God, three not like it in those people, three. The first thing that is the end of them is one, they're right. Yeah. Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. We've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. It's not the count on FEMA Director of Michael Brown. What can Brown do for you now? Apparently nothing. And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast. Nothing. Lost your favorite count, Cone. 52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government. But you've created so much red tape, the victims won't receive it till money, Brown. Well, all is said and done. You will lose your job faster than you can say, E-colour. And if there's any justice in this world, you'll be calling the Houston Afterdom home too. Three hundred count now. So we salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Your clipboard, your stupid, negligible FEMA shirt, and your comover. You, our real American A-holes. So the hands of that team is on a scene here, and watch the NBC that the suspicious car with a suspicious package. They're checking their packages. I don't see 98 degrees on our poll, Josh. Let me forget. Try in like two seconds. Okay. Because you know 98 degrees. I see 754 vote that ain't too bad. As you ways, whether they bring criminal charges in the CIA, Lee Case, Pancreate, J.F. Fitzgerald, the Special Counsel, is focusing on whether Carl Roe, the Senior White House Advisor, and I, Lewis, scouter, let me junior, Chief Staff for Vice President Dick Cheney. Soft to conceal their actions and misled prosecutors, lawyers, and vomit case head yesterday. Among the charges the Mr. Fitzgerald is considering our purgery, obstruction of justice, and false statements, counts as to just a prosecutor, may believe the evidence presented at a 22-month grand jury in court. He shows that's a two-wide-house aid sought to cover up their actions. Mr. Robyn Mr. Olivia has been advised that they be, here's the part I want you to sit right in the year chair and listen to. Mr. Robyn Mr. Olivia has been advised that they may be in serious legal jeopardy. The lawyer said, only this week is Mr. Fitzgerald because they're the possible charges. The prosecutor has said he won't make up his mind about any charges until next week. So we got the hurricane to look forward to this weekend and into Monday. And then after that, we got the indictment stored forward to. And we got the ratings that we looked forward to and we came out on top. Or number one by I'm pretty much, and Joel, I'm going to tell you something. How about his spanignalities, man? How about senior crews 24-7? If you're a tee to get bigger than that. Oh number guaranteed. I'll bet you as two-gots his life on it. With the term of the grand jury expiring in a week, though some lawyers in the case that they were persuaded that Mr. Fitzgerald all had made up his mind to go ahead and seek indictments. See here that? I heard it. None of the lawyers would what he'd told me, again? You know it. Tony, thanks, brand. You'd advise, baby, brand, and Tony's pizza went up there on a 4-41 and a 9- or a 2- or a 2- or a 2- or a 3- or a 3-. None of the lawyers would speak on record setting the prosecutor's request not to talk about the case. Associates of Mr. Rob and Mr. whatever their name is, continue to express hope and the prosecutor will conclude that the evidence was too fragmentary. I forget about that. That's wishful thinking to me. Forget about it. You got no chance in your pants for that to happen. Here is Jeff. Fake names since I'm not supposed to vote for Madame Ramaphand, these groups. Good choice, Jeff. People like me, it says we're closet R.E. and fans. Also tend to be closet fans of Morisi and by extension the smiths. Right? This is mainly because Morisi makes Michael's stipulant like Tom Brady when it comes to heterosexuality. However, bizarre him may be, though, he's a greatly resist and his fantastic and concert. Morisi and where the smiths would be great for this pool. Well, let's put him both on there. We will say, hope you get blown away, but anyway, whatever that says, I'll trade Jeff. Just watch your language. You'll see tomorrow. Right now. Chris says he could please give the numbers for the Schmitz sir, a show. He sucks. Hopefully, he gets fired. He takes his Connecticut School of Broadcasting to Ploma. Goes back to his trip club. Also, the station I'd normally used to work had is doing now he's gone. There he is. Show. Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that, though, because did they add that what they put on there? Who built a rally in the afternoon? Yeah. I just got through foot and all this stuff away and now that I've summed up his requests. Here's a facts from Rich. Are you sure that the megabucks to reason in urban legend? It is absolutely not an urban legend. It is true they had to run the news. Follow what Paige follows and I want to ask for it, which, respectively, if he has the ability to type on his cover sheet, why did the insistence any two page every time he passes, which is all the time? Let me say it again. It's not urban legend. It's absolutely correct. It's a true story and it's a very sad and tragic story. And it just goes to Sharia. Don't wish to win the lottery because, uh, who got all he knows. Let's see, Rich from Brooklyn says, what about Jimmy Buffett for the poll? What? Yeah, that's embarrassing. Cheeseburgers in paradise, my ass. He's terrible. He's what the keys are all about. That's why I don't go there. Now what do they want? What do they want? I forgot. I would turn the smitmeister. Well, let's see. I think we already covered it. And we were with the blanket. We had a 4-3. This has been 2554. They actually went up a little. 3-7 to a 4-1. 11-8. And they have to know. The smitmeister. That's Rush Light. Rush Junior. Rush wannabe. And what was the other thing? Somebody wanted out. We don't care. Whatever. I'm putting these away. How about magic? They always wanted 100 magic, too. How did magic, too? Why? What's with that? Bob Hamilton. Oh, they want to know about that. Let's look at the F&Ms for 850. What does that thing call? This called WFPL. It's called WFPL. Which used to be 14. What a 100. I don't know. It had Norma and Steve O and all those people else ran tell. And Craig. I'm looking for it. I'm looking for it. Can't find it. Let's see. Roddy was swabby. They got a one. They got one. Listener. Ft. Oh, they're making a move. They may look out. They must be the addition of the honeytite in the middle of a rally show because in the afternoon they went for me. Point two in the screen, to wait 45 in the summer. What's the point? The average quarter hours of 900 men. We can put that many in a phone booth. Easy. Right down there by the stadium. Oh, brother. Everybody is a radio-maven man. Just ask, Joel, he'll tell you. Everybody's a big radio-hawk chart, especially with daddy's money. What a joke. I see 90 to reason. They didn't have any votes here. I don't care what anybody says. They're damn good. their damn good. Just a little piece more I don't want to like overdo this, but why to hell not? The evidence prosecutors have assembled in the CIA leak, suggest advice, present big Chinese chief of staff, Assad, reporters in the weeks before an undercover operative's identity was compromised in news media, casting doubt on one of the White House's main lines of defense for a month to the White House and its supporters of argued, even no well-bushed your fat ass governor's daughter. Never saw lines like these. For months to White House and its supporters, argued tough, presently delayed the non-knowing exposed Valerie Plain, the White House of Joe's of Wilson, as a CIA operative, had mostly aged pastime information about her that entered the White House from reporters of the supporters argued. But, special counsel, Patrick Fitzgerald Malnows, that lit me met three times, with a new York Times report before the leak of Plains identity, initiated the call to NBC's Tim Russard, and was a confirming source about Wilson's wife for a magazine reporter for Time magazine. And in a new twist, that even Chubby Checker was like a dog about, is that a dog or a gag, he's gagging a guy. In a new twist, presidential public advisor Carl Roe was testified that its possible Libby was his source before we'll talk to two reporters about the CIA operative. In light of all these explosions, all of these things, it's going to be as difficult for the defense to prove the theory that the White House got the information from reporters, as it is for Fitzgerald approved that the White House leaked the information about Wilson's wife said, Washington based White College of Defense attorney James D. Weirom. How do you like that? Where Libby first heard the information still isn't publicly known, but a full three weeks before Plains name first showed up in print. Libby was telling New York Times before to do it with Miller. He thought Wilson's wife worked with the CIA, etc. And so on. I'd like that, man. And heavy duty stuff is going down. You're going down. Maybe you're going down. All police are going to disrupt us. This is Fisher's Package. They're going to disrupt us. You know, and then probably one of those American girl dolls, man. Those things get it. Why do you first think? Nick and Jessica were us. Yeah. Yeah. Let's let's the trick to achieving longevity. I'm sorry. I think about often. Completely madly abused drugs. Yeah. Party. That's what some calls Johnson City Tennessee is on with us. You've got Nick and Jessica. Go ahead. Hi Ryan. This is Andrea. Oh, hi Andrea. Jessica, is it true you don't drink milk? Because you can't see your head in the carton? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll admit it. Well, is it also true that you hired a private detective? I doubt if you've related to a home or an art Simpson? Yes. I don't know what I'm going to do with it. She's out of control. I love this Ohio. You're on. Yeah. I can see advertising on the internet about a Nick and Jessica six-eight. Is that really you guys? Definitely. Yeah. We have a clip. Take a look at Nick and Jessica. Nick and Jessica. Yeah. Why don't you get a copy of that? In story you get it now? Yeah. Okay. And no regrets. And it's exciting to do this. Oh, no. We're so happy. We did it. We are so happy. We can all find stuff like that. Very gratifying for us. Yeah. Like I said, I'm really really tired of both of them. It's the 12 minutes before 1 at 5, 16WQM. I see my good friend, Dick Fine, but not to be confused with Joel and Steve Wolf over to the Pompatote Park. Send me a thing. And why don't you allow? Should we put the sun here? You bet. Are they factored to direct to me? They didn't even make a bad idea. Right? Or did they send this to you? Nope. With Hurricane Wilma installed in the Western Caribbean Pompatote Park Management announced today that they will be open for live racing and poker on Saturday tomorrow and they'll continue to feature like a plan to $500,000 super night of racing program. The richest racing at the beer. So have no fear because super night is here to mark that a Pompatote Park. Go but there would begs full of money and punch your guts out. There'll be eight float of rear-state files from our for 23 year old state for a Trotter in Paces versus ranging from 55 to 65 grand. In addition to the live racing program, there'll be free T-shirt give away starting at 6pm. Free prize drawings for adults to in raffle tickets for the Dream Finder Farms, $1,000 home and professional football game tickets to. Also be three minutes your horse rides for the kids starting at 7.30 tomorrow night. Total perses for the 14 race program tomorrow month to over 517 grand making it the richest night of racing at the track in the three year history of the super night program. It's on as scheduled to our night as Pompatote Park have no fear Pompino Park is here. Now here's a story that it surprises us what Florida's all about and why so many of us are so we leave to get away. Get away. St. Petersburg in 93 year old driver, apparently suffering from dementia, fadly struck a pedestrian and continued driving through a tool booth where the man the body owns windshield police said. I like that. You saw the story. Yeah, that's right. Ralph Parker a Pinalist Park drove for three miles Wednesday night after striking the 52 year old pedestrian with his gold 2002 Chevrolet Malibu, severing the man's right leg police said he's dead. A told taker on the sunshine scoway saw the body struck through Parker's windshield notified police. Oh no traffic homicide investigator Michael Jockers said kind of a name is that a 30s did not identify the pedestrian but it makes no difference because he's still dead. Parker was hospitalized overnight with minor scripts expected to be taken to an elder care facility. It was only 93 for Christ's sake charges have not likely to be filed because Parker didn't appear to know what had happened because where he was or the correct date said Bruce Bartlett chief assistant in the Pinalist Pasco County State Attorney's he may have someone in his mind realized it was a crash but immediately forgot about a jocker said and a short attention span. Police took Parker's license which he would be noon in 2003 this was the one thing he had to get was carriages drive for the Sharon German drive. Yeah, why take it away just because two for our 93 and death dumb and blind and seen off that's the only one thing they got a little joy in her lives okay so let him go little joy ride give him the keys to a cat like escalating a big jook and who were some and I don't know them have a good time out there. I think we got about 700 votes on a poll it's not too bad considering considering anybody with a brain is getting ready to get they got those shutters up now and got the plywood and the drinking water and the transistor system radio to make sure that they're here what's going on. Yeah don't be like you're expecting electricity on Monday be sure you're battery operating right expect to throw out the stuff. Okay I said I'm not talking about that we're not going to be on the staff now if you would let me finish with just being so precipitated and jumping on into residual being a poor view script that you are what's reported. I don't want them to miss the show on Monday so make sure battery transistors go because if because even if we have a cloud goal we know with FNL you know what's going to happen or her silence. 701 votes on a poll what music group or singer use secretly like or would never admit it. It's a secret bad for your image very manlow 93. I don't know how to take that because it means a lot of people actually like some of his music but they never would admit that. And what what what song do they like maybe this one? Mandy right I got them also let's let's see right now. I don't want to hear them all. I write this song yeah I don't know. There you go. Yeah that's how I write this song. Mm-hmm. You're the mouth my show. Bare manual 93 George Michael 63 Miss Michael. Now we'll say this I mean bare manual is just a he's one of those guys expect to be probably right after with any Williams in what's that place where any Zagot that operates Missouri. Branson Missouri. Have you right there? Richard Branson George Michael 63 Jackson made some good music boy George 41 did not ever make any good music. Elton John 40. No M&M 35 Neil Diamond 33 Abba 28 Abba David do monkeys 26 speaking of Wilma Barbara Strasich and 22 John by Jobe 21 Michael Jackson 19 that's how he made do a better than that. So what I steely then 19 Elvis 18 R. E. M. 17. Backstreet for his hey Michael Steig you're fairie. Backstreet for his 15 B.D.s 14. Will his people 14 Rick Nelson 14 Avril of E.N. 14 R. E.S. feed wagon 14. Journey 13 will Smith 12 Bobby Vitton 11 which George was Bobby Vitton a lot. Pete. A lot. Get out of here blue velvet my ass. I'll get a brush. Blue velvet he needs terrible he's just awfully like once step away from pretty coma. He's like create coma with the likes to oxygen that's awful. 49 Boston 9 play 1.8 August Ricky Martin 7 in stinks 7. Rule 5 7. Rule 7 on have any Anne Marie 7 Lisa Gillesigs David Cassidy 6 Brian Adam 6 he'll say that you five we knew in five aqua 4 CCR 3. Millie Vanillie 3 Michael Bolton 3 kiss 3 Jimmy Buffett's got a pair. Lysom and Ellie 2 Ron Stewart 1 so Vester 1 Batman Ler 1 O' Town 1 90 degrees and Ted Newton so far got the thing. That's that is the second largest 90 degrees have a none. Is it? Oh yeah blue. Yeah that's song blue was so about the other one he's saying that's like he's saying they all blue red my line it was a thinned of colors he was bad man he was very colorful to Polish prince and you and you're laughing but you admitted to me that you like him you voted for him. Is that the the whole point of the poll there? Oh that's a good bearer thing yeah well that bearer thing but I'm questioning how you could possibly like that my god Bobby's in my ass that's he's that was that the god is he banned he is pathetic and not only that but when you see him like on that time livestream he's who are he's got that Jason get worth thinking it was right now he goes about a hundred years old oh it's bigger that the movie faith that we're gonna be a lot of a faxes and calls about not faith you know well this is an at Lauren McCall is she if she doesn't look like a hundred and twenty in that movie then my name is a soft food I mean it's this incredible you said faith birth they're faith birth whatever birth come on somebody out there is seen it after birth seen that movie WQA and hello I am living in hell by love listening to the on oh so he's the on that's good now the Canadian stiff a whistle and burst WQA hello Neo yes I've got an obanete my favorite it's still shatner oh what a man yeah he can really put out a ponder sound man poor Billy's shatner WQA and hello you are a big uh Tom Jones throw a ponder I don't see anything wrong with like him Tom Jones it's especially the new one old Tom Jones yeah nothing that's all yeah no now what's that's all I know what the song is this is the minute that was good that's incredible yeah baby yeah anyway here's the Tom Jones song here's your favorite no here's my name sex bomb come on mind him up the journalist voice he used to be the cable was a whole lot of worse but now the networks let their act just turns there's a wind and sight to visit sanity all the dire love and taste for vanity swear and like a sailor all the three day past words a whole lot worse than Adam It's time to 2 hour! Hi very! She is the greatest singer of the world as Fongong. And now she has created the greatest fragrance, the world will ever smell. Celine, that's who. Hello, this year is Celine Vion, and my older brother will go on. If you have a thought desire to smell like Celine Vion after she sweats on stage for three hours, then you can't wait to say, who? It can feel strong and that's another bit of my perfume. Celine Vion, this sensual thing that makes that out as much sense as her English. Oh, good, it smells, not in style by her music. Celine Vion is the type magic order for the beauty who wants to smell like a piece. Don't run, don't walk for my perfume, through the store you should go. Yeah? Celine Vion, we're the Thomas to celebrity brand extension, Dr. Fising. You son, really is him. And I see her daughter. Is that my music? Yeah, one or two or five, six, you know, you can't wait and we got the mulmise to come up into a talk. Before we got the real dolphin pregame show at El Palacio with mad dog and a bunch of goofballs, that's what we can use with the make believe, whatever they got on the other place, where they have a big gauze. And then we got three hours of embarrassing stuff. And then a 10 o'clock to build off in post games show at the El Palacio followed by the ad camp on show midnight till 2 in the am. That's our word, running light up. Herkines is not coming to like Monday on a west coast and then it'll zip across the state. Or not, I'm not how fast it's going to be going. I think it's going to accelerate across the state and that would be great. Somebody says for the full, how about queen? And I say, uh, this is absolutely, well, I guess, very close. That's by the way, what? Why would anyone be embarrassed like in queen? Okay. So, like the name was a little bit like a little bit of a tip off. Here's a facts from Cliff who says, why are they just named all herkines after men? Whenever they name it after a woman, the hurricane turns into one big bitch that changes its mind to a much and can't wait to ruin your life. Good point, Cliff. Also Cliff likes Phil Collins and a pun day is some sorry. And you ought to be fine. Phil Collins is a little about 2 feet tall, a little months can win me. Very, I don't know, it would be the word, in effect, well, that this, that great one was with queen and then, uh, no queen. With queen, yeah, with Genesis. And then, uh, oh, oh, oh, thank you. And you got it, many did this. Yeah, okay, bye Phil. See, hey Phil. Still standing by for police to disrupt suspicious packets, U.S. capital and they have disrupting quotes. They're going to disrupt it. What have been, you know, so. Is that they were paying, whether they'll act in the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, simply, what, what that laughed at campus all about there. Who's the closing to another? Look at that same power. It shouldn't have happened when it was done. In case we're getting, uh, from some, uh, police from this here, uh, clear, I don't want to spend a bit on what that was, the approach, uh, what exactly happened. But we're hearing that there may be another approach. Um, so we can, we can take for a little more information, but we're hearing that, uh, getting it from our predictions about the chillet. Let us take a little bit more and we'll be right back. Okay, thank you. Five, six seven. I want to get some, uh, some, uh, some birth people. Some people said I moved it with Nicole Kimman. And the six hundred year old, uh, uh, a, uh, a Lauren Bacal. She had wrinkles on wrinkles. That's how it was. Oh, she looked pretty good. You're older. But she was good though as always. How many QA and hello? I got one for four. Yes, sir. The three men from Canada rush. Baba, anybody being perched, told you to say they like rush. Well, there's some people I tell my life amazed. They say you like that. I strategy, but they don't like the voice. Yeah. Well, to the school then everybody likes to rush, right? Right. If you don't like rush, you don't like rock and roll. There you go. There you go. If you don't like rush, just want to pop the few oxies, man. Get with it. What? WKOM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for the pool. Okay. Rob Thomas. Uh, oh. I love that guy. Okay, don't even know. See it again. Rob Thomas. He's an old smoothie is what I heard. Rob Thomas. Man, in fact, maybe he and Santana can a little bit of a match made in purgatory. They played that and they played it and they played it and they played it and they played it. Oh, do I have a banana? Yeah. Yeah. This one here. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay, good. I like the stuttooth. Really? Oh, I like the subject matter. Yeah, you would. And then we also got, uh, just in case, we got the... Oh, we got the... Haha. Santana, you've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas. And I'm old way to sit with Michelle Branch. Everyone wants Santana on their song. So leave compile the C.E. collection of every artist's Santa has ever played with like M&M. Two set of four girls going on the outside, down the outside, down the outside, down the outside. The Dixie Chicks. The Dixie Chicks. Andre of the Jelly. He's Santa's a rich for everyone's CD, including unrelays tracks from Carlos and John Tess with some day your journey will end. He's a good star playing for who will play with anybody except of course Kelly Clarks. No way man. Santa's looks for everyone. Order now and receive a personalized bonus track for Santa plays your very own birthday song. Happy Birthday to you Santa. Okay, one of the seven of you I am. Anyway, here's the fact that says could you please mention the link to the main dog video in the Suncine. What day was it? Was that Wednesday? Okay. If you say so. I don't know what the link would be. I guess you'd have to go into their archives. We should have that on our website, Dammit. That was my mistake. I got a search box out there. They can't go to the Suncine Center and search for a man to go to the little box. Do a search for Jim Mandage on the Suncine Center. It's a really hooded 12th watch and listen to and dittling around with. Okay. Let's go to the sports page. Right. Just go to the Sticken Sports page and leave us alone. Here's one that says from Aden for Lauderdale. I hope you're able to read the first two facts. As I said yesterday on Camel. Anyway, it says I got I would listen on the internet. Got stuck listening that stupid sports news conference. How do you like that stuff and clear it's his end for Lauderdale. Who listens online? Because probably are crappy AM signal when he's out there like. Like try to listen to all the aesthetic on 441 and wherever else he lives. He'd rather listen online or it's crisp and clear. I'm probably translated into 100th of a point. Yeah. You know, you see you don't understand. You know, it all adds up. A couple of diaries man and a straightforward hours and you're up a creek. That could be a difference between making a bonus and not. You know, our crowd. Of course, if we'd have come like right on the edge of it, it would be a big, big fat lawsuit man. A big lawsuit. Anyway, please end these old favorites to the show. He says, Herman's hermits and Gary Lewis and the playboys. Two excellent choices and I hate to say it. So I hate to say it. But I like him both. I like Herman's hermits. You know, like Gary Lewis and the playboys? What did they do? Everybody loves the clown. Count me in. Yeah, like that. I figured what else? For those of the two big ones. Everybody loves the clown. Gary Lewis, you went to be at nomin' and came back and he was mom. And then we saw his daddy. He said, oh, I've never been to speak again. He's actually went to daddy's head. He's like a balloon. Oh, they had a lot of great hits that I like. So I can go like the boat, for example this. Who wants to wear this diamond ring? You. This box is ring. What is by topchist, by the way? I have no idea. I have no idea. There's a point. This is one of my favorite items. Is that one of the choices by topchist? I don't even know. Maybe there's nothing to do with the device anymore, man. I love green grass. I love green grass. I'm not waiting to know. This is mostly the community explosion. We've read the script of the device and I've currently Chevy and power that's covered last in the camera. Yes. Sorry. That's the right. That's the right. That's the right. That's the right. That's the right. That's the right. That's the right. Sorry. Sorry. That's the right. That's the right. This is a pan for a while. It's good for that. Don't step on it now. Is that it? Is that you? Oh, you see that? Two. There you go. We're playing in simple. What you saw basically as these moved in on this is this is this is this is this is the vehicle. In an area not far from the capital. There was a suspicious package in here. Sadly, a bomb. It's been a few hours. This is playing out on Capitol Hill for the past a couple of hours now. The streets have been poured off and now you saw. The weather's safe procedure. I was trying to get all of them. It might be still on the phone with us. It used to be part of a bomb squad. Was it the, was it, were you in the bomb squad? Mike in Washington or was it another city? I was on the bomb response unit with the joint. There's a task force. I didn't watch it today. I'm watching today. Well, good for you, Mike. He's out of here. We're doing a hell of a show. I mean, you know the job and a show. So what's all that stuff sticking out to door now? They blew it up. They fired about 8,000 rounds in there. And it's like a bunch of mong stickin out the door. What is that? The interior of the car? I wouldn't imagine. Maybe like that's the back seat, right? Probably. And of course, I'm sure we don't know a, not a weed in there, man. That would've been really borrowed. Then they would've just shot the two guys. I said, what did I just put the gun? I said, what did I put the gun? I said, what did I put the gun? And if they had a scale in there, this is the new Roger. This is what's in this. This is 5.16. 8.16. Hey, you bastard. I'm not going to go to the board. Go to the board. Go to the board. Go to the board. Go to the board. And I said, oh, what was that you? That's the idea. You said a lot of the time you took about me that way. Yes. And I don't give a crack what that's very nice to say. If you want to go, sing, sing, sing, sing. And what? I have you. No. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the time, though, I think the elevator down. In my way, did I cry when I told them that heading out? I gave them a 하면서. Can't go. They've got a lot of fun. Let a brain go back and out. Bought it to asome fire. A toll. Bought it to a fire. Town, and a city, home and a,��터, dessert, a dessert. Cuba, Duomas. I'm going to fight the second child. Why you? I got a whole new sport, old boots. I know everything that's going on in the tattoos. Why I even know all the new Marjaroos. I'm here to enjoy Daddy Oru. You're so bad that you know I'm not gonna lie. You're the baddest, you're when I hate you, right? I know I ain't no one's going to need. But when they drop high boys with chance. You're the little sporties, and the girls. And the girls. When the boys, you're the boys. You're the boys. The boys, the boys. You're the boys. The boys. You're the boys. 118. 155. 167. You give them a mole. Mysterim himself. It's the best thing to do. I'll let the dolphin hug her right. John, test somebody since for the pool. I didn't know he was a singer. I thought he just tickled the piano. I thought he was a piano. That's right. A grand pianist. So then how can he be what music group or singer? I don't think so. In addition, which we can do, if we can do it, if we can. Put him on there. Good. If we find whoever sent his facts. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. Who's his deal? Yep. He's still got your quarterbacks. Yep. Get the brand new one. 2005. Yeah, I just started to scow into. Excellent. The summer torrents. Really nice car. Greatest vehicle ever made. I got that funky red one. You know, that's whatever they call that red. Not that red one. Yeah. The back of the magnet. Yeah. That's real pretty too. Yeah. The turn of the story. Yeah. I love it too. Well, train. Okay. For instance, if you don't want to use it over the weekend, bring it by the station and write. He'll take it for a spin. I'm sure he will. Okay. Enjoy. Bye bye. See there's a guy with good taste. May listen to the show. He grabs a burnt orange. 2005 Corvette. And that is the greatest vehicle with a pass. What do they call that? The keyless pass of entry. Right. What do they call that? As opposed to the act of entry? Well, no, that's a strange feeling though when you get into the car. You got no key. You have no key. I mean, you do have a minute in your pocket. You have a pocket rocket. And then just dig in the socket. But you just go in and you press a button and you start the engine. And when you turn off, you do the same thing. That's great. That's a beautiful thing. Anyway, try it next week. That's your week to go out and buy one. Dominique, you weigh in, hello. Hello, how are you? I'm good. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, I live around. You got to put a little bit of a racy on their mat. Yeah, he was in hell of a singer. He did actually sing a little bit, but no. Did he? No. Well, in the shower. Dominique, you weigh in, hello. Thank you. How are you doing? Pretty good. Hey, you left for the pole. How about the carpenters? Oh, that's very good. That's right up our alley. Perpen and Bobby Goldsboro? Oh, yeah. It has a Bobby Sherman. No, and I, you know, you can carry the way. Cool. Cool. You're in heaven. See, he's a heart man. Nice game. Carpenters was good. And Bobby Goldsboro is good. If you insist. Honey, Bobby Goldsboro music to play a brain sound part. You made a most depressing music. Not a beat, happy like the Carpenters. Yeah. The Monday mornings really get me down. Oh, boy. I wouldn't be surprised if you were the pensioner family. Yeah, rainy days in the lesson. Half-fight Sundays. Eric is doing now. What does this say? Could you put a link on your web? Well, I don't get surly with his people. You are just a little human heart, a, man. Wow. Could you please put a link on your web search for the mad dog tip on a sense in my head? No luck finding it. That's what he says. Somebody, thanks, Kelly. Eric is doing it right now. And then it says, for Jesus, F.ing. Christ, say, can George rotate his mouth? Don't be so pushy. Don't be so pushy. Don't be so pushy. He's doing it. Don't pushy too much. Just like I say. Oh, here's what your name. Way to the north. Well, the dog face. Low. Five miles per hour. Eventually, this guy makes that turn according to our computer models here. Eventually, away from the UK, and to the other. It does continue. Miles, you can always have a mind. Lord of. Come on, Orlando. Come on, and Matt, let's wait out. No, it's normal. It's like you're seven of them. So I'm centering right here coming over to southern have. Hey, we're not. Sometime on Monday, but we're already seeing some effects from the storm right now. We've put this over to radar. And if you see that the overwhelming majority of those taking well, north of my game, we're all. And also towards the north. That's not what I want to get anybody like. Yeah, that's not right. I'm trying your crab. But I'm just telling you, don't get all that out of shape. If you look out. Taking a look once again after trial. Because regardless of where it goes, I'm still going to bring some. And I ask the, we're watching for Wilman and Matt. And I'm going to make a hard for you to choose by Monday morning. And sometimes between Monday and Tuesday, making lamp off on Florida's coast. It looks like the intensity will be dwindled down from where it is right now, as a category for. And that has to do with very strong winds and the upper levels of the atmosphere that are sharing this storm. And we're expecting that to occur, especially on Monday. They'll also really move this storm much quicker than it is right now towards the Florida coast. The way I'm doing this, they're showing a card on over the east coast of Florida. But she's not that like an hour. But when you've seen this busy hurricane, you're in the hot point too. Work out of grey one certainly still a serious situation. But right now, the biggest threat, the area most concerned with at this moment, is the UK can just get in pounded. Yeah, okay. Well, pound this. That's funny. She's not either. She's got a dog face. Yes. Yeah. So if you're in a hello, not there. QAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Congratulations on the number. Thanks. You're the first the only person to call to say nice going again. Guys, how do you keep doing it? Thank you. Okay. And the second lead is if I thank you, please don't make me call that motion. Put that up right down. That's a often offensive line versus KP's defense of mine. I really need to know. I have a good feeling about this game. Yeah. I'll feel this. Come in QAM hello. Hi. Come in QAM hello. I have to order the question a couple weeks back. You could. Yeah. Okay. Good. I'm going to QAM hello. QAM. I'm off reading our QAM. Can't do it. QAM hello. Thank you. Pretty good. Did you see the very birth with Nicole Kidman? Can you? Yeah. Do you have a relationship with her? What? Why are you worried about it? Well, if you need somebody, let me know. Okay. I got 20 of sure. I should've had to think about it. I'm letting some goofball like calls out there on the air. You're a little around in my house. Yeah. The person who kneels over dress just call on the air number one. DM me. WQAM hello. Any like a little tip for all Joel who finds you know with that other station. Joel finds you. Maybe when you throw in the sofa, you want her to have back your silly bitch. Okay. Ha ha ha. Joel finds team. We're number one. Oh, he just he really took a pounding man of battering. Like I predicted, almost even the men 25, 54, most of the numbers began with a oh, oh, you're not good, release your consistent Joel. Oh pathetic. Oh embarrassing. Oh degrading humiliating. Oh insane. Oh out of this world. Oh out of sight. Oh. And of tight. Oh. And bad. You're fair. Anyway. Florida Governor. I mean, sorry, not our Fed. I said, Governor California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. We've popped your question. I'm leading California Democrats that he break them in special election campaign. We're going to ask President Bush for more federal money. The Republican governor said he was too busy before the November 8th. Vote to meet with the President during Bush's two day stop and Southern California yesterday and today. Nobody wants to be within 5,000 yards of bozo of the smirking chip. But Schwarzenegger also said he was not happy that Bush was raising money in California so close to the special election. We would have appreciated if he had done a fundraising after November 8th. Arnold said Wednesday. The governor has literally $50 million fundraising gold of remote his value initiatives, which would curb the power of the Democrat control legislature. Democrats criticized the governor's decision to skip the Bush events saying Schwarzenegger is putting politics ahead of the needs of the state. Apparently the only thing we've got is collecting is special interest money said a Assemblyman, Duryo Framer, Democrat of L. A. I like that. Hey, Arnold, you idiot. You fair. You're quizzling. And when he admitted he was like, you know, back then he's doing a bodybuilding time. It's been what? He was anybody. Anybody? Everybody. He's a big. He's just this. He's five sixty two eight. All the slime all the time.oney has me from Hell, I married Kenny a few months ago Now the sudden she said something odd Next while I'm charging him with breakfast Because when they walked out You friend Bavla, who'd she made the whole world They come some kind of fruit now, people everywhere Wonder what she meant by this enoment Don't you like my hair? It's true that I've all done I was just stepping by the cowboy hat He always kept on his pants Now there is no doubt Then he's a pony I'll pay him a pony just so I can get out 132 and 562 in late We kicked acid and ratings again on the summer book Remember one of them were just pleased this punch And proud of it And run on it and tell everybody what's the listen Even people don't own a radio I do like that Speaking of colonialism You know, Karen Hughes I know him Karen Hughes is another one of those Bunkbub buddies from Texas of your president US goodwill on board Karen Hughes got an earful From a group at a mostly female Indonesian Muslim students today Who expressed anger at the US and raised a rack And attacked Washington's foreign policies And there's a picture of her She looks like she's a bunch of little a shriek Like she's culling in the corner there TAS by US president George W. Bush to polish America's image overseas The undersecretary state for public diplomacy is in Jakarta To meet leading Muslim cleric and students during a tour of the world's most popular Muslim nation Lieders America always act as if they were the place of the world Berakatool Hikmai 20 year old student at some university as to use an in the camp for nons Lyle to Kadaar a petite 19 year old student wearing colorful headsgar was added It's Bush and Iraq Afghanistan Palestine And maybe it's going to be an Indonesia I don't know who is the terrorist Bush or us The US embassy organized the session with some 15 students at the university A moderate Islamic set of learning that's received US funding Which produces some of the countries most influential Muslim thinkers Hughes who is largely composed and subdued during the session alone the picture Which is like she's the righty of the thing she's going to get attacked The fin of the invasion of Iraq is necessary to protect the US Following the 9 level of attacks because the administration saw Saddam Hussein as a security threat Why the lie from Kerenhuz after all he used weapons and mass destruction against his own people Like he murdered hundreds of thousands of innocent people using poison gas Yeah poison gas you got from the Reagan administration for a minute is bunked by buddy down to Rumsfield That's right Kerenhuz you go girl if you silly bitch Oh, the way that he keep making up this craft let's see how did Hank do against Joe and how did Defo do? What time is Defo on we know? Art of what? On the 790 man Joel Fimbers there'd be really upset with you even though the Defo is over there They got that made that big coup as in Pukku Kuchu I think you know I don't know what what is he on drive you know what? I think 7 to 10 something like that and like when everybody's watching TV Now what do you want to know how did Hank do against your rose? I'll tell you he kicked Joe's ass In fact Joe is not too happy about argument he's really pissed off at Joel Fimbers If you thought that Joe was a cousin about him behind his back before you ain't seen nothing yet Okay, in fact I got that drop in that we once played but I don't think we better look at Yeah, I'm not that one and not that one which and not that one but that's here's the first let Joe rose to a Joel last week You can kiss my rear end and it's probably we're going to tell now What we made a bad mistake there see I'm thinking here's what I'm thinking what do you think of? Because Hank's starting to build that audience in the morning very nicely he'll come around It's grossed out of the way we got rid of that I were a wingbag thing please please please Clareitz don't put that thing back on there again like an albatross around the humpers neck When you're as big an old and fat as the humpers you don't want to have like an albatross around your neck Even if Stanley the answer was driving it back in the day when he was alive or Harry Harvey now listen to me don't put that crap on there again So what I'm saying I'm thinking it mad dog 2 to 5 and the mole mice 2 5 to 7 Yeah, that's what I'm thinking because those numbers he mad dog is not inheriting with huge lead in that he hit when he was on her a two or he used to keep He used to basically like if we had a seven or eight year in the last hour he also have a seven share are you important losing our momentum here on the stage are What somebody might just to have a change your heart, you know, he did the right thing by not keep you asked fire, but he might have a change your heart And after start to put in the pressure on again anyway morning. Let's see 2554 men top 105 I just can't believe that that bogus number man on man top 105 my ass 8.9 share in the morning Then WSDJ, which is an oh speaking in grace 8.4 big 7.1 Paul and Ron dropping early 2 points from that spring book Oh, but there's still let's still a big number for them, especially if you ever heard that show I'd argue on more radio no spaghetti in place for four for four what the well see I don't know the difference I'm sure you don't either because you don't listen that crap the difference between radio on more and radio or romansia It's AMR and RMA do we know the difference if by we you mean me then no, oh, I'm sure Josh is listening CMQ FM 4.4 so there's a time there for fourth where the hell is Hank? Or he said to bottom the paid police on the first page he went from 2.8 in the spring book to a 3.8 from 11 to 8th 3 8 And I'm sure had a nice big juicy September because no Iran because of people on your hang that's some windbag from the essential And Joe Joe Rogel mama oh, I'm just feel so bad for Joe. We got screwed over so bad on this station Great, we did number on him and look at over there. He actually tied with scare America Now what's that awful show they have on in the morning that somebody was raven about they have some horrible crap in the morning I forget yeah, yeah, you're right there. Anyway, they dropped from a 2.6 to a 1 4 from type or 14 to 25 for 22 Scuro Merrick and they're tied for 22 with waxy which went from a 2 5 in the spring to a 1.4 Oh my god, and I think that's a 1.4 is the only is that the only one I got over a 1 or what they have named I'm gonna not say that I could kind of be oh gee, you hear what you said he's miscoded in the numbers one thing we do not do one show is miscoded numbers Joel, okay As if you had any let's say on or they have a 1 8 and afternoon drive have a 0.7 in midday and they have a from a 2 6 down to a 1 8 So they have a little bit of a flurry there in the spring which of course was helped by the flired diaries the 18 to 34 year old man, which were all funny But only and they're all like oh hey look at this we're younger and hyper and colder and young guy everybody's on you in fact the younger people are the more they realize that you got crap on here 24 7, okay Except for Joe And don't be don't be count on a booster too much because guess what he's gonna be ESPN and it big time He's gonna be a big national star the booster and just like I tried to tell Josh there He made the right move by not taking that Marlon deal is that right Oh, I knew you'd come on. I admitted that you were right. I was wrong. I was thinking very my apicaly and of course being the voice of a team in South Florida It is not a big deal because who the hell can hear he anyway? It's not like being on KM or X insane Lewis around WBZ and Boston doing sports. You're unlike you know in South Florida So what's the big semester even on TV? He's good to get the baseball not on the years though like I always told you oh, oh, man Okay, so what are we gonna need a poll so far? Pretty damn good today considering everything and equal with a hurricane coming 800 and three votes I bet you've had a toy to begin the show. We're gonna need over 800 votes on a poll today. He said yeah, you mama Oh, I would have not so a socks and hell. I wouldn't have thought that we didn't get anybody else who saw that then movie birth milk with Much your name the cold Edmund Lord Nicole and we're in the call and that strange old kid. It's just it's just a strange movie But it really it starts when it starts taking the twists and turns it's a very well done until the end and of course like so many movies that you thought we're gonna Because I'm watching that I'm thinking man am I glad I found this this is really intriguing. It's fascinating. It's bizarre It's strange, you know, and of course you don't need I like strange. Well, we all do Who doesn't like a little strange or a lot of strange but anyway then the ending comes here what the hell was that? This facing new Rogers This is five 16 Two It's Paul Harvey standby for news and the Johnson from Chicago, Illinois went to Spain to attend a bullfight Afterwards, he went to a nearby restaurant in order to specialty of the day the way here brought him two balls On a huge plate which the tourist ate with relish the next day Andy goes to the same restaurant Once again orders the specialty of the day and his brought two large balls on a huge plate and it tastes rumious But their day Andy goes to the same restaurant and the fourth to say but on the fifth day Andy goes to the restaurant and orders the specialty of the day And they bring him two very small balls on a giant plate and he says well, what gives and the waiter says in your the bullfighter does it always win Harvey Good day a day 145 a QM we got to mole my sister and nobody gets all the stuff for that dolphin game We love the dolphins, they're gonna lose. I'm sorry. Tracy and Kendall who's just an out of control these days Happy rating she says thank you Tracy Also, she said that we're like to not an eight can't an inch limit for your pull. Got that Josh or an entenial I'll admit I like their stuff. Yeah, I like them and I'm not well, of course with me what happens is it make but I bet even Josh likes that love will keep us together Huh, yeah, just a classic in my house. You don't know the captain inton I do I just said my do is by 90 degrees There you go Britain by Neil Syracca by the way for trepony. Oh, right. Will you play? Oh God Anyway, she says I need to redeem myself from the jeans stapled into buckle from the other day. I actually loved her But figure others beside you did not I don't anybody don't like eat it correct George. She says I bought the shine hit O'Connor collaborations based on your recommendation during the summer It's a great album with song and collaboration was the one you were waiting about on the show just wondering also Tracy says the sky's falling Empire say and wasn't Empire's the one that I was talking about but tear the mood is also a right up Trying to conquer yeah the collaborative so sure she doesn't belong on the pole of it Why don't stick around or shine hit O'Connor you got it? Yeah, it's called Cineat Yeah, your is Irish pop singer Chenado Connor is your nose Do you feel like the Irish Republican army blew up a car in your head and try the sign is medication for us stuffy Irish pop singers Cineat O'Connor signado Connor goes right to work where the problem starts in my big swollen head nothing compared To signado Connor so remember when you've got to head cold try signado Connor when you've got to cold head gross of hair Look for signado Connor at your pharmacy next to road game Oh, man, what if she's down from the program aisle right before everyone's favorite sign head star that was man think of yeah Can't say it though no That's about as much as you play a couple notes that's it Joyce has covered out in the P. All of your desk I'll speak to this if you're worried about not having enough troops to fight those evil and by the way if you two they like we got 1990 and I also got another good movie We sides birth for you to watch all I haven't seen yet. I got movies to get this weekend for core would really make me see we've seen it It's gonna be on cable or has there that scene previous for it. I want to see that there was lady plan actually would buy me a night and she said and our husband came by she said oh here comes the core In other words she was doing good and right away she pulled the action down she started losing her ass. She says to me if it's we were chatting, you know, and she said have you seen that movie the core We're gonna make sure he said no, you love it anybody who's a gambler. They'd love the core Just like that movie would fill up us see more our shorts hopman right the type of guy that was filmed here in Toronto It was a true story for the name of that thing Hi, uh-huh, the whole morning the whole morning morning morning. Very good during my home. That was a Halloween story And the plot of the story was that he was a compulsive gambler in denial and he said oh, I'm having a gambling problem. I have a reasoning problem The more important it was just a very well done. Yeah, so the cooler was I read the review on I'm debased possibly pretty damn good really made Tracy So there go birth with Nicole Kymman and a very ancient Lauren Bacol and the cooler was really made anything he's in his good. He's just great. So far. Yeah, including Magnolia Even though you hated far go far go was great. She was if when I was her name the after census McDonald's Oh, she was all the bullet brothers. She was so good man. She's oh, yeah Oh, it's anyway, I started to say if you were to buy not have enough troops to fight all the evil doers Albuquerque and New Mexico Sally Alice Thompson had a laugh when she got led off from the Marine Corps Commanding General Telling her that the military is a need of your service and inviting her to find out more by sitting in the enclosed card What else could I do? I mean I'm 82 years old Thompson said yeah, all ladies are gonna be fighting them battles over What do they got to lose not only that Thompson is a well known local peace activist who's a charter member of the Center for Peace and Justice and Albuquerque And belongs to veterans for peace and raging grannies So instead of setting in the car she finds the visiting Marine recruiting center with other raging grannies Which Thompson describes as a group of women unhappy about wars of aggression and about nuclear armaments I don't know what kind of reception will get said Thompson is serving in the Navy and WWE of WWE 2 She began questioning government actions when the US went to war and Vietnam She has since taken part in the great peace march 86 across the US participate in the similar march from a living grad Damascus of the following year She's been more than a dozen marches since Bush to the office and went to Crawford Texas and Augustin support Cindy Sheen when she and try to talk with the president of course he was a month You go girl you go granny Sally Alice That's probably right next to skinny Alice. No, I have a name for a town skinny Alice New York you're been in skinny Alice. No fat Alice though I have seen a fat Alice also so Charles Alice and I saw what's his name there Jack Lillena on there with that damn power juicer He's peddle in there. They practically have to hold him up during an infomercial. Are you the one you see that? No, my no Josh is on a weekend watching those infomercials heavy duty now You cannot come on you want but wouldn't been for the infomercials who would have had your flavor wave up and which I use mine every day just about so do I you Very good say I don't know I'm gonna love you people don't check that out. I mean we got no asked to run for them My dear, but that is one mighty good of plants that you ought to have in your kitchen First one by the body wash, which I got a new saying George one by the name of that the brand saying say guys say knives courier and say nice It's a Roma it's all the you and good. It's pink right about that speaking about the upper part of the shop Just a shopler now. What is this say? Can I read this? Yeah, it's clean. Oh On your Alice no. No can't equal poppy Yeah, your number one poppy. Oh Also, thank you so much that is really Oh You know those three kids the student the kids are still dead. Oh, yeah The course where it says that last night that it's suspended the search for two kids allegedly tossed by the mother of a San Francisco Pyror along with the other one that they found the body of search terms Wednesday we covered the body of one child two year old Toronto Grewly Toronto Yeah about five hours after police got a 9 11 called the body was found two miles from the pier the bodies of a sibling six year old Trace in Harris and Joshua Grewly 16 months have yet to be found the Coast Guard said that the probability of survival Search duration elected development in the case for the suspension of its search which covered 68 square miles It's unlikely that anyone could survive in the 50 five-view water for more than about two and a half hours So captain David in the SWAT land the Coast Guard the waters also were known for strong tides So just like Natalie was when the tide came in they went out This is new This is A You're watching the new PBS now beholden to George W Bush Hosanna and the highest and creator of all things seen and unseen two better serve our glorious later We had billmoyers removed and shot Tancel ball 10 burns and use a New York documentary You'll be pleased to know that we have replaced them instead with Michael Madden and Carlson Tucker on Tentany with video Your mandatory donation to the RNC of $1,000 or more will give you your choice of a tote bag or an authentic for arm tattoo If you don't like it, the S.U. Don't like All the heart burn Don't go Every time I see Don't go That pre-card in the wet Don't go Oh Heads president comes Repout the kid Russell in And in our ticket in India I don't know why They won't want to know But none of these They're the first ones of their four years with president up Oh What I can do No, no, no, no, no And get to know what it's called Oh Oh If you want this Don't go That's drumming stupid That's the vocal That's the vocal That's the vocal Don't go Easy then But do please president Don't go You don't care what it's all You got to make it by her third bro I heard her third bro I heard her third bro I heard her third bro I heard her third bro I heard her third bro Oh my god With president He's one of our kind They want to be He's one of our kind But kind of coming up next We got on call for some And the real pre-game and the real Anyway, speaking of games and national hockey league Today asked the reschedule Of Saturday scheduled game between the Panthers and the Ottawa Senators Oh, well, the MLB back in talent that game is played It will be a banana moral at the bank online again A standard of the game will be played instead Monday, December 5th at 7 p.m. So no, a panter game to burn out Just an add abundance of caution as they say The game as rescheduled to a unpredictable By the conditions associated with Wilma We rescheduled again because so many fans had panter employees I've left the area because one of which were safe travels In and out of Florida for the teams in officials Said NHL deputy commissioner bill daily We think the Senators and panters for their platform We can go by the way Fair bit of instill a pots Love music group for singer to use secretly likely would never admit That's our poll question they 800 in the 50 votes not bad Very manllow 109 George Michael Miss Michael 68 Elton John 47 Boy George 44 how do you like to end Gave a neodiamen 42 m and m 40 Ab 38 the VG 33 33 the monkeys Markos action 25 I've been 25 John Bond Jovi 23 George Hatesham like poison This is it is purple the attacks Steely then 20 village people 19 Elvis 19 the back feet boys out of the arena are you in 17 I'm never going to get these all in I'm doing whatever A journey 15 written Elson 15 Area or speed wagon 15 will Smith 12 Bobby Vinton 12 the Polish prince George loves him four in your 10 and Boston 10 Bye bye bye