Right I I was gonna talk to you about something the steak house at the Seminoxino Yeah, I ate there a couple weeks ago. It is really good. Huh, how come you never mention Christian Lees? I got this fancier today from Brian the Ling who says he's not Chinese. Maybe he's a panda bear. Yeah, Ling Ling. Yes He's in the is great. I don't know. I need a lot of steak there since you didn't do me to greet you's coming at least twice a week Over the years his tanks still goes there, but never mentions it. I go there a lot. Yeah, so I'm gonna see how I've mentioned it I don't know is damn it. It's good I like it season by the way now. You hear the the outcome on roots Chris? Yeah, we're both wrong Well, I'm snatched There was no ifs buts or rans it's right from their website if you're gonna be that much of a hard ass tonight It like the people are roots christ on over the name came from it didn't come from her son or her husband You know, I don't know where the name came from a tank I let me just tell you which the story was okay because I Used to go there a lot in the 70s okay The place was called Chris is steak house. She bought it right she was married. She got the horse He was you know as part of the course me forcey bought it. She didn't and part of the deal It's on the website. She got divorced long before she bought the restaurant With her 22 last 22 grand she mortgage the house. Hey the story that they told in the world In the seven miles care about what they used to hang out when I used to go in the world and I used to eat there a lot Okay, and the deal was When the show you open it well maybe it was a local rumor, but once you moved to the other place She had the change in name because she didn't want the ex-husband to share in any of the No other profit sales of the settlement the deal she had when she bought Chris a steak house was that as long She kept it in the same location she could keep the same name Yeah, there was a fire she had a move between other location and so she called it roots Chris steak house Now you think about that? Why would she if there was a fire and she moved to another location? Why would she have to change the change in name? I just got through telling it because it was in the contract when she bought the restaurant And if she kept it in the same location He could keep the name that if you ever moved to another location, she couldn't keep the same name I'm telling you it was part of the horse and I know I'm full of it. I'm telling you I'm so on their website and I don't care what the website says that website is wrong Have to time and I'll tell you something else What do you do? Have to have people in the world and that was on the roof Chris website. That was the story in the world When she opened up the other place are you people listening to this? I think you're losing it. No, I had a good day would mind by the way, yes, do you know I'm quite of that blind look for you talk about blind look Well, that's what the machines are you well, of course they are, but it's all timing man It's whatever luck time right walking and there's one machine open there that always kills me And I sit down I got no choice and but I'm being I just didn't know anything I have a question for you. Yes since they said no slot machines in They county voted it down right how can the Mickey circus ask for slot machines? Yeah, based on the law that what's what exists and because you know the fact that the seminals and the Mickey well First of the seminals are asking for this. I got that story, but the fact that they're doing this I mean you talk about a bunch of hypocrites these are the people that put up almost $6 million to lie and scare the daylight out of the people of the state of Florida back in November and now they're well You know monkey see monkey do they got it we wanted to which you know There is a title to get it since the state constitution whatever forms are gambling are prohibited by the state constitution So if I'm counting but no, I don't really don't think so I think I'm I'm not sure but I think with the Indians it's the state So the state allows any form of gambling anywhere in the state I believe that legally they're gonna get it. Oh, I'm sure they were they ought to get it. It is there to get a default back Boy oh boy, but isn't that unbelievable other the ads that they put on the year. Oh, it's gonna destroy our family tourism and images I'll flirt in the crime, you know I mean it's one thing if you go to a fine restaurant and you want a good meal But if you want all the food in the restaurant they call you as the Chinese say a hazard and it's exactly what the The sentence, right? Yeah, you know, I would just like Josh Curtis just that 18 16 states or whatever He heard that he's the state sent the food in boy. What up pig? Yeah, I was good Well, how many states are gonna be delivered here today? None pizzas today. We're going for you doing pizza? Yeah That's a big good. Yeah, it will be good now. These pizzas still are right at time That's been a long time. Yep. It's still great. Yeah The other thing I said North Miami is the one over on Well, you're right. I am having a senior moment. Yes, you are you know, Mary. Oh the baker. Mary other baker. Thank you very much This is maybe it's my sharpie because I had a winning day. It would be my yesterday Mary now there used to be a place called And North Miami by Dixie Highway there was a Taco Bell on one side and I knew the side was there was also a Mary-O's or Mary of the baker And it was like another one couple of great, but I don't think they're there anymore No, I can't talk I can't change you hoods. Yeah What about the place we used to get it from on 70 nice because way Top of guns. No the one that used to deliver to the station all the time Oh, oh yeah, for us. How soon we forget? I wonder if they're still open because I know they changed management And we had them on the air for a while, but of course we don't keep anybody I heard you talking something about the sales department before and I just wanted to start screaming Boy, they are just you know this week alone you don't have many great leads. We've with all these food shows We're doing yeah, we'll see On your orders The orders are going to start pouring in right is the big oh zero Kansas City steak house used to be a sponsor by the way that brought all the food yesterday. Well, yeah, I'll soon they come back Kansas City steak house that's the place in Davy. Yeah, yeah I'll tell you who else I put on the map was on the little camp thing. Yes, I remember great place I was there not to well about two years ago, right to one over there by the piece along. Yep It's very good good stuff. I'll pay another place you put on the map melding pot That's correct. What is Alan Dushuitz case and the legislature can see not now our fat ass governor You wouldn't know cuz you've been on the year, but now our fat ass governor was urging the legislature to do this and pass along The these people will not stop no matter what the public opinion is no matter what the courts say They will not stop and they just want to stick that to over the holiday can you know you have hard of it can handle it It's on in our program director trying to make up for last week's Aberr and P. Habibia by him and is a senior boyfriend there It comes in this morning. You guess who they will got lined up if I want to guess on the show I think I said yes talk about a senior moment. Let's twist again like we did a chubby checker Now just because I mentioned chubby checker when we did the show about who belongs in a rock and roll whole of fame, which he's not in there He goes belong. Can you and I said that's like we're gonna be like the Gulf stream park of radio Maybe we can get your in pocket on next to you know, you know, what are these thick air Now isn't that song about a minute and a half long the twist? No, they're stay by Marie oh Maurice Evans you're some worries. Well, I said Ernest Evans. I was still the checkers real name How about Maurice Williams and stay that raw. Yeah, I'm in it in 23 seconds long just a little bit longer Yeah Well listen, when a lot today we're gonna have a positive attitude I got we're lucky yesterday. I had a nice sub big fat wide in my pocket I've got a two-day remote in a Bahamas like I said Yeah, yeah, can we leave it at that? Let's leave it right there. Thank you kicks in serious ass. They had a Pete Rose two by the way for us. Oh, Pete and and say how to Ruth's Chris See you right Oh How to hide it I'm under trade New idiot who ever told you that you could work with men What's your higher full just I help us to start seeing clearly to help us To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living you company man you're fairie I Was this it was disco In the 80s it was M. G. V and Okay In the 90s it was success and now the latest crazy sweeping the nation is now breathing That You Maybe we can do a pull on that one of these days worship the government the worship our fat ass governor spicked that you uh... what he say i got some ideas back to it's ten o'clock in five sixty w qa m happy wednesday two here's a fact already from a frog hater obviously got good taste it says please put mister d's on peter's road in for a lot of the owner peter's road is not in for a lot of the is there a part of peter's road that could be for a lot of the i'm not sure peter's road is plantation davie and that's it right i know it in plantation yeah well i mean it's just the extension the same thing i mean just when you get down with certain point it's a davie anyway uh... we don't really care about that i want to get the friday to upset mister d's you got it they have it in a set with the poll is yet the ability to say no we don't want to be check around the show thank you very much so clearance but they don't go away already and i can't stop it just that his boyfriend there's uh... we don't pizza today and i'm sure that will have like tons and tons of pies coming in there make sure that both you oh and you know there used to be all jesus there used to be a place that was so good but again changing neighborhood and a lot of hill on four forty one just uh... is it north of barred boulevard or is it was a bit maybe was between brown and sunrise called two guys we talked about that on here you were with that was an Italian joint but at most the pizza joint man that was really really really good in fact it was like uh... almost across from where touch take house used to be a little bit south of that i believe you know long gone anyway so we're going to be doing that eventually and see we found two things out to operate at christian leaves restaurant stay housing or something maybe to lie city still goes there but uh... he don't want for whatever reason to want to talk about it and number two he we have you ever encountered somebody who just will not listen to the facts what is wrong with him the root of christian me what do i care where the name came from it's just you but if you're going to talk about at least get a right he's thinking of his story they want to stick your story all right then i'll stick to my story she had a Sunday and christ she named she named the restaurant after christ ever choose a big tennis fan how's that that's how much good story i just made it up roots christ within the path or maybe maybe they misspelled the sign and maybe it was maybe she was very religious and it was roots christ i don't know what do you think could be let's see it says you think pleaded to be a you're your buddy building for a lot of the house given a little shot there this morning on this fact you think pleaded the entweetled them can spell this selection for the poll mics pizza in candle well christ is working on the right now christians probably got his blood sugar up to about 800 already anyway just thinking about those carbs that are coming in i bet you there be some pies coming in don't you think can build with this thing earlier because that's what i was talking about we went a lot of pizza coming in day for Miguel and for christ christ wants to clear out all that state that will plug up his arteries and his colon so we need some of that good grease on the pizza see kizolees is really outstanding the only problem i always said they need the oil change you know they need to work on that tube a little bit maybe they got to get up apricot or two that would do it and kizolees ever had kizolees pretty good but i mean the oil is just dripping from it fact you have to wear like practically like a one rose a bibs when you eat zero this is seriously otherwise your shirt is just uh... looks like you've been running any miles in a heat so i will get to that first-drised vermin vermin how do you say it vermin be each rma in or is it bareman picture sure bareman she's at our beaded curtain if you're over the age of a hundred if you have parental permission if you're a rational person who does not listen to mirror lma answer music then i'm so sick and tear that crap manages there are things maybe we'll do that pull on these days again very soon what are you just i can't handle it no no no you know i mean between every time we have another one of these abrant shootings and never could land of guns it's like oh well he listened to mirror lma answer and he wore a black trench coat he was part of the trench coat mafia and he uh... you know the symbol cramp crazy people and kids with guns everything else is fun guns are good you know everything else is bad in evil mirror lma answers the uh... anti-crisis but guns are good joist berman and he was born october thirty first nineteen seventy five which makes her almost not but not quite he was playboy cyber girl of the week third week of me in two thousand one and uh... her filmography consists of solumentinoo wild web girls dot com ninety nine or she plays herself also known as playboys wild web girls dot com so there you go that's a season of show it's pretty good to me judge jashas pickin awesome good pictures this week's the one your dreams there he gives me all the stiffs and he saves the good pictures for when he's on did you ever notice that not that's true you know if you guys all look at the web science he wow look at all the hits we got today with your john is because he's putting uh eight hundred no he's not full of anybody i've been around a block of you times i mean if we just want to put six thousand you know naked pictures on here we can get eighty billion hits too i understand what that's all about right and for interested in running some kind of perverted pornographic website are we are all well sure why not ten thirteen at five sixty wc you've got the results of yesterday's um state poll which i noticed Kansas City state house got a lot of action there like i predicted there in the afternoon and evening and overnight hours when zooming up there and jashas i'm exhausted this morning see must have been he must have been working on that even though you deny that you've voted right right can't buy him that easy would just five stakes i'm sure you're familiar with Anthony calvin fact he wants some ribs on Friday for all you guys from uh Kansas City side what is it Kansas City state house in baby he'd like to have some ribs on Friday said you know what you said i hear it's already given chicken and ribs and whatever else they go whatever you got he'll take it i'm sure you're familiar with Anthony calvin and the main man in acceptance capital mortgage so before you call any other mortgage company please do yourself a favor let the main man tell you what you don't know did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products and if you're credit is less than absolutely perfect absolutely you're ready to hear the most famous the most discouraged into let a word in the English language no no that's the word if you're not working with the right letter chances for getting a prove to only 50 50 so the years of a big a humongous favor call right now toll free one triple eight four eight three loan that's one triple eight four eight three loan let the main man in this team put you into a mortgage immediately two needs avoid going to the wrong lender maybe being turned down because you called the wrong number call the main man Anthony calvin and what acceptance capital mortgage today toll free one triple eight four eight three loan be sure until that chubby checker told you to call that's one triple eight four eight three loan every time they close alone of course there's donated to kids in distress like all anybody also bored the baton swish called the main man Anthony calvin and do today at one eight eight eight four eight three L-O-A-N no you'll know what the wick you'll go from a spoke hey fiction the portal star hey how are you doing what it would be in this x-rated film guys or girls both are those best real or fake both you want to have sex with Peter North or Ron Jeremy first we need a thousand dollars or two thousand dollars for scene both you want cheese or meat on your pizza both I am a meat lover I'm a the mood for a hot slice of five myself pizza slut could even flirt eat pizza I'm sure that I have 10 18 now back in the day we were doing those surveys on which guy is the hotter and also back in the day when they were like a little younger than they are right now if I would ask Josh Curtis who's the better looking guy Peter North or Ron Jeremy he would have said Peter North okay I mean so yeah that day that the alcohol scene brought Ron Jeremy and a building and there were these certain individuals in the building just hyperventilating I just wanted to gang it's a good thing there was no food near that day like I guess there must have been a foul was around God Ron Jeremy hey Ron I hope you're listening Ron you are disgusting I mean congratulations to you but man hey wait here's a fact that says nearly you are the man please put cassola see I haven't even given yesterday's results yet we're already moving to the pizza thing to pie because why because we love to eat we're much of pigs man all we want is that man don't lie to me most of you are just like me you wish we had a pill that you could take me for eating and a body wouldn't absorb any of the you know just enough to stay alive that's it like Harry Shival in a permanent vegetative state and you just wouldn't absorb the calories and the carbs and all that artery clogging stuff and you could just eat mung jaman jimae almost in and like every day to about 6 p.m. take a big VM and then that would kind of like when it comes flush it out see would that be great that'd be awful yeah then you just know when to be at the right place and take care of business and then go on with life be sensational what kind of God invent this kind of garbage what kind of God invents diarrhea how about a way Miguel was telling me that he ate at a place that's number one on our pizza pool right now we'll be able to eat and they still have a lost demand that's an extra bonus to bad Jeff does like us anymore you know he probably bring us some child Jeff Cohen hates us now I think that was a skipping and Berkeley can buy to do that although don't worry about that it was Berkeley huh was your fault yeah it's me because I'm a bastard that's okay Jeff we understand here's one that says Neil you demand please put Tassoles off US one in Miami on their CASO LA got it says their pizza is great in huge portions this is from Andre and West is just Andre the Giants there's eats a lot of the big pizza Antonio's in Broward Miramar Park way by Perry Middle School Antonio's got it got it yes oh you're going to work in fever for him this is in the state and I I got to be honest with you I don't think I ever had pizza in Tampa or in Orlando or in two egg or in Panama City or in Pensacola God forbid you know you're in the other stuff we did last couple of days there were restaurants all around the state for state houses and for a Titan but not Jacksonville well well let's stop and think about that for an area of that size you think that there may be just maybe there might be a good restaurant there are some kind but I would not leave the answer is no no what I mean it's big but there's nothing there yeah now there's something there alright buncha Yahoo oh boy and about to dark folks that still are like you know they keep trying to prevent them from voting every chance they get the best day house in Florida is 1533 votes yesterday not too bad roots Chris no matter how I got the name the result is still the same great meat 346 votes for which Chris especially the one here in the Hilton Hotel in Toronto oh man it's good burns day cast in Tampa to 26 Kansas City state council we take them again for all our free food I'm really a little bit suspicious about this Kansas City State Housing Dayby came from nowhere to third place even surpassing shoulos how much of brain stems not too pleased about that Kansas City State cast 16 shoulos 162 out back 14 I do love to walk about super jump act stay cast there have that no you never did what is it what is it what they call walk about so both that you know Australian thing but it's like a cheese soup a light cheese soup with onions in it you know big I mean like big onion so kind of like a French onion no no no no like with big strips of onions in it oh man it's so good try that next time you go there next time um clearance safety there I maybe Hank will take you there maybe Hank will take you to Christine Morton 72 Smith and Willinski 66 capital real 55 Christie's 40 in the gables the palm 32 New York prime 29 although more do I don't know you too happy about that um because they charge him there Chuck's 28 the rain dance your 22 the Okatobis State House and Charlie's each had 18 the original State House 15 McGuire's Irish Pove and Pensea Cola 12. See what I mean I mean Pensea you can't get much further away from us in you know in the state and that and they had a dozen what good spring break I just bring break parties up there Jackson's 11 now and now that kind of call I don't want even go out and go into it Nick Nicholson's farmhouse tell a has you 11 Delphusco's 10 Bernese 10 that's Bernicosa I good close personal buddy we bought the pants is the only button to the other like a child overgrown child and by the way Bernier sucked when you played a Goucher or he's your nine prime 112 nine Christine Lees 9 Hank eats a lot by the way and we'll tell you about it the black orchard seven the butcher shop six the parrot six lots of brisa six went to a little bit surprised that he was such a hard ass about that was Christopher this morning just a little bit he jet he just don't make mistakes the Humphor feed those top house for Gotham City for on race to and they how can you go on national TV and have you know a whole bunch of wrong picks whichever buddy makes wrong picks but how can you do that and say that you don't ever make mistakes Humphor Gotham City for on race three council oak three Gregory's one very more is one and that was a lot of good meat Steve's pizza on this game and 112 is the best says as somebody here second best John the Baker and Pember finds the host on there oh man do I remember back in those days of the godfather's the real godfather and we got that one in the has stays maybe to bring us some stuff they brought food in the station a couple of times and maybe we'll get anything maybe we'll shut out which would be very embarrassed I'm sure that Brad from Tony's if he'd like to bring it always as he always is right good guy good guy and very good food excellent pizza loft is kicking ass so far we're gonna of course that's our crowd we put you up on the map we've made him a lot of money that he turned on us because Berkeley's an idiot ends end the skipy pizza lock 54 he don't need us anymore the sour those 12 little seizures 12 pizza hot 12 oh wow my insiders start eight Frankie's 11 godfather's nine see they we were when the original godfather's were wrong well how how how could you not like that kind of so good do you ever have it yes and I write it's yeah you're great oh man see it's it's a different kind of thing pizza it's not that Chicago Steville we're talking about yesterday like we used to have my pie and pizza we all know they were all over town and they vanished um but in Chicago overestates still number one right but it's it was a different kind of thick pizza but boy it was just so good I mean if you had a whole pie wait about 16 pounds oh and let me say again I went out and did my homework last night just to appease all you Julios out there and Miguel I bought a pint of hot lots of little more than a pint here hog and does dulce de la te la te I happen to see it and I thought well I you know I don't really want it but I'll do some homework some research I don't know I'm not talking about and I'll say it again the flavor is fine the flavor could be ex just sensational and I know that other brands make dulce de la te but hog and does no matter what flavor you buy when you like temperate to the consistency it's supposed to be in a microwave it's like watery it's like water maybe if you have your look at it would you listen to me good ice cream no matter what you do to it is never watery hog and does is watery I rest my case period so the flavor you're right could be really good but don't get to hog and does buy I think even public brand is that makes dulce de la te la te la te I some other brand it probably do it isn't like you know 50% water maybe not 50% maybe more like about 30% 70% hey if you look at an mirror in 70% of your hair is gone or maybe like 90% here's the answer for oh and oh my goodness there was a guy to principal from calabine high school they hit on the news last night on your and brown this was and you know I don't want it you can't make fun of calabine of course but this principal had the worst hairpiece he made most old piece looked like a fashion plate I have never seen anything and I can't even describe it to you it looked like something was sitting on top of his bald head oh see your laugh and that's what guys that's what they'll do the one you want to go one of the muskrats one of those phony things that looks like a belongs on top of a mannequin but Charles Alfieri's been helping people look their best over 30 years but it's natural hairline system it's the best in the business everybody in their brothers trying to peddle your pills and holding your head and all kinds of BS forget about it Charlie's skinlight care system is 100% un-detectable it looks like the real thing like real hair that's grown around on your scalp and you have absolutely nothing to lose because Charlie's work is completely guaranteed the only thing you lose is that ugly bald spot it tried Charlie's system for 30 days after a month if you don't love the way lusson feels and smells if you're not getting an action like all over the place return it for a full refud make the call today and get you a full head great looking hair back 1-800-3212413 tell Charlie you heard about it here on the new rydro showgay special QAM 200 dollar discount off the regular 800 dollar price of that natural hairline system 1-800-3212413 you look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again or check out Charlie on the wicked way but Charles Alfieri dot com In conjunction with General Nurse moving equipment mass graving corporate is now provides roomy on deeper birth pockets rendering obsolete those should stop at its adoptile trench graves each great is her medically sealed for years of denial and well hit from meddling liberals or crying no longer of lie and the press is well compensated to play gate to barbarism so take advantage of this exciting offer now only mass graves mass graves are a wider deeper and fully packed with bodies when the hearts and minds of countries around the world call mass graving corporate it now one a day day that can't happen here it's a year that my son I think they were pretty new back into a terriegan now they're not gonna feel score said no uh uh two to one the panel said no not gonna do it we're not gonna stick that to back into a portary they just want to let her die man they won't be very long and at the wacko that uh Reverend Pat Mahoney I thought he you know he's another another uh reject from the mister ego show oh brother another creation like e-war and the monster anyway we got we're gonna have like 50,000 pizza joints on here which is good you know get your all fat we're all gonna die someday anyway might as well uh but that would a smile on her face right the best pizza in Florida is that pizza law 58 look at that heads and shoulders above the rest of what if they don't need us anymore right that's what berkley said berkley said he hates you like poison which is you would die and I said well guess what berkley that's what we're kind of thinking uh Mario the baker 13 pop a dead 14 look at that uh pop a guns fort and I just changed again top a guns 14 pizza 14 mirror the maker 13 the salvos has got 13 that is amazing uh Frankie's 12 little seahors 12 godfathers 10 oh thank goodness for a hiss we're not talking about Rudolph has so unazi bastards because Zolli's eight steaves in North Miami 7 uh 26 sparoas five oh p pizza time five Mike's four mr. D's four john the baker three john defund baker don't have any cassola's pizza too not to be confused because Zollis don't know this has got two from people with really glacier taste why's guys has got two and Antonio's gonna have any yet hundred ninety four votes already we're gonna have 80 minute votes on his seat as you notice the attendor rest of us we had a huge response right a good response and I quit his big on the state houses because a lot of people their idea of steak is like you know the roadhouse grill how come I think it on your by the way because that's horrible oh now I come on don't say it I mean sorry but you certainly nobody would say it's the best steak house in Florida right couple of people have said Domino's is the best pizza in Florida most people obviously either work there or they're like you know you still work there doing heavy drugs I wouldn't be cludged in eating Domino's pizza dog says please put on the full zeros c r r o s got it zero c r o s the only one I've heard there is a little clown oh I know I've heard a little die look at that isn't look like it says the little clown I thought maybe it was the logo it says a little down south off u s one and south west one uh hundred and what is that what does that say u s one and south west 1367 what no 1306 oh I see dog bad tendencies we are outstanding friggin pizza for it he was writing out standing but then he put friggin and there's some must be really good if you ever down here I won't be great Italian food is well but I know that poll was on Monday thanks to you to best you good so I'm going to look at it writing marino is not done pizza on candle 137th as very good is it yes marino's pizza got it not to be confused to make sure you put marino's pizza actually marino's in Mike's or in the same shopping center Mike's is it on her should be or still's going to get upset again it's on there oh that's right that was built from four lotterdale at better beyond there he's going to come and kick your ass now it says I wonder if that crazy engine kid tapped in the firewater before he went a patchy on his school makes that's bad that is really bad but thank god he had a lot of uh guns you know because that's the murk enough in a way right now everybody is going oh come to the guns it had to be the video games that means a marino man some right join Georgia treasure island he's not he's off this way but he's got to have that money man yeah but I'm sure you might be looking for something else over join George for happy our five to seven of treasure island you're going to be there Miguel will be there bokeh Brian I bet it'll be there tell bokeh Brian by the way uh to quit putting a bunch of filthy stuff on there I could have we can't play yeah it's not bad enough he doesn't get paid for the stuff that we do play from the company but uh you know put wasted our time with that stuff like horrible thing he did like with mow and the grief man that was bad we'll hear that no mow we won't hear that at all I mean I had its moments but we were over the top picking on poor Robert Greaker no seriously I've told Ryan once I've told him yeah I've signed you know cut the crap you won't do it he's just a crap mister anyway enjoy dance specials all my long-term treasure island located at the palm better just over the hundred twenty-second three-necks it's Wednesday so it must be treasure island day but the good news is Tim Russell won't be there George Miguel will be there and bokeh Brian and maybe fat boy to the seashow up sometimes really when would he's looking for a check you must try delvecios I'm ever our cell vacuum number ten for the red wings delvecios lasagna pizza in Weston town center it says oh my god is what it says the EL capital VECH I'll post Vs delvecio got it good Michelle says I would like to nominate a michi friends a and i c i not don't me chief i'm each in purple flakes on the corner of taph and hiatus really corner of taph and hiatus I used to live there but it must be by publics they have absolutely un-pigilable pizza and that's mentioned the best chicken wings especially their carabine wings says michelle amici got it you slow right across the street there in those villas the lakes whatever they're by the tennis court that's a long time ago that goodness win says i know you didn't like it when the bird took you there but i still think my mv that's probably because it's different people now when the use of your little scissors cross from um on uh dixie highway it's now called my me's best pizza you got it got it my me's best pizza so they have great crust and so us i've never counted the salt in a city and it's probably because it's not the little season is no mow little season the dry was pretty good but for some reason little season is that one i went in the air and it was like they took a whole shaker assault and we just uh shankies used to be good too but doubt of business and Florida shankies was very it was different you know we had a whole the crust had it like a whole different texture to it the courageous bread is good though at chakies at little fever oh i don't go to the season so yeah yeah whatever the pizza and i'm not sure the pizza here is as bad as you'll find anywhere it's just it's just horrible in tarara the worst nasty they have a chain called pizza pizza you know little scissors they're part of their ad is always little there's like a little caricature to go pizza pizza that's a little sooner than correct so they ripped that off and i have a chain of flowers chain called pizza pizza and it is just to do wild the peeping from it is just horrible almost as i'm not sure this is our fan asked governor part of making ralf was really chronic says if they were voting on pizza over mr. d's on pv's road they have a problem mr. d's is the best in that area he says i get it all the time and they get better yes right here well if you get it all the time and pv's road is only in temptation now and we have you know mr. laughs so if they mr. expert whatever you want to know p r Ralph he is the expert he's got all the answers just like hankin i love one hank said that website is wrong 50% of the time haha haha did you hear that what what what does that mean what what uh how i don't understand he was just so desperate to make the point he was wild about that this morning was good well not yeah it's your beat here in the next detail on sign that the listen to the show we like you make but it's boring nobody goes to the racist uh uh yeah i just mentioned that in passing nobody cares about chubby checker nobody cares about horse racing uh if we want a big audience again if we're gonna rebuild a station of the greatness that we want to have with the media equity we want to have uh we better start talking about things that somebody cares about like food not about horse racing and about stuff like that i just mentioned that in passing okay i don't want to start sticking my nose and anybody's business because it might smell real bad rani says a more raise in Davy that's some more a member of the martin he couldn't sing a lick a m-o-r-e-poster fias a more raise in Davy is the best around he says i went to pizza loft last week for the first time in a while it sucked the food and the service rani says i'm copying your list every day to try new places thank you put a p-r service no problem rani we're sorry you had about experience with the loft and that'll bring Jeff back to earth a little bit since he's just look at the way he's slaughtering slaughtering the competition here there is no competition pizza loft 59 mario de Baker 16 i wonder if he knows end zoda maker sure listen to Neil Roger we we we we we we we we we we we we we we Magdog 4 to 65 because it's 65 it's you and baseball at FIU with Joseph Gackie in the beach throw a z and And 80 can't to the baseball game Flora is still there. How do you like that? That's gonna just get that on their right away place. Flora's Flora's And that oh my god. Here we are back again to what was that one the other day? Fulios. Remember that? Fulio. That was excellent. That may have been your all-time best. FL ORA. My not enunciating. My not articulating and my not saying. Don't know. How would you spell Flora as in Flora and Fauna? Yeah, I got it. FL ORA A. Apostrophe S. Flora's pizza 79th in Biscayne. So it's still great to know for your It says any. Thank you, Edda. I just wanted to show you a show there. Because if they are Man, it's good stuff for us. Excellent. I feel it. It's good. Well, if it's the same as used to be, which I'm sure it is. They also were sponsored for about five minutes. Now, they were sponsored for years at IOD. Long time used to bring us pizza all the time, Flora's. Now, if you guys got any pizzas yet or what? No. Well, why not? Why is that? I mean, we got steaks yesterday, which is so much harder to cook in transport and by the way, how did it, I guess it came out okay, because the steak doesn't travel well. I don't know. You mean you. Huh? Everything was just fine. No, but you know what I'm saying. Steak is not one of those things that travels well because you've cooked it. And then by the time you put it in the thing and you transported, it just doesn't you. And like pasta, pasta doesn't travel well. Pizza travels great. Worked out just fine. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't get emotional about it. Now, okay, realize it was a big feast. The price was right. It was probably made you day. You probably had a lot of time to sit and kind of plate the life, last night on the throne. But anyway, pizza we are blue in South Miami. It says the best in crust pizza in South Florida. The best pizza ever anywhere, he says at Paisano in Vienna, Austria of all places. How do you like that? The worst ever was in Pizza, Italy. So if you want good pizza, don't go to Pizza because you'll get pieced off. Pizza, Italy. I heard it leans a little bit. You know, it's kind of off-sided. So there you go. We got pizza. We have blue in South Miami. Got it? Good. Let's see after losing two consecutive appeals in the federal court. Terry Shavos, parents vowed that they didn't take their fight to the US Supreme Court. As there's severely brain damaged daughter begin her fifth full day without the feeding tube that has kept her life more than a decade. In a two-to-one ruling early, the epitome of the 11 circuit quote of appeals in the latter said, the parents failed to demonstrate a substantial case on the merits of any of their claims that Terry's feeding tube should be reinserted immediately. There is no denying the absolute tragedy that has been fought before in this is Shavo. The ruling said, we all have our own family, our own loved ones, our own children. However, we're called upon to make a collective objective decision concerning the question of law. In his descent, George Charles R. Wilson said, Shavo's imminent death would end the case before it could be fully considered. In fact, I failed to see any harm in reinserting the feeding tube. He wrote, out of peel was still pending in the 11 certain court of appeals. One of the Shavo's right to do process was violated. And then, of course, if they don't get the way there, or regardless of which way that in the full court, then they'll go to the Supreme. Now, the Supreme Court's already twice refused to hear this. They don't want to undo it. I just wanted to ask that in passing. They've left it to the states. As it should be, not all conservatives are happy with the decision by Congress and President Bush, Winter Vena, and the Terry Shavo case. Somebody to say the yesterday to new law-long, a federal court review of the cases in example, of the big government they've always opposed. Did I just say that yesterday? Yep. Yeah. You know, that left side from Earth, Christ by the way, half of the time it's wrong. What was he talking about? Speaking of pizza, I think he was a little bit cheesalvin. Let's see, vetoes in pop and Owen Curl Springs has Bob and for Lord of the El Vitos. They used to be a really great vetoes right there in North Miami Beach right across from where the unicorn used to be in their both gone. That was a sponsor of Hanks, I believe, and mine vetoes. Remember that? Yeah, you do 160-thirds street in North Miami Beach. Right. In fact, do you write kidney quarter or crispy creme donuts? You know, the original crispy creme there? Yes. And would he have an average right next to what? Well, right around the corner used to be vetoes on the other across the street and unicorn was down the street. Okay. And they're both gone. Chained you hoods for the pool. Here's the fact that I haven't even taken any calls on this yet. Well, we'll have a thousand pizza joints for the pool. Frank owes pizza in North Miami Beach. Frank, the owner has been in Venice for over 20 years. Real Italian pizza. That's so good. It's a sin. It's open 18 hours an end. The pizza's always great. Also tell Josh that mommy velvet has a binaite on Fridays. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, Phil says I figure I live a better time and feel more comfortable. Now let's see try to say. Huh? See try to send you a message like Joey Zanzan. You fair. Come on Phil, cut the crap. We got a match over. Oh, he was a little more match before he ate five states in one day. I kind of like, uh, loosen him up a little bit. In more ways than what I'm sure. Do you say so? Just relax. Okay. Just come in. Look, if you're going to have to take some crap, if you're going to get all this good free food, right? Hey, and the big bucks that go along with it. That's right. Ha ha. Go to me here for. Not all conservatives are happy. They simply say the culture of life or whatever your call it means that we don't have to pay attention to principles of federalism or separation of powers is certainly not a conservative viewpoint. Said the anxious representative former representative Bob Barr of Joja with a little Hitler must ask. She's got Alan Lickman who chairs the history department in American University in Washington said the intervention of Congress in Bush to try to overturn this isn't by shybore. So I've been not to prolong her life as the antithesis of several conservative principles. It conquers a lot of what those behind it say they believe the sanctity of the family, the sacred bond between husband and wife, the ability of all of us to make private decisions without the hand of the government intervening, difference to the states and localities as opposed to the centralized government, Lickman be saying, and he of course happens to be absolutely correct. Gosh, dang it. Okay. Let's get some calls now. Best pizza in Florida. We've only got about 7,500 of Monter and believe you, me, if we don't have some pizzas in there by noon at end, then we'd be feel like they've let us down. Don't you? Very, very difficult. Don't you be depressed and feel like we just you know, small potatoes now? I remember what we used to be a light. WQAM hello. 2 AM going once. Hey, no sorry. Don't be serious about the big controversy with Florida's pieces. What is that? Oh, man, she called one of her African American Patriots. Okay, great. WQAM hello. 2 AM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Can I open a boat? You've got a hot run on it. Okay. Pizza, uh, place, uh, member of the, yes, or the other day you have the restaurant, uh, Mount Arados. Right. Mount Arados. Mother of the place. Please, great next door to that. I'll pizza, Roost and cut. I know, compartment. I've heard that scroll. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Roost and cut. Are you a STICA? Pizza, Roost and cut. Heard scroll. You're proud of that. Okay. Thanks, Charlie. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless lines. Always good to start with some O-john provocatory, you know, I was great to start today that way. WQAM hello. Neil, uh, Frankie and Brad Roed is Miami. Yes. It's very good. And honey. Can I get you to order them? Go ahead. Uh, cookies. That's what they treat the right. Hi, Rico. How are you, spell man? You're a Peter O. A. T. I. I. Yes. I believe. Povery like hovie exactly. Well, I'll be there. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Poe music. Got it. I wonder if they're cute. I like pof folks. All I sure like that red soup and a white soup. But pof folks. And I'm chilins. Oh, boy. Now, they're still in business. Pof folks. I'm sure in the beef shop. There's always a market for a place like pof folks. I'm sure. WQAM. Hello. Hello. I'm not about hearing? What is it? Neil. Speak to me, sir. Speak to me. I don't know. But I got was talking about floors before, but they are out of business. Yeah. Well, when I think it was up that we was just recently, maybe within the last two weeks. Florious out of business. It's called C. O. A. Now, it is. I mean, it just happened within the last two weeks. Oh, no. Because it used to be my favorite joint to a man. I'll be damned. Yeah. But I got one for polo. Yeah. Hot Toby. What is it? It's hot Toby. Hot Toby. H.O.T. S.O.B. E. Hot Toby. So B.E. E. E. S.O.B. OK. Thanks a lot, pal. Hot Toby. You got it. Let's not take Florious off of there until we find out definitely. I don't want to say this guy. You know, maybe full of it, but full of yo, but right, or fully, yo, we don't want to get fully old. Yeah. Because you know, that website is wrong half the time. You know, then? Yeah. So right here. I thought he was going to have a stroke or something this morning. What was wrong with the hump. Yeah. I was held over, you know. I don't care how many times they told us. They're. I heard the story also about her son, I mean in time, but I know it's wrong. That's all. You're it's wrong. I mean it's one thing if you pick the, you know, the winner of a football game and you're wrong and you're like adamant and you guarantee everybody you've been there life on it. That's one thing. But I mean the name of a restaurant, how the name got named, why would we want to be such hard asses about that, huh? Why would we want to do that? Comper, you know what I'm saying? Hey, stuff it. See, now he's taking him personal. 567560, town 560 and he Verizon and singular wireless line. Nobody's going to catch pizza loft that doesn't look like a visit. They're just off in a league of their own and that's thanks to me by the way. Dominic, you weigh M. Hello. No. Yes sir. S. The Zito's a cross from tower shops on university drive by 595. Cross from the tower shops. Yeah. On university drive at 595. S. The Zito's never heard of it. It's a little place. It's not got the it's just kind of a walk in place. It's got good pizza, good New York style pizza. Excellent. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Hey, got a quite two-light. Now I see he had a question, damn it, two-light. I got that quick finger, you know. I wonder if they have they in New York pizza in New York, New York, New York, in Vegas? They check that out in a time ago. I know they've got the breastlers or whatever it is, but the milkshakes. Is that what they got? Yes, I don't know. Yeah. See, you don't even know what they got in there. You like it, but so when you go back to your mail, I want you to like be a little more Pacific. I'm a little more drinking than I am eating when I'm there. Or is that it? Wow. Well, let's see, Lumaanati's in Chicago. And I wonder what it's said in Chicago? On the poll question is, what is the best pizza in Florida? And here comes this guy, who is this guy? Who is this? Tom? Hey, Tom, guess what? Tom and Boca, all that time is played too much golf up there. I'm real happy for you. Tom will see you on the in the loop. I think maybe Tom is a little bit looped in the toughest morning. Yeah, let's see. What's the best pizza in the world? We'll do that one of these days. Not. I'll tell you right now, it's a S-S is an in the place. It's in Rome, Rome. Oh, man, we'll thin crust and munger. 1057 at 560WQM even after all this time after all of our hard work, there's still something you just don't get the message. You're still a little bit crazy about buying a bit over the phone. Don't be crazy at all. Because when you call 1-800-Mactris the number for dial-a-Macris, you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy, so there's absolutely no risk even if you're a conservative. Did you know that 1-800-Mactris has got more repeat customers than anybody else in the industry? So once you've tried, I guarantee I will bet the water not see his life on it. You'll never go back to a showroom or one of those bidding or departments to us again. You'll get no nonsense, no run-around, no showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices the best on the best brands you know and love. When you call 1-800-Mactris or be calling the company, rank number one in the world at customer satisfaction, even in a piece of day love it. They carry silly, certa, Simmons, King Coral, temper-petec, and Stearns and Bananas Foster. And now dial-a-Mactris offers no payments or interest until 2006 to next year for crying out loud. Call dial-a-Mactris toll-free 1-800-Mactris for all the details as I've been telling you I've used them for years as has Moe, George, Miguel, Fatboy, a lot of other QA-ammers. Call 1-800-Mactris right now or log onto their website, mattress.com. For the best sleep you've ever had in your life. If the old mattresses lumpy and bumpy, you feel it when you wake up in a morning. So you get a great night sleep by making one easy call 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. Your things and new ruggers are available at 5-6-6-9-8-M. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped of rets by a fine-known home meat fever. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains, real food for real people. She was touched by the hand of bush. And now through the miracle of political healing, Terry Shival celebrates her new lease on life and she invites you to join the celebration with her new Gideo Shival's Eye. She said, play down like this and do it every day. My life is with forever,tt, oA, oh yeah Hello Terry's Cardio Vastula Retryman. Do you enhance your cognoy's, whatever they hear good? Terry needs her new baby,but it's right there too. Oh, oh look out for the tube. It's 1103 and five six and it's like, I just like playing that. I can't even over it. tube. Or even applicator tube. Maybe rush out of try it. Brackham. It's 1103 and five, 60, WQAM. Went to your story. This one will set you free. OK. Daniel Beach, 10 years of still-top, do the invented little bit charred and discolored, but Diana dies and says this humble skill of gave birth to a miracle. The highly publicized virgin married grilled cheese sandwich. Remember that? Dies are 52, so the sandwich last year for $28,000. Hope to repeat that success with the skillet. She has it listed on the internet auction site eBay where the top thing yesterday was 152.50. But Dives his confidence should get hundreds, even thousands more. I'm not selling it for 150, too. She said, it will go for that. It's going to go high. And guess what, Diana? What do you're talking about? I think maybe you're a little. Dives are a jewelry designer. Hope's goldenpalas.com and online gambling concerned based in Antigua will buy the frying pan. The company bought the virgin married sandwich. And November displayed it at the Casinos locally and in most wages. It goes with the cheese, it really does. She said the pan. Dives are made the sandwich, white bread from publics and landlakes American cheese, 10 years ago for breakfast. After taking a bite from the diagonally cut sandwich, you notice what it looked like a woman with cascading here on the cinch that bread. She concluded it was the virgin married since her look at gambling had improved. I must add the virgin married in my pocket yesterday. It would buy, you know what? Damn it. Okay, so I'll show off it in a loser. After placing the curiosity in the nest of cotton balls and a plastic box and keeping it on a shelf or a decade, she decided to auction off. She drew a national attention, some serious, and spawned a cottage industry or virgin married grilled cheese spid off. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Oh yeah. And now it's the seven inch teeth foul skill of stern vinegar closed on the black pan shortly after three this afternoon, begging your virgin 13 bids had been registered as of last night. To me it's more special than the virgin Mary offense possible. As you said, the skill of that's the what I cooked it in. And if it wasn't for that, there would be no virgin Mary. You know that? No. Without that tea foul skillet, even Ron Polkieler can't match up to that. Here's a fact that says best pizza in candle, pop up pickle lows, pickle low, pickle low, pickle low, pickle low, pickle low, got it pop up pickle lows, PICO L. I remember pickle lows restaurant on my meat years ago, but we don't want to reminisce about restaurants that have been there for a hundred years. But that was really good. Oh boy. New York style pizza in Kings Creek, pop up pickle lows, got it and kindled. Got it. Have you ever seen Ron Jeremy in Sandman, gully in the same room he says in conclusion? Did tea honestly. Yeah. Okay. I'm not gonna read that. I'm not gonna read that for a first stuff there. What's your name? But thank you anyway. Oh, got bad news for all you, hope worshipers out there. For all your people that are big in the guys in old men in a dress, talk about needing a real serious cube. Oh, see they're not telling you this, but here's the real MS as they say in Faranza. The MS, Pope John Paul the second is vomiting, suffering strong headaches, and not responding well to his medications and it's telling you news agency before the yesterday, but the pot of chief doctor dismissed speculation that the Pope will be hospitalized again. The app con news agency, quoting unnamed sources also reported that John Paul, aka dead man in the chair, was suffering from overall weakness as he recovered from surgery to ease a breathing crisis. He's doing a lot of, oh, oh, oh, oh, I can't indicationally. I'm dying on the hands. What about those? No hospitalization of John Paul the tooth is planned the antinoosegents he quoted for the idea saying Dr. Redolfo Prietti. The Vatican confirmed Tuesday that John Paul would not hold his traditional audience today. Although it wasn't known. Now what is today? Or he just says that I went today as something we like today. It's something like Easter. I know we got good Friday on Friday and he's just Sunday on Sunday. Yes. And I'm not working in Friday just because I'm going to be Catholic. If I can work on you, I'm Kipper. I might as well take some religious day off, right? Right? So there you go. He's peeping his guts out, suffering bad, headache, but on the knees and cliche, let's hear it for the Pope. Old, you know, heart and address. It's about that you're traveling with today. Next, the rush is right. I'm going to get there. You know, the White House has been careful. Since his process has started to make it. Yeah, then they're real careful. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, your fat ass governor is at it again. They just will not let this drop. And they want to squeeze air the ounce of political energy that can get out of this thing. They're squeezing it really hard. Here's line nine. They probably want to see if I'm going to take their call. 2 AM. Hi, just want to let you know. The floor has been bought and sold twice in the past 10 years and it's not the thing. Oh, boy. Now it's in there. It's in there now. The name is changed. No, well, I think they did. They, I think they kept the name for a little while, but the peak is not the same. It's been the same as 10 years ago. Well, what is, what is when you come right down to it, right? Well, I know. I know. Okay, thank you. Thanks to the bad news. Okay, bye bye. Okay, take slow as often there, please. Can we do that? And we get in here. Okay. Sorry. Sorry, Mr. And by the way, can you spare some change? The best pizza and Florida is at pizza law. Man, Jeff Cohen and the pizza law are as kickers. Correct. Even though they want nothing new with us anymore. That's what Berkeley said. She said he hates you. He's got a voodoo doll, which is you would die. Oh, we could bloody death. That's what she said. She said, no, I think he's talking about you, Berkeley. Pizza law, 60, success. Caster check, honey. Just catch the check. Top of John's 22, pizza on 21. Mario the Baker, 21. For your father, the salvos night. Now is there another Mario to make or be said to one in sunrise? Because I know they used to be one in North Miami. There's one in sunrise between sunrise, Boulevard and Oakland on the east side. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I do. It's pretty good. There's a lot of people in the, a pie from there. The salvos has got 20. Time with Mario the Baker. Cause Zoli 16. Now what's that all about is, because Zoli's gone downhill or something. What's wrong with his Oles? Cause Zoli's is just five. I mean, I was other than the fact that I got that pensor a lot on there. But what's wrong with his Oles? Cause Zoli's pizza 15, Godfather's 15. I remember a hobby here. I remember that young man. The first came to WNWS down in South Miami on Ludlomerod and Dixie Highway. Introduced me to Godfather's. And when I'm at hobby, I had other things in mind, but unfortunately. Okay. Now what's the deal? Godfather's 15. Frankie's 14. Steve's 13. Little Caesar's 13. Pizza time 11. Mike's 10. Tony's 8. Are you going to pizza there by the way yet? No, no pizza yet. Well, why not? You mean to tell me that you got 75 stakes yesterday and there when we talked about stake houses. But we can't get pizzas in there on this show on this highway that highly listen to show. But I can probably cause I can't. I can't. I can't wait. Why not? No, no, no. I don't think Colin told me he's that would be cheating. Do not do that. Not doing it. Don't take the easy way. You don't have to make her seven. Sparrow's got six. That is, that's disgusting. Um, no, it is. Isn't it? Why? Farrow my house. Farrow's is industrial strength. It's everywhere as faro's. It's like gum McDonald's. No. So that makes it bad. You gotta add it here. No, my ass. You eat pizza as faro's. That's what they have with them all. Yeah. You just have the that orange place to there with the orange Judas and the pizza. Whatever that place used to be, the orange bowl. Yeah, you talk about running to the bowl. Mr. D's five. Domino is five. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah. Zero is four Antonio's four. How's Antonio doing Antonio Antonio on now passion. What's he in a more? My name is best three. Why is guys three pizza? Arustica's got two. That's a good place I hear. I'm all days two. Amitchi two. Marino's pizza's got two. Top of piccolo's one. Hot so be. So be. He's got one. Vito's one. Delvecchio one. Espositos and ponies and franco's. So far got the big. Oh, there's one. Pedro. Or is that? Pedro. He says. Mamma. Mamma. Okay. Once was. Mamma. 157. The street in southwest. Mamma. Mamma. That's what Pedro says. Don't do it again. You. And you. You may as well be sticking. Okay. Here's a foul. Chronic. Cronic. Cronic. Cronic. Cronic. Cronic. Cronic. This is the record holder for most passes to this show. I mean, there's nobody even close. I don't know. I've seen some duplicate. Not a couple days. Nobody even close. Says. Hi. I'm Coleneal. Without trying to be too much of a wise ass. I must say that after visiting all parts of Florida since the 50s. And living here for the last five years. Whatever that means. Well, I would agree that generally speaking, most of the pizza in Florida is pretty pretty lame. Especially after you've had New York pizza in Chicago, pizza in Boston, pizza in real pizza in Italy. It's, uh, what was the, what was the, oh, the brick oven? Is that still a business in Davy there for Hollywood and Hollywood? Would it have they used to make the real thin nevises sponsor 100 years ago? Real thin pizza in the ovens. The brick wood burning brick ovens like in Italy. Brick oven. Like to find out if that's still open or not. Somebody will say, maybe I wish for about lifetime of pizza in New York and on long island. Love the good old sunshine state for the pizza is fat. It says the chronic in cocoa. Well, since she just, I think it's a she, think it's a lady. Okay. I love she's up. We've had the name before I knew the name of the top is, uh, who knows? Well, it's whatever it is. Made up for all the chronicness by saying the pizza is fat. And so generally speaking, I think you're, you're thumb on. Sure, this is a piece of bread. We're seeing the bread. We're seeing the bread. We're seeing the bread. We're looking at the way. I'm five. I'm changing. I can't in and hold it. Are you ready boys? I can't. I can't hear you. I can't in. Oh, who's this enough connection with my right hand? I'm five. He doesn't like women. He only likes men. I'm five. He's seeing your some shows. And that's the your wish. I'm five. And when he walks, he walks with his way. I'm five. I'm five. I'm five. I'm five. I'm five. I'm five. I'm five. I'm five. This is a year, dinner. I'm a TV. It's 11 18 at five. It's the WDQM happy Wednesday. Two years. Don't forget George and Miguel and Volca Brian and a bunch of other winners. We'll be at Treasure Island happy. Our five to seven this afternoon. Hi advent expect boys. Dude. Hit the power line and he'll be out in sure. I'll pass a few more just in case you have spent some time about gettingcream together and getting them together. What do we call them? Take us to New York and inogi he's here, to get in touch with the mother after seeing the TV documentary living with Michael Jackson, the witch Jackson is accuser held hands and Jackson acknowledged letting children sleep in his bed. Palanca was called by the prosecution of support the charge that Jackson inspired to hold the family captive after the documentary on February 6, 2003 in order to get them to make a rebuttal video praising Jackson. On the way to stand, Palanca said that soon after she left the message with the boys grandparents, the mother called her and sat down and sounded frightened. Palanca. She was extremely agitated and she was almost whispering. This was fear-based education she'd be saying. The mother told her not to call back at the same number. The mother said, Palanca, quote, to the mother was saying, don't call me back here. They're listening to everything I say. These people are evil. I said, are the children in school? She said, no, that's when she started crying, Palanca said. She didn't say where the mother was at the time of the call. The comedian said you called her attorney after her because I felt they were being held against their will. How do you like that? Palanca said she met the family at a comedy camp for underprivileged youth run by the last factory, Club and Hollywood, and began helping them financially after the boy was diagnosed with cancer. Palanca said she gave the family 10 grand to cover expenses. It was fairly spontaneous. She said, I just decided on my own to do it. But she said she gave a second gift of 10 grand when the father asked for more money. Palanca said the father told her the family couldn't afford rent because his wife had spent their money on such things as prayer and a lot of statues and candles. Oh, no. But he will spend. In fact, maybe she can get that tea foul skill of before it's too late. Oh, look at this. Any place with the name like this can really be good. South Miami, the big cheese. That sounds like a step away from Chuck E. Cheese. I'm surprised we have an A vote for Chuck E. Cheese. The big cheese. I bet you're not going to get an A pizzas in there today, you know? Well, it's 11.20. I just had this sick feeling and it put a nice stomach that you would have to let you get left. Get a straw out. You didn't call them by. Did you call anywhere yesterday for the stakes? No, no. How did that happen? It was just a toilet. It was a spontaneous extension of love and kindness and decency and compassion and just chiming right in there with the theme of the show. Let's see, here's the facts from Rich Packard. See below for Rich Sanchez's sighting. Also, he says the best pizza Brooklyn boys in West Boca in the same place as the lights. What is this story? CNN seeing new ways to battle Fox News. Why are you sending them in this rich Packard? What is this thing about the rich Sanchez in it? Oh, God. Well, I said that because that's the pizza thing in it. Oh, by the way, for that fact, or call or whatever the hell it was. New York, I mean, pizza down here, they're from New Yorkers. Everybody's from New York, down here. Yes. So how can it be all bad pizza down here? They're on the Yorkers. You understand? The water isn't the same. That's why it's like the bread. There's there's a little great bread in South Florida because of the water. That's you two, Siow was here. You all know the website I checked it on half the time is wrong. But no seriously, that's why they can't make the dough. When you listen to me, they can't make the same kind of dough that they make in New York. That's, of course, New York is known for that great water, which is true from the Hudson River. I don't ask me why, but it's some of the best water in the country is right there. Okay. True. How can you make the dough without good water, man? Right? Water's water. Ah. Please. Well, you would need too much at the water place. That's right. There's beans or rotten your brain at your very flat. In a segment last Wednesday on the program, Paul's on now, Rick Sanchez, former local news anchor, a work for Mr. Cheatwood in my main joint CNN last year, Strap Thou a device known as a shock belt worn around the waist. It can deliver 50,000 volts of electricity to a person's body and then give a simple command do it. Moments later, Mr. Sanchez moaned audibly, crumbled of the floor on still patting after being helped to his feet reported, it hurts, it's painful, but no one's dead to which we say, dammit. Oh yeah, you're wrong. There's somebody dead, the guy you hit in the front of the stadium, he's still dead, Rick. Mr. Sanchez was attempting to show firsthand how a device like this shock belt might have prevented the courthouse rampage in Atlanta and which the judge and two others were killed by the rape suspect. The morning after his program was broadcast, they were euphoric. Mr. Klein, who are Mr. Klein. Who's Mr. Klein? CNN Hancho. Voise. Jonathan Klein, the new president of CNN. The morning after it was broadcast, Mr. Klein was euphoric. I thought it was great. He told several dozen producers that they're just gathered by video conference around the country for The Bregrated Reneine, a assignment meeting. Mr. Sanchez will join Anderson Cooper's A<|id|> News program on CNN early next month as the full-time correspondent. Oh my God. Yes, oh God, and they're right. CNN is becoming more like Fox every day. You don't get any news there trust me when I tell you. The best pizza in Florida pizza law and you notice we're not getting any place from Orlando No place from Tampa no place from Naples no place from anywhere We got Boka there from Rich Pactor and maybe one or two others Now that's it. I mean you expect you get really good pizza in Jacksonville In two egg In Tallahassee all the went expecting a great state seat. I'll be in ever know The great pizza there forget about it pizza lost 71 Papa John's 24. I mean, you know With all the respect. I mean Papa John's is okay, but if that's if that's the second best pizza in a state of Florida And then pizza have 23 the Salvo's 22 Remember the baker 21 Kassola's 19 Kassola's 18 Kassola's 18 Kassola's used to be everywhere aren't they in all the malls anymore? They just kind of fading out because always was I mean you could like it off in the morning I look out your window there be a Kassola's they were everywhere no more And can I about in the candle wall It's you the Kassola's in day land. I don't go to the mall. Why not you're a dead county You are the last 10 people who speaks a little English left in the county ought to be no one needs things. There's gotta be a Kassola's in day land No We'll find out from spare we'll find out from some people who know something we'll get around spread it around a little bit as opposed to just hanging out there on Southwest Ath Street like you do I'm hello yeah, I want to touch a couple of things as far as the death pizza first up. I don't know if you repeat for a lot decently the sobos is terrible bar the baker and the owner of Marla the baker he thinks this stuff don't think he is so good The death place and they're you're not down here If you get a humburdos of Papano man there from Long Island They've only been down here a couple years that pizza is through New York stop if you like me here It's the next the truth place, but pizza hut and Papa John's about that come on. You know, let's get real Yeah, exactly. I just got through saying that man This is starting to sound like that the Franco American and shiftway already all the way It did the general thing like that chronic facts are said Florida is a very B-ref Good great great pizza and sub sandwiches now. I will say you know a landing city subs and being a slaughter food But you know, it's it's good, but just suggest that that's anywhere like the hoogies or grinders Whatever you whatever you want to call them back up door. I mean, it's not in the same leaves man It's not even in Buffalo they had great sub sandwiches I mean, and you're gonna tell me You're not gonna tell me like what's the place for me subs? Yeah, no, you're not you're not gonna tell me that with a straight face. Sorry No, I mean If we have any part like minus of the okay I didn't say it was horrendous I didn't say it was puke inducing I just said to try to compare these so they don't know how to make a sub sandwich in soft food Okay, if you said hold your grinded it look you like that like that They start out here huh? They're not holding each other here. That's exactly my point, okay? I think you need to reinsert your view of your head screw on straight You're listening to Neil Rodgers massively you You're huffers over this performance by the dolphin Well Come Right surrounding your slam And more without a weapon, that'll stick you start taking him, as a hell of a chance. It's a shame to lie. They'll tell you, he loves you, but only because why it's very pleasant to know, he's with that a knife. That's what it's like if you are daring to go. God help you if you're daring to go. And then who do you go on? You're gone just like that. You're fairie. All the women say, Condits are clinton' protg. If you rest down your name, it is little black. But they might pull you from the river on the end of a hook. Here's a jail life. They'll tell you, he loves you, but only because why it's very pleasant to go. Okay, so it was out of biography, gentlemen. You're a kind of a good guess, huh? Not a good guess. Anyway, another one, of course, he was a Democrat, but the same thing. All those finger pointing, goody-two shoes, conservative, whole year than that. I think he killed the bitch. And look at there. Look at this. He's got the Bible and his head. He's screaming and waiting and laughing. My tree shovel. In fact, he might say his Russian or himself and stick that shoe right back in there, whether she wants it or not. Now, here's, I just printed out, even though this website is wrong, about 50% of the time. Godfather's pizza. There's still around. They're all over the country. I think they're headquartered in Omaha, do you believe? Oh, wow. You're a good guess. Omaha's a fine. Don't you ever been Omaha? Yeah, right. Some of the best food in the US, a is in Omaha, Nebraska. Home of the College World Series. That's why I was there like four years in a row. Yeah, good food, but nothing to do, right? Wrong. Omaha's a fine town. Why, why do you say that? Have you ever been there? No. I would just figure. See, on your, on your punchout there, here's a classic example of two guys, or two guys' pizza. Two guys sit around, talking crap, and they know nothing about it. They would be like, my talking about, you know, Schuola's steakhouse. The only thing I know there that they had to make you want to football, then, you know, we learned that they have also a real menu. And that's all I know I know I know nothing about it. It may have, it may have the best damn food in the history of mankind. I don't know. And I'm honest about that. Really? But you're making your admit Omaha happens to be a fine town. And it's fine. I know you're thinking to Bible Belt, Midwest, is in Chicago, in the Midwest? Yeah, but that's like a major city. You're talking about it. I really good mid-west. You're not comparing Omaha to Chicago. No, but I'm just saying it's in, how far do you think Omaha is from most Chicago? About 30 minutes. Not all I've far. Right, but it's kind of like the country, you know? Have you ever been there? I just said no. The food is great. And then the people are, oh, corn fed. You know what I'm saying? Not only is the cattle corn fed, so are the people. I mean, you talk about a hearty bunch of looking fine men and women. Okay, let's get back to this, because you just lost. The classic combo is what Godfather is all about. This pie is pie number to wonder. I like to best the taco pie. Do you ever have, Godfather's taco pie? No. Oh, spicy taco sauce topped with beef, onions, lettuce, tomatoes, cheddar, mozzarella cheese, tomato, you need flavor. You're guaranteed to satisfy your craving. Oh, there's a button I want to press over here. The all-meed pies, piled so high would be pepperoni, sausage, and bacon bits. There's no one for any veggies. A pie loaded with beef, I ain't much of a lie. And cheddar cheese, topped with bacon bits and sliced pickles. Grins and flavor we call bacon. Oh, she's the pickles. Picles on a pizza and they've even heard of that. Grins and flavor we call bacon cheeseburger pie. Have you ever had the bacon cheeseburger pie? Once again, cock and trash, not having any idea. If you're not Godfather's man, you are really going to burn in hell. I'll tell you what. Are you going to meet your maker? Do fair right. I need it without the pickles. A pie of taco. You know what? Close your eyes and eat it. You can't put pickles on a pizza. If you like it hot, try a pie top of pepperoni, beef, and tattered sausage, jalapenos, and onions, and it's the hot stuff pie. Godfather's is so good that it's like a whole separate category. But, yeah, too good for Florida. That's why they got, you know, got to go to the Heskastation. Here's what it says. I have a one for the poll. Jeno is J.A. Y. N.O. Jeno is pizza on North 4401 in Fort Lauderdale. Jeno is never heard of it. Got it, J. No. What does J? No. You know what? Got it. Why do you still have revenge on the pickle? It's so. Recently discovered your mama's pizza. Oh, you mama in the falls and off the 120s. It's a street in a little strip mall. Best I've had in this town. Says this fancier. Your mama's pizza. Got it? Your mama. That's for you. Your mama's pizza. That's what it says in the falls area. This is a little bit too specific to be somebody making it up. And what do we care if it's for real? Not anywhere. Is this like for scientific purposes or something? No. It's to kill four hours for these poor people out there that are stuck in it. And the sewer of the universe where your fat ass governor is going to eat ballistic. And all these people. But I mean, I know what the bad of I will say is a body. These are the same people by the way that love camp. A little punishment. Here's one from Rick that says the best pizza I've ever had is from a hungry house. What? That's what Rick says. How does it? Well, then what is it? Schmirkling about. Hungry house might be spectacular. What do you again? Have you ever had pizza from hungry house? Of course I've had hungry house. You have? Yeah. And you're in so good. It's very greasy like just they don't get on there after they made the pizza. So another zero like it. Well, Rick likes it. So put it on there. Let's see whether you're out of line or whether maybe Rick is just full of it. Maybe he's hungry. Howie? Maybe he needs to have that shit. She needs to have some lunch. Next piece of the deer field beach across the city hall. Thin crushed near our style or a Sicilian style. Sicilian or Focacci style. Whole pies or by the slice. It says I get a huge slice with tomatoes on his garlic to die for. Next piece of deer field beach. Do you bad it? I got good. WDQA. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, I am. I got one in Hollywood. It's called Conquer de Europe. I'm big your pardon. The truck in the era in Hollywood. It's been a business for almost 40 years. Great. What's going on? How you spelling? See you in C.A. D.E. O.R. Mark of the euro. Okay. The order. Sounds great. Where is it again in Hollywood? It's in Hollywood. I'm Hollywood circle. Hollywood circle. What was that another one in Hollywood? I'm 441. You know the one in the arena. No, no. But what were they make the Thin Crush? Is it Rosie's roses? I don't remember. But we're talking about the other day on 441. Yeah. That Italian restaurant has been there for over 40 years. Yeah. That's an excellent Italian restaurant. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. What's the one I'm thinking about where they make the Thin Crush that's highly overrated. I try to one time as it rose Mary's baby. Yeah rose Mary's baby. I think they're. In fact, you can still see the she's. She can not the door. Damn it. Well, I can't wait to see what's going on with Whitney's baby today on a passion since I see the day ahead of everybody else. The look on Eve's face when she angst that baby out. Oh, she's better wrapped up in a blanket. Oh, it's probably got six heads and 48 eyes. It's probably grow. Tensk anyway. Somebody who will rose is that. Maybe that's in Villa Rose. Some put it down yet. But that's the one. Some people actually like that. It was like charred. You know, on the bottom charred. But they do the word that we're in the brick oven. We have any calls about the brick oven. Anybody, uh, a faxes? No. That was pretty good. It was like at least an attempt to try to do like the real Italian thing because in Italy in a rich. Now they do have places where you get to six Sicilian. But the real real piece of it, just about everybody loves the most is the real super thin that they'd bake in the wood burning brick oven. A course in three minutes or a little bit less real super thin. And man, that is just to die for. 19 till noon at 2 a.m. Sure, it seems that real rancher is in the front of the sun. Oh, it's in the end. Well, all right, sports that out. Well, I just stayed up in it all. He's so safe. It was a big mistake. I think I have my cow disease. I explain in your life. Oh, my old rain is gone. It'll be the death of me. Four blind sponge, a former devil, a fateful face. I'm a little bit scared. But I'm a little bit scared. But I'm a little bit scared. But I'm a little bit scared. But I'm a little bit scared. But I'm a little bit scared. What I love never dies. Washington, the weather location of Santa ranch is large of lots of cities. I'm saying to you, don't be trying to take it, you'll be dying to take it, you'll be dying to take it, you'll be... You're not going to believe us, I got seven pages of Godfather's piece of locations in Florida. I don't believe you. How do you like that, huh? I cost to sure once again, the rest of the state, you know, maybe they're lacking in certain areas like mentality, but... Oh my God, how is this possible? Take a puke at this, even in storage and in Tampa. I'm just curious, I don't know, nobody would know this. What? Well, I've just curious if these are all in Florida, the ones that are like 92 stores in Florida. 92 count them. If they're all associated with his gas stations, like we have there, or whether they're like real Godfather's. You know what I'm saying? Like you'd list here, 20, 60, Davey Road and Davey. Now that's gotta be the his gas station. Also, Josh, who thinks he knows something, 41, 50 state roads seven and crawl springs. You following that? Sort of. But even if you're homework, Mr. You got a pizza there yet, by the way? No. Oh boy, that is really sad. I'm lost, of course I'm not there, so they don't really care about you guys. If I was there, we have pizzas piled up the ceiling. Oh, because, see me, like when a visit lake worth 3965 South Congress Avenue in Lake Worth, 5975 US highway, 441 in Lake Worth. In Miami, 188 north west 27th Avenue in Miami is not with June Road. Northwest. That's right at the road. 819, the southwest 40th street, that's bird road in Miami. All right? Yeah. Yeah. 7550 northwest 186 street in Miami. That bird road one, but that is a hesitation. See, that's one more freight up. 8300 West McNam Road in North Lauderdale. 114, no one busking, bulldozer by the north Miami. They must all be his gas station. They're all over the valley Orlando, Oviado, Palm Harbor. In Pembroke Pines, 1, 9600 Pines Boulevard in Pembroke Pines. There's a godfather. I mean, like that. St. Cloud St. Petersburg's steward Tampa, South Dale, Maybury, north Florida Avenue, north Hail, Maybury. Bruce B. Downs Boulevard. West Hillsborough Avenue. Put it all over the place over there. Not sure if they have been there. How come they got even in Val Rico. They got two in Val Rico in Venice in Venice. And then that's yet. They got one. 350 commercial court in Venice. West Palm Beach, 6840, Ocatobi Boulevard. So there's hope. There's hope for the human race as long as there's a godfather. Here's a fact from Dan who says Red Rock pizza in East Boca. Wood slash pull burning stove. Now that's the real thing. See, that's the MS, the authentic. All made fresh sauce, cheese imported from Italy. See, I don't care what anybody says, but you're never going to get a great pizza with sauce from a can. It says the best real Italian style been there bought it. David loved it. Thank you, Dan. I'm going to tell you stuff about it. I got a friend Jerry Anthony de Springs, who's beyond chronic says I would like to suggest Anthony's drive to read and beneath the springs for the best pizza full. It's a fine Italian restaurant that a great homemade pizza. I'm going to have a little sip. One of the problems with the best pizza full is and he's got a good point Jerry does. Most people order their pizzas delivered. The best pizzas are not delivered for a delivered pizza. For Papa John's overdomonos or pizza. Well, of course, for a great pizza, I go to Anthony's drive to read and beneath the spring. Jerry also says the first shaky pizza ever had was in Rochester, New York. I accidentally spent a weekend there in 67. Go back to your anytime soon. You won't like it. He made it then just wait. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and he Verizon in singular robis line. Nobody's going to come close to pizza loft. Somebody QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Going about pizza today. Okay. With all of us. Because Zola's. No, my Zola's on tap and three. Oh, I didn't like like Missola oil. Yeah. We're here talking about it on Monday, is an Italian restaurant. And you didn't have the name right. It's Missola's. I've been there 15 years. Okay. You get it on there. Thanks a lot. You got a Missola because she's on a little quirky about the bank. Huh? I'll look for it. The other. I thought she said Missola. No, that's an oil. It was one of the Italian restaurants. I know that. Here's a family. She said we spelled it wrong. Well, we don't spy if we're on any close Josh. Do we? No, never. Did you see that stupid asshole bitch get arrested for trying to take water in the Terry Shival? Don't these people know that putting water in a mouth would drown her? Yes, she can't swallow it. You idiots? Or it's a symbolic move. Oh, I see. Hahaha. Yeah. We're gonna feed you whether you want it. We're gonna grab your cue. And fill it up. So, maybe they can take her to the has to give us some gas and some godfathers. Kind of as a parting gift for Terry. On the way out. Does anyone who I am? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Good. That's a little house keeping great ovens out of business. And that was great. That was great. And you're right, Bill arose. But believe it or not, that plate is a Greek joy. It's Greek salad. It's got a Greek market there. Yeah. I'm not telling you. I will try to once I hated it. No, I'm not bad. It's not bad. It was a pretty great. Did anybody mention compounds on how it would be, just flicker like it? Come on. They do Chicago style. Now, really? You never heard of it. It's actually the great grandson about the home. On to the job. You didn't know that. It's right on the inner coat of air. Okay. I shouldn't tell it. That'll be crowded now. Anyway. Very, tell. Talk about say to be. Tell Josh. Okay. Learn your pizza, Mr. You're not getting a more stable. Do we get a pizza yet or what? Not a... Well, I guess you better call Brad over there at Tony's. I guess, say nobody loves this anymore in the pizza business. We know somebody that does. And that's because of Berkeley. Just really turn him against me like a warfare. Yeah. Well, you didn't want him at the get. Who's in? Tell me, check her. Or hit me there. Tell me to Q.A.M. Hello. What? I like this. We're getting a fax on our phone line. Hmm. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Neil? Yes. Can't we maybe end call the point in this place just the water imported? I guess I can't say a port from the Hudson River. Loving oven. The love and maybe ever put on virto's honor right away, Josh? Yes. The love and oven. I'll put on a trip or city. One is one of the fanciful great people. Okay. I'll take you away for a thanks a lot, Kelly. Good afternoon. That's a visit. She I loved the weather. Yeah. I mean, when you say that said, then that finger movie. There goes. I put my finger in that shoe. No, no, no real quick. 560, 560, pound 560 in the right and say, and this is kind of a pointless, you know, because after number one it's like way the battle is for a second place, right? I mean, we've made pizza loss so popular that they just, you know, Oh, I see the misbellic from that one. I'm going to start to say my other. Well, I just rate him out when you're pleased because it's getting really pondressed with his, you know, that fruity or thing. That was, that was all I needed. What? What? Not at all. Not at all. It might have to be the, the internet fairy. The internet fairy that types it on there certainly you didn't do it. Actually, right? It was you actually. Who's that? Oh, yeah, I did it. Yeah, you said, you read the facts and you said, mother with two of these. When I said again, full of yours, I even spelled for this child. Full of you became fully yours. He's got a little bit. Well, that's what you're talking about when you're 16 pounds of meat on a year. It has a little a propensity to make your thinking a little, a cab webby, you know what I'm saying? A little cab webby. Not too clearly is what I'm saying. Look, why do we really care? Okay, although she was very insistent and persistent. So we screwed it up on Monday. Let's at least get it right today for them because it may be a very good place or not. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, you would come on earlier about this two guys. He's that there is one on US one and they be rolling. And it's great to have a good cheese on it. I love it. Okay, thanks. They have good cheese on it. Oh, in fact, one of Hollywood, they got good cheese on it. And I rose out Lopez's house. Don't forget it's going to be in 13th and months, one of these days pretty soon, like next month. It'll be time to go to I rose out Lopez, see the Virgin Mary. I'm a toaster on the Totino's pizza and Oliver Flesbreds, thanks. She's everywhere. 560, 560, pound 560 under Verizon and sing it a wireless line. Yeah, fill a rose. You might as well put that on it. It's not too good. That was my opinion. Maybe I was there on an off day, okay? Maybe they just charred the bottom of my pizza because they don't like me. Or maybe it was just the who knows what it was, right? It's like the olive garden. If you want to find it, if it's really great, I go back several times. You know what I mean? Over and over again. It's going to be fine to get a great meal, right? Could it could be fabulous? Just like that place that you were telling me. What was the one they said? There was greasy and crap. Oh, hungry house. Hungry house. I mean, it's okay. It's just like, oh. Yeah, ridiculously greasy. And you didn't even put it on here. This I did. Is there any votes? It's got two votes, Mr. Adi, like that. It's got two votes. That two greasers. Now in your spare time this afternoon or tonight, I want you to drive it around Carl Springs and find us a godfather. I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, I have really, really so great, I really, really. I have really, I really, really, I have really, really, I really appreciate that accepted me. Yes, you have four, four, four, four, and eight for the strike. Yes, you have four, four, four, four. And people won't find they always stop and buy some rice and go to ground ground ground. We can hide cholesterol, we don't worry, no, we suck them down down down. I'm dying out of here, because we were four, four, four, and eight for the strike. You're correct. Because we were four, four, four, four, four, four, four. Okay, bandages is great in press pizza at Times Square Pizza. So these kind of U.S. went an Oakland Park Boulevard the best. Well, thanks, Bandah. Where's that one? It says, what's I fan to to me? Bandah. Okay, Bandah. Times Square Pizza, got it? Good. A Senator pushing a bill to keep Terry Shavowall. I've said today, he'd be the Senate's last attempt at the brain damage women's feeding Q, but re-inserted. I think like that. Senator Daniel Webster, I love his dictionary. What's scrambling to secure votes to pass the bill out with prohibit patients like Shavowall from being starved to death, and they didn't express their wish to die in writing. Whatever it is, today is it. He said. Webster needs at least two senators to change their position on his bill, which could be debated when a Senate begins their Wednesday session at 1pm, unless in an hour from now. I don't know, even if I have a majority vote said Webster, they're public in from winter garden. I bet you think I'd got fathers in winter garden. What do you think? Do you see those kids? I see those ones? They just see those kids right now. I see an end. Sitting arrested. On the moth of a scene, a moth in global news, I couldn't stand any more of it. Okay, I'll turn on now. Of appeal to the Supreme Court before it's on a clock. I see Joe John standing in front of the US Supreme Court building. Yeah, that's what I see now too. Oh. Anyway, now you see you're just trying to throw me off the trail here. I was looking up winter garden. Let's see. Look at that winter garden 137.07 West colonial drive in winter garden Florida. There is a godfather. There's one in winter park and there's even one in winter springs. Honey, like that. Right, right. We're going to have to get around the state. I'm going to have to come back and do a godfather state hop and tours. What I'm going to do. Love godfather. Anyway, if the Senate passes the bill, we have to take a second vote. We're going to turn to the president's approval immediately. We send to the state house. Otherwise, now it's going to have to wait until tomorrow to consider the measure. And if we wait till tomorrow, my god, we got to get that. You're making a Terry's thing, you know. God. Go away. No. No. No. You're right. But how about some lunch for Terry? Or are you for you guys? You call up yet? No. But why not? You're going to sit there and wait for pizza to show up. I'm telling you right now it's not going to happen. If it hasn't happened by now, it ain't coming. Well, I can't wait. I mean, I eat how eat when I got here this morning. Oh, I didn't tell me that. Well, you know. Hungry, how is? No. Just how is. Oh, I see. Maybe how is it come by because you ripped them in an air. So bad. No, sure. Hey, it's not so greasy after all. I'm going to be done just smear some in your face. Yeah, maybe it's not. Prove me wrong. Yeah, prove it more. Bring us them up pies by. I can't. Nothing. That's all right. When George is here on Friday, and I'm off on that. Then you get food all over the place. Because you're going to know you. It's coming. It's ribs and just tons of stuff. I just, I don't have to touch anymore, you know. I tried. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. How are you? Pretty good. I've caught them up the feet. So you're probably going to have a weekly long. Next time. The hard rock is seen out. Oh, yeah. I swear, somebody off the half of the deep in their calm back. You know, they have to feed the place right there in the casino. The peanut. Yeah. I don't know what the price. But so I think rock casino we should put down this. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's got excellent pieces. I'm out of for a couple of. I'll take you word for it. I don't believe it. But I'll take you word for it. And I'm glad he called right now because it's a tremendous segue. He must be psychic or maybe he just needs a good physical after eating that place. The seminal tribe. This is the ultimate. This is the epitome of hypocrisy. This is the most incredible. I talked about with a hundred this morning when he was telling me that probably it's at least 50%. 50% wrong because it's off the internet. Remember that? Yeah. Why is he so stubborn about that? Roots, Christen. Why is that? What is the big deal with that? I mean, who really cares when he came right down? He's just adamant because that's the story he heard. I don't care if it's the story he heard. Concompted if he dreamed it if he like had a hallucination. If the Virgin Mary whispered it in his ear while he was eating lunch and rose a low-pizziness house. I don't care. But he is just whipped up into her frenzy about it. Guess what? How for? He just passed it by the panel. They said I was wrong which I admitted. And he goes wrong. The seminal tribe is still Governor Jim. Boce wants to negotiate an agreement to have full-fledged financial slot machines. You will lie, you phones, you best out of gross you. That is just absolutely unhonscionable is what it is. I mean, we know it was coming, but just to read this in print off the channel 10 website. It just makes me want a gag. I think we need a gag order. In fact, maybe that's any who needs this. Yeah, the seminal is good use it. I don't want to tell you where that could. Instead of a piece pipe. How about a good hero? Yeah, that would be good. What do you think? No, it would work. Maybe learn them that. Applicator tube that Russia is to use. The seminal tribe told our fat ass governor once in negotiate an agreement to have full-fledged traditional slot machines. These are the same people that spent almost six million dollars behind the guys of some Phoney group, no casinos in. You know, they don't want to know who the money was coming from. Back in November to lie and make everybody psychotic and hysterical. The world is going to come to an end as we know it. There's going to be crime. A soft floor is going to turn into a toilet. That too. Good old chief funder thought over there at the Asceminals. The tribe argues that it's in total of slots because voters stay wide and in Broward County have approved slot machines of four Broward trash in the Highlight Front Hans. You think we're going to serve on the servant Chinese at the front Hans? Oh yeah. Yeah, let's have some one time at the. The seminal tribe has electronic bingo machines and it's because he knows in coconut Creek, Hollywood, Fort Pierce, Brighton, Emokali and Tampa. Oh my God. There's lots. Make believe electronic bingo machines. Fony slot machines. The Micah Sukhi tribe, which has some of our casino wasted Miami, asked Bush that we getting to go chase me just a few days after voters they went from the ballot measure in November. With lost biggest types slots, the gambler plays against the house. With bingo type machines, the players at each machine play against each other. Adam and sales is one of our two good sales people. God, I'm a good guy. I mean we got trust, rat, or an atom. The rest of them, I wouldn't give you a nickel for the whole bunch of them put together. I mean, even anybody out is there a good guy, good guy? Huh? No. Right? Am I even anybody out? I don't know. If you have to think about it that long, the obvious answer is no. So anyway, Adam and sales were this more we're discussing. He was at the seminal last night. I was asking him how it is that thing. I still can't. And I'm not going to go there. I don't want to see it. I don't understand how you play bingo first. Like, try to bingo. If you have to do that between every play on the slot machine, I mean, it must take you like seven hours to like five. I guess you can't lose as much that way because you have to patch gear on to play bingo first before it can spin the freaking wheels. And I guess the wheels don't even spin anyway. Do they? I don't know. What the hell do you know? You got it. First of all, you don't play slot machines and number two needs to win or win anyway. Have you ever been there to the harbourack? Right. Of course. Well, what would you go there for if you're not going to play the slots? They don't have anything else. They got video poker and they got that. Or you'll walk right on through the casino and you're out in the paradise section and get a bunch of bars and good times. Oh, I see. It goes there to get a slice. What he goes there for. That's okay. He's young and full. He's eating 16 pounds of meat. Well, I mean, I don't play slot machines and the only other thing you can play is poker, which I'm not into. And even if I was you'd have to. You're not into poker. And then you hear Adam this morning. All the young guys are playing poker because they see celebrity poker on TV. And they're playing monkey scene monkey do so all the young guys out there playing poker. That's a thing to do. We're going to go out there. Very proud of them. But even if I wanted to play, you got to wait like my powers to get on. Yeah, you can't get near those tables. Can't get near them. So anyway, the seminals want slots for themselves. We want it. We want it. It's bad. It's evil. South Florida's a family style. This is a pile of crap. You don't want to remind me of what? In Vegas. Remember a few years ago they decided, well, we want more of a family in my jail. It's going to bring a lot more tourism. And we want people with kids and boy, they dropped that like a hot potato. Because people who can't go out there to carousel and booze it up and plunge their guts out. They're not interested in having a bunch of punky little kids running around. They're not interested in sanitizing the image. They want to be a little on the ronsy side if you've part my expression, right? Right. There you go. Who do I want to go? If you want to go to that go to Disney the world. Go to Disneyland. Or just go to hell. You know, get out of our face with that crap. All these good. I'm tired of any two shoes, man. Let's just have a face called pervert land for all of us. And not all the other goody two shoes people just go and hang out wherever they want to hang it out. Like Gary Condwood. Well, they're busy killing them. Jewish frauds. Lisa says, I'm a loyal female. Mr. listing online at work. Thanks Lisa. I would like you to please that Capone's Flickr Light in Hollywood. It's right on the intercostal. So you can have a nice view and I have great pizza. Thanks Lisa. Capone's Flickr Light. You got it? Sure. What does that mean? Sure. What does that mean? What does that mean? I don't really do. Do you think Lisa made it up? No, not at all. Then why do you say that? How do you know, have you ever been there? No. Same thing. First you knocked on the hall. Now he's knocking Capone's Flickr. I don't believe it comes in. I'll give you a watch for it, you know. And you probably hope so too. Pizza lost got any two of man. Nobody even close. Girl Jeff, you know. We had some good times with him, but that's in the past. He's history. And the fact that he didn't bring your food today. What does that tell you? Does that tell you all you need to know? He doesn't. He doesn't. What? You know, listening to you. Somebody would have, well, 95% of his clientele in there is our people, okay? Somebody would have gone in there and say, hey Jeff, need those who want to show on Pizza Day, you better get to know him and make a mens with him. At least bring him some food, right? Did he do it? No. Pizza Loft 82, Mary or the Baker 34. Well, it's Papa John's 27. And Kassola is 26. Pizza Hut 26. Pizza Hut is the best pizza in Florida. Oh my God. Go out of the call that they permit an vegetative state. I mean, they make their pizzas in a conveyor belt, okay? Just like Burger King makes their rubber burgers in a conveyor belt. Pizza Hut makes their pizzas on a conveyor belt. Am I right? You're right. Yes. Oh, what a thought. Even a Pope is teukin from the Surgeist, teukin in general. The Salvo's 25, because only 22, steaks in Orthodox Mimeys, 19. Salad. Dr. Lee, uh, Brock Salad. Frankie's 19, Pizza Time 19. Godfather's 17. Now we're talking, baby. The Godfather. Little Caesar's 16 and Tonyos 12. Good old Antonio. Mike's 11. Sparrows has got 11 and Tony's 10. Everybody else single-living is, I'm telling you how to call up Tony right now. That would be bad. Huh? We can rape about how good his stuff is. It really is. We're talking about how good he is. Huh? To do that without calling. What do you mean by that? It's so pretty. Call him up and have him bring in some food. So you can just sit there and rape about it in jewel and buy y'all. No? Okay, I'll do that at the break. I mean, in fact, that I have to like twist your arm. That goes to show you how you picked out yesterday. That was a disgusting performance. I don't think even I could have matched that. I thought it was a great one. You wouldn't match. Yeah. No, I could not. Eating two full steaks and in almost fry and a put-long sub. Oh my god. I'm sitting in the eel, Roger. Come on, Mike. I'm sitting in the eel. Mike. I'm sitting in the eel. Wow. This Paul Harvey. Stand by for you. On Colond and Lane. Jacksonville, Florida. Chuck Buick. Finally, gave up. Chuck enjoys marijuana. So he decided to accept Paul Harvey's suggestion. He gave up. He went to the thorny called me. He ordered a bang. There. Bong. That's a pipe used to smoke marijuana. I want you to hear this carefully because you're thinking about a Valentine's Day present. For somebody who loved very much. Coach, my mayor don't want a bang arrived Saturday and after I opened the box, I was in shock. My eyes were locked open wide. My whole house was now a concert hall. I went to the washroom and even from there it sounded like a real live lady singing right outside the door. Coach, with heat eating your ears, you're gouging out and tearing loose and pulling apart, melting air and tasting black. Your windpipe is closing and you've lost track of which way is out. There's a searing Emperor down your neck. You've got a search rescue ventilate. Somebody's sends to kittens. I'm listening to all of my old CDs again because I have never really heard them before. Now, for that Valentine's Day gift, it's not too early for you to choose a bomb. If you're anything that happy with it, I'll buy it back. To locate your nearest dealer, tell him on 100. Probably 10 at 5.6. WQA-M. You know that it's speaking in Jacksonville. Eight, seven, a godfather is in Jacksonville. Even in Braidenton, which is like mudwump bill, Braidin is a size of the beast's foot. There are three godfather. In fact, you said you live in Brandon? I did. Nine-fifteen Providence Road in Brandon. There's a godfather's Castle Berry, which is up in the Orlando where they used to have the track up there with it. And you have seven old rounds used to be a harness track up there with horse flies, the size of bowling balls. Castle Berry, they got two of them. I mean, it's just, there's something rotten and soundful to something really smells very bad. Well, I got something that's not rotten. What's that? You know, Frankie's pizza that's got 20 votes on the pole? Right. They're finna bring us a pizza. All right, I didn't have to call them. They called here. How you like that? We like it. We go out and baby. Back in the day, of course, we had like 45 pies out to the ceiling. Of course, back in I would be, we had floors right up the street. We had top of Johns up the street. A whole different, whole different ballgame. Cause always we had some cause always. Still haven't heard anymore about cause always. I guess, you know, that's from the past. I guess it's kind of pass a 560, pound five 60 and leave a rising. And the worst part of this thing with the seminal is that hard rock cafe as you know, like you said with the poker, you can't get near there. Adam was sending a favella park after way 30 minutes, about a half an hour. I've heard a man. Get your card. That's how I just jamming in there. No, I know friends that go and they have to go hours before just to put their name in. And, you know, like, they'll go do whatever. Come back. You legitimately got to wait like three or four hours to do one. Just to get on a table. And what about the slot machines? Oh, I don't know. Well, that's right. I forgot you and care about that. That's for little girls. There's a way for slots. No, there's a lot of slots. I'm sure they're open, you know. Not we'll fortune. Well, they ain't got that. And they say do. They do. Thunder Hillbores man. I've seen their billboards when I was there. The big billboard wheel of torture. They got it. See, I'm going to tell you. I heard my story this morning about my day would buy me a suit. That's who it is. I should just a little bit. I don't want to make you lose all your money. Would you will? Look, because it happened to you. It can happen to me. Well, and would it require any skill on my part? Well, slot machines don't require any skill. Exactly. It's the luck of the draw man. Lucky timing. I walked in there. There's one wheel of fortune machine open, which is the one that usually kills me. And I have a love hate relationship with that machine. I love it. It hates me. It has been months since I ever had did any good in that machine. And about a big man. Not one, but two nice jackpot. That's not like a pretty decent day. Three and a half hours. Very nice. Not bad. Look, I mean, if you want to, you know, just keep going or getting drunk. That's okay, too. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Yes, sir. A poppy's pizza in Latter Hill and sunrise is not on there. I don't know if you would use to live down there. I think, thank you. If you ever went down there. I heard that. I pop these. Pop these. There's a bottle of New York, I believe actually. I just want to update New York. I just want to update New York. What do you think? What do you think? I think it's a P.L.P.P.Y.F. Okay. A new one question for you. When they talk about aging beef, you know, when these real beef steakhouses, what is actually doing? What is the aging process like? You don't want to know. Believe me. Is it like bacteria stuff like that? You don't want to know. You want to see it. You want to smell it. You want to be in those meat hangers. Believe you mean. Okay. Only Joe Pesci knows what a second said in that joint. Every time you question for him. What is it about New York pizza? They had a TV food network thing about best pizzas. And the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the New York pizza. They were talking about the dough and water they used to make the dough. And the water they used to make the dough. See? See? I know my craftman, it's the water. All right. Thanks. Love you. It's a water. It ought to be it. But that's the water. You said it. Oh, you know, there's another place where they make the Cossera's pizza. I'm an animal through civil business. They make the Cossera pizza. That place. It's in North Miami, Beach, Abelie. It's right there. Well, by the definition, causeway. 120 will it be. See? When you go away, when you're out of touch with reality, you're out of touch. Too bad. You know, Sarah's pizza. They may coat. Man, we can take it off if they're not there anymore. But that's really good stuff. Very, very, very good. And it doesn't make it like, you know, run to the throne every five minutes. That's a good thing. WKOM. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, you did get Godfather's pizza. Some of the head's gas stations. I've had stop in there a lot. You think they have a bag where I come from is right? They be good. They're good. And for good New York stuff, be to go down to old color road and call Uncle Franks. Uncle Franks. They have a pasta salad and pizza. Okay. Good day, man. YouTube, Kelly. Uncle Franks, you got it. They got anti pasta and anti-Christ. So you got Frankie's coming in. Let's hear it. You didn't even have to call us. You know, cause I mean, they would be bad. Have to call. I mean, we love that the bread over there. And they're very good to us at Tony's up on 441. 190. Third, whatever it is. But, you know, little Friday would be there. Maybe Frankie's going to turn out to be sensation. I want to be bringing it about 15, 20 pies for Joshua. You get me, you know. No, I just, I get one. I just ordered a large pepperoni. Yeah. So I'll be going to about a pizza. You're fair. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, and see anybody goes in gets drunk at the hard rock. What do you mean? There's a whole like outside of the market. The hard rock is up. It's similar to paradise. It's paradise. It's paradise. There's paradise. There's paradise. There's paradise. There's paradise. Insiders that are still prohibited by stick. So you got better. Can't worry about that right now. He's too busy. He tried to keep tearing alive. In fact, maybe the governor personally will reinsert that shoe before the day is out. Cause he's so whipped up into our friends. You're a fan of scum. No, he might get arrested if he goes there. Yeah, that's true. Hopefully. Hopefully. Wouldn't that be great. We have a party. We have pizzas for everybody. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60, on a Verizon singular route of the line. I wonder if there's pizza and it'll rose a little bit. It was a little bit of a business. And I wasn't. Where was the deal of her house? I've been so many years. I forgot. Was it on a pizza? Did the Virgin Mary shit? It was a tortilla or something. Was the macula tortilla? Some crap like that. WCYN. Hello. Yeah. I just couldn't really need to. We name it the veggie pizza. Be a shadow, especially. Okay. Okay. Oh. Maybe you should be the state vegetable. What do you say? We got the state flag. Say who? There is shadow. She could be the state vegetable. I think he's still not material from days ago. See, one thing about me when you get to be old and soon I like me. You don't remember your own. If I maybe Paulic can start using some more of it. Huh? He could use it, believe me. Speaking of vegetables. WCYN. Hello. Yeah. I want for the Paul. Two day guys. We are okay. WCYN. Hello. Two am. Yes. New. Speaking. Oh. New. How about Anthony's coal fired pizza on US-1 and Fort Lauderdale? Now that's the name of this? Yes. Anthony's coal fired pizza. They cook them in those brick ovens. Oh, that's the best man. They're great. I actually have had pizza law. And I prefer the different kinds of pizza because they're baking it. But I prefer that kind of pizza over anybody else who's really good. Okay. I'm waiting lines. They have waiting lines like every day of the week and on Saturdays. You can't even get in the place. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right. Take care. Let me ask you, did we do the first break? Because I crossed it out, but I remember doing it. Yeah, you did it. Are you sure? I did Anthony Caliando and that break or not. Yeah, it's good. Yes, no. You're crazy. I did not do that. I did that last two hours ago. You're a dream in man. You just, I don't think you're like, I think you're the blood sugar levels. I just two out of, okay, whatever you say. Well, 12.27 and five. Computer there. I'm bigger, pardon? He could tell by looking at the computer. And what does the computer say? I definitely played this boss. And I did the last five. I'm going to go with yes. No. You've done a life-bought before every break. So yes. You are out of your mind. You're insane. Between the two. Every. Come on. But you remember doing that when I was in Caliando? Yes, absolutely. I'm not saying the word. Okay. So good guy. We've won this business badly. Hey, IRS tax problems. That way of rooting all the aspects of your life. They take control of you financially. Physically and emotionally. You can never read you forget about your IRS problems. They come back every morning when you wake up. CPHME buckload of the buckload tax. Normal help and you IRS problems forever. And give you back peace of mind. I'll let me take the Anthony Kelly and the, that's five good. The end of this break. We'll do a long break. Because I didn't do it. That's why other top CPHME law firms are for their clients to the buck wall tax firm. When they have problems with the IRS line out of blood potential criminal prosecution. Get all on file tax returns prepared. Even if you lost all your records. Now maybe you have an IRS lean, a wage, levied, old payroll tax and penalties. Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than the only time to pay whatever your deal. The buck wall tax firm will help you out. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment. And best of all, forget about those pin and the S meetings with the IRS because the buck wall handles all meetings and discussions. You even have to go. Call them today with the O10 grand, a minute or anything in between IRS taxes. The buck wall tax firm will get that monkey off your back. Call 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800. 9-5 and what's Mrs. Wallace gonna do if purchase is really leaving. 9-5-4-5-7-5-2000 today for your no obligation consultation or visit them on thewebetteirisfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking down that front door. 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800 and get that orangutan off your back. 5-5-6-7-5-2800 and get that orangutan off your back. 5-6-7-5-800. To God, then you were thrilled. I would have just slotted by and pretended I did a sphopadel of your wrong. I did it last hour because she keeps logging them back to back hours. You know the water rancy, you don't make mistakes. Didn't do it to start. Okay. I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Kelly. The main man of acceptance capital mortgage so before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know. Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products? Oh my God. And if you're credit-less and absolutely perfect, you're ready. The most famous tool that it worked in an English language. No! That's the one. If you're not working with the right lender, the chances are getting approved are only 50. So be yourself a big favor called right now, one, Triple 8 for A3 loan. That's one Triple 8 for A3 loan. Let the main man Anthony Kelly and Ernestine Putulino mortgage that meets all you needs. Avoid going to the wrong lender. Maybe being turned on because you called the wrong number. Call the main man that acceptance capital mortgage tool for A1, A8, A8, A4, A3 loan. That's one Triple 8 for A3 loan. Every time they close alone, by the way, a person is donated to kids and distress. So I call anybody else of audio, bait and switch. Get the, the, the, the, you're looking for by calling Anthony. Kelly and though everybody's main man, one Triple 8 for A3 loan. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. The temperature is zero. Your fair decisions are before each single. They teach us, that's good. These are images. I don't know how you are doing, but all children, I'm so cold I can't live see Let's become a little baby And I cannot feel my toes There's a killing in my fingers And my pride with parts of me Oh my nose, these are got to fall There's a cloud every time that I go In my hands of them, they are turning home They're my family, you're dead, you're my sons, you're fairer Let's become a little baby Oh, I can barely move my mouth Oh my nose, I'm a red hot black in love Oh, but first I need to be told about Yes, I'm a little baby That's the girl's evil Can you believe that? I'll say it for the while, we're going to the other one we can actually play And listen to that during a break just to make sure And then incredible And incredible So how many bits have we got now that we can play from the whole DCS? About a church in Miguel and Volca Brian, a church where I live five to seven Santa New and stuff like a wind some heavy duty prizes man You all believe the crap we're giving away and enjoy dance crystals all night long And get drunk with a job, she'll be there Not, trash right on the pasta palm better just go through the hundred and twenty-second three days Now why wouldn't you go there to get drunk? Your buddies, huh? It's far from me Just after a comment, oh you only live in cruel sprains It can be more than like forty-five minutes away It's a big deal with that, plus when you get home at three in a morning I mean it won't be any traffic Think about it, select them over there I mean I'm tearing him and subsidizing those Indians But what? What are you laughing about? I don't know what's funny about that I mean these people lied they they I mean just terrified the public out there They did everything in their power to put a negative spin on that whole thing And then they wanted that was in that You know what that would be like that would be like if I said here and I preached for days and hours And shows on and about the eagles of meat and house going to clog your arteries And it's going to kill you and about the poor baby cows And then then I open up a steak house Did you see any difference? Not really? Trying to exploit all of this stuff that they were trying to be so evil and horrible And the world was going to come to it because their hazer is man They wanted all for themselves They don't want just most of it They want all of it They want all your money White man God WDQAM hello WDQAM WDQAM Yes sir Yes sir I heard you guys got a few full-pulse from friends The same that you guys were talking about me this morning Right And I just was wondering what stuff the second had And the information or answer any questions for you So how was you like your feed plug is in it? No actually as it doesn't matter And if they just been hit for 30, obviously I'd love a feed plug Well I would be okay when we got you got six votes on it We're doing a poll on what's got the best piece in the state of Florida And you got six votes somebody called it in And you know you don't give yourself a little plug if you like I'd love that Go ahead Thanks you hey my name is Mario from Mr. D. Spita That's what you just said Mario right And I'm mine here now Yeah Oh cool Yeah I picked up cold but you know how would you know that right? Exactly I turned off the radio because I don't want any feedback Exactly I've been in the place 24 years of place has been there 35 years It seems to be doing okay I want to take my customers for enjoying my pizza Well we got a little bit of thing Where is your home guy? I'll give you a little plug here man I'm Peter's road and it's considered for a lot of help This was still on a corporate of power But we're right across you from plantation One old Peter's road just less to 441 Just real close to 441 on the old section of Peter's road Right So they're considering the annexing us and the E the plantation are saving you soon Those are the two toss-ups we'd like to go Don't do it baby one you'll be double parking their horses right outside your placement You know what that's said coming through on the middle Yeah, we can go and leave that in Davy where belongs Yeah, so thank you guys and thank you my customers for the plug So I appreciate it. I try to do the same thing for you guys for the 20 years All right, good job, Mario. Thanks a lot Bye bye Tell you like that, huh? Mario from what's in there with the joy Mr. D. Mr. D. Well, how to how the wine is going to show this 85,000 names on here I'm paying too much attention given Now you guys sound like a good guy is doing a good job Mr. D. At least it wasn't Mr. Z anyway Thank you, Lord. I feel like we just did about a 10 minute break And now we're doing another one. What the hell is wrong with me See that was me. I mean, I was so whipped up into a friend You went ahead that Frankie's was bringing in pizza I got so carried away that I just skipped ran the, you know, rest of the break there Top there and you weren't paying any attention because you were also whipped up Even though you're denying it. Oh, I know that's steak yesterday And I had how he's just you know you are going to become gigantic you're going to become big No, no, no, just look around you man This is the fastest radio station ever worked at The beast used to be just like him Yeah, that's right. It's three weeks through. Three weeks through The beast looked like you looked like, you know, yesterday And they started working on Hank show and Oh, God, just blowing up like somebody stuck a tube And bicycle pump Up in the spectrum. Yeah, oh my God, the poor beast Now fat boy, that's another story when we were at IOD he was a big cow And he's still and yeah, don't believe those stories about taking three dozen donuts home He ate him before I got home Remember the scene in fat so when he ate all the Chinese food in the car So you didn't see fat so either when he's he fat so I have not I saw and you haven't Josh, no, I said I had just said I have not Miguel, I had to call you by name Miguel I like the movie You didn't like that so That's for fat people Now that's true. That is true And let me say right now about something for fat people and skinny people and any people Would have brain and that's dry concepts for these people have been going strong for almost 30 years Not 30 minutes in South Florida. How much of this is in corporate cleaning Join so they come and go under in that period of time. Dry concepts is around because they Be the best. I've used him in my home for over 20 years. I keep telling that because it Happens to be true because I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else even though I had my two dogs And my carpets were like touch and go all the time. Mostly go. The answer was that dry concepts come in. They dry clean your carpets no matter how hopeless they may look right now They leave them looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new. They smell them and he fresh. They grind an hour and a half to two hours And believe you me really can clean today entertain tonight what he called dry concepts. Now most corporate Fanny companies are notorious for giving you like 595 room scans and then really ripping you off and stock it And it's not a dry concept to give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a job whatever it is for you Whether it's your carpeting your furniture your draper your area or expensive or your arms or maybe even all the things So give me a call you'll never be disappointed when you're called dry concepts and date route in the palm beaches It's a tool for you call 1 800 2 4 8 5071 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5071 around the wicked way It's dry concepts.com that's dry concepts making carpet clean in South Florida since 1979 You're listening to real Roger. You're listening to a I've been as play those with three Once you manage to balance yourself on heels then you'll look like a purple lady And we're going to get the tall do you have to say Oh Tough way the fight Now what's the meaning of this can't you see I'm not busy. It's vodka He said a word and I don't know what to do I just don't know what what what words he said Toucher What does that mean? I don't know All right, all right, you can't Now I'll call Joyce and get to the bottom of all of them. Oh, well, duh. Yes, but you have a quarter for one It's a pay cell phone sure here Hello, joy, and I look we have a word that Boca said we don't know what it means It's time Okay, what did she say well she doesn't know either But we'll stall pain and invoke his invoice and other two lines just for good measure Oh, that's a relief. Now get up on my desk and pretend you're a chicken again Oh, I love that It's 1248 12 to one we got more Howard David and it's coming along it to two Man dog from 4 to 6 55 because at 5 till 7 we got U.M. F.I.U baseball with the Uncle's Joseph and the beast and then 10 o'clock right after baseball we got to any K. Here's a fact that says from Don Jerry's pizza in Boca but he says in very accurately a most Florida pizza blows I mean if Florida had like great pizza take a look number three And no, what do we got Papa John's number four which of course is a chain right pizza is right on its is tied They both have 30 minutes 30 a piece Let's see the cell bones also a chain although not missing Godfather's also a different kind of chain because always 23 is a chain right little season The chain sparrows sparrows as 12 this is I just can't deal what can't look with that why 12 to many for you Domino's has seven well these sparrows has more than domino's that's good why because sparrows is like industrial strength It's like rating pizza at 7 11. Remember when McDonald's you stay a pizza? No no well, there you go You see what do you know about anything you see the McDonald's are Burger King and I'm pretty one of the other pressure was Mickey doing I'm telling you man, this is a long time ago. It's got to be longer because I was living in Kendall so somebody years ago And they used to have P.C. go through the drive to and would take like an extra three four minutes and they'd heat it up and one in little ply You know cardboard things and it was they cleaned it with pizza and it was cockle Huh do you think Kendall sure where 107 and Kendall and I lived right up and down the street I lived in four quarters habitat I was upon time I lived in horizons and then I lived down a quarter there I had a bottle place a condo I townhouse I forget what the whole name of the joint was but what there is I've been up and down a hundred and seven between Kendall Riven sunset and that was just in the years ago I knew still couldn't drive it was still congested It was still pathetic nobody still spoke at any place and I'll take a look at it You go because I don't want to go. No, I 100 cents suck just I mean congested to beat the band I mean you couldn't get anywhere So I just got out and we were to pursue just pepper pines which was definitely a step in the right direction You know I mean North go north young man 56705 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines I think Miguel and Hank are probably the last two who else and and Hank's all the way up and haven't you or he's getting close to Broward He's getting real close now. Where do you live? I'm done by Coralway. Oh my god like I said and you wonder why this man is so isolated from much Really going on in a rest of town by Coralway Holy Toledo W2AM hello Yeah, yeah, the ball all right you guys are getting frank. He's been stuck with the shit Yeah, well we'll find out okay, glad you like it like he's gonna and it's not there yet by the way It's not here. Yeah. Well, let's go come on Frankie's let's go baby. Of course they had like you know Cook special the chef cooked special for you. I'm sure he did. Yeah, sure. I've made greasy And himself for the like no green said the chef cooks special the girls and off your eyes out All of that stuff and you know what else he said, don't you? What's that you know who I am? I'm more green. I made my phone when you were going out with Charlie He said it really wasn't worth selling around all that long. I think he had a good point WQAM hello I Two feet to play this First one is change basically and brown I think big Louise Big Louis, okay That's the guy said that's the phone. It's called a flicker light knowing and really nice about it Other than the greasy pig's just piece of from Chicago. It's on the water Okay, well, you know, he's throwing the water if it's really bad Now, she said the woman to call me for about that place. Capone's candle light to joint is that it was Michelle Calvostiles so it is thick and it's gonna be greasy because that's the way they make it That's what you love about Chicago pizza now God fires like I tried telling you before you know You don't want to hear about it because you're sick and tired of hearing about God fathers is thick, but it's not greasy It's a different product first-usey Suzy got it so somebody's back over a menu from someone from one it's Pizza menu. Oh, a pizza menu from where? I don't know oh What I'm trying to borrow let's see it says you knuckleheads. It is Anthony's cool fire pizza on US one About a mile north of 595 on a west side of the road. This is from Paul was getting really pissed off And was I was hoping no one would call in their name since it's so I see what he's upset about It's difficult to get in there. Do we have it on there Anthony's cool fire pizza? Yeah, it's on there. Well, this guy Paul He's upset because now publics have been a peeper the public is gonna know about it And they're gonna like infest this place and go in it because it's really great and he's not gonna be able to get a tail Well, too bad Paul. So he wrote that tough no, look at the way man look what you wrote look on the pole Oh, what would Joshua? Yeah You're fairie he writes on your Anthony's cold fire one word cold fire You know there's nothing like a cold fire Yes, take your hands over man. Watch the skin peel off. Oh, that's a nice cold fire What's the big cold? Let me just take Josh's head in it for while see if it helps It's cool C-O-A-L cool, you know like black cool Cool fire pizza two words Anthony's cool fire can you handle it? Cool fired Yeah, and I think I mentioned it Donald Trump will be in there in a minute That's a good question good pull who's gonna show up for his Donald Trump or our friends with the pizza from Frankie's Ron from Hollywood says I'm from Chicago Capone's flicker-light pizza sucks. He says they wouldn't be in business here there in Chicago Also he says Conco Neora on the circle does have great to pie the son is the owner of four vios or is that four vios? Four vios on Harrison and 19th have to open the restaurant called luch as you see luch the doors Two doors west of his dance place. They have a great neopalton pizza thin and a luch special That's got thin slices of tomato instead of so awesome. I like that. That sounds pretty damn good, isn't it? luch which is right kitty quarter down from a full vios Got those we got luch on her and you see Got it. Okay, I don't want to over burn you know because yeah, but you might want to work a few calories off before Frankie shows up with those big heavy pies All seven are right there you're schlepping home 5 670 560 pound five 60 of the Verizon and singular wireless lines On a really momentous Wednesday. I think this is today. We kind of turn the food corner. You know turn to the food court somebody QA and hello Yeah, sir. I heard you same Frankie who's gonna be delivering Is that the one on how to be? Is it what the Franks on how little people of art? I'm sure you're probably maybe I got two people on hold here What the hell am I doing? I'm trying to get rid of these people and I can't get rid of them. I got 15 lines on hold now Why is that you know, let's get rid of him? Oh, I apologize that I screwed up, okay? I meant to get rid of that other one and I want to put him on hold sorry Emerson I can't be I can't be pre-fact man. You put them all at hold if you want. I know we did two a.m. Hello Yes, sir. I got a piece of joint for you Miramar or Miramar for me like to get that new call pantonios and Tony oh seven and son there already It's on there already. It's got 13 vote. Okay. Thanks Well, he's at least he was short and sweet to the point he likes his half-he we pass the item We got 13 honor. How's that? What's the kill? What's your call Frankie's area? Yeah, now we want an honest opinion. Okay, I mean anytime people bring food and there if they're not a sponsor I mean if they're a sponsor we're in a live form, but if not a sponsor we're gonna just you know you tell like it is Right, that's what we'll be doing so that's why I'm taking a little bit of time because this particular one they're gonna make really good Oh my favorite Republican this is not dry and it's time for the excuse they're uploading It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours You Better for you You record 15 dollars a pack in the real bummer Don't even be hard on all those plumbers Though back there's our little few edges Break the love But have it no wedges of the ludic People think it's wrong If you show your thorns Follow the whole world to see things They don't think it's right To show your tidy whites Better get it good and turny thing It's one of one in five sixty wc I'm no forget treasure island five and seven is seven There will be over the summer all getting drunk with Josh By the way Tony's brought us a pizza anyway Well, it's good today's one for you and one for Miguel Alright, thanks Tony. Thanks Brad Say that's one of their great folks and I bet you that probably frankies will be right under arrest pretty soon They better be I mean this frankies actually have an idea what's going on here like to show in to two on any day We hope so We hope so Well, who's both of them? Who spoke to them? Well, I guess they call the front desk They were relaying to me. What do you want? What are you want? Tell me they talked to that thing out there. No, they talked to Nossling Oh, thank god. Yeah, seriously But no, so I just told them to bring a large pepperoni and that was it Yeah, and they probably thought it was Carlos that we're talking to because he also asked for the same thing Let's see, here's the fact that says the best pizza is it's sir pizza on Kibisgain Thanks, Hill. Is that Hillary? I wonder Hill. Maybe Hillary you want it Sir pizza now years ago It can't possibly be the same sir pizza I mean, I know they want to keep his games been there forever But there was a sir pizza like real close to shaky's in tampon day I'll maybe years ago And I think that chain that was a part of the time I don't know, we'll find out Here's a fact from Janet Lanna who says, pay more guilty bits Oh How's that Jay? How are you? There you go They more guilty bits God, why is it a letter? What do you expect? Thank God, what's going on here? Couple of shooting They're going to find the Lord Why that guy sure making the rounds It's peddling that we're a phony baloney religion book The power of the bullcraft, the power of religion Ripping off the public What a good thing is called Angle Labable Is everywhere You know the guy I'm talking about? Yeah, that guy That guy WQA and hello Amy, oh Yes sir I'm a TV student resident Let me tell you I do not think sir pizza is a best pizza And a war on that all And it's a little bit too hard for me But I was wondering if you're going to catch that Tom size war interviewer How are those shows? About one The bulls have been I think I saw more You know the actor you got caught with a crystal met The film And I think he's going to jail for sure And he was crying And I'll be funny to get that fit It's pretty much Tom size war crying And I'm her all though Okay, I'll see if we can find it And then we'll get that broad It's got that package 560560 Tom 560 And he Verizon and Singulariralis lines The one who's a T-shirt and jeans kind of girl WDQA and hello Hey, you have pizza with some on the cheese WDQA and hello Oh, yeah, I'm going to tell you Speaking You're a meal with the acting effects of the sex As a horse called Wally He's a He's facing clamors for the first time He's facing out there Okay, well, Sam, we're happy for you Pledge your guts out And our horse and act with octane of his race He's hammered while he's facing maiden for the first Little late there in the lane But Lady Payton finished well Two starts back at every chance However, he wants to advance We start talking horse racing on a show That'll be a real tip off Every term is only moments away Okay, sir Oh my god Oh no, and oh She's right on the heels of that Incoherent loser Here's a facts from no less than Tim Pots Oh Now doesn't he anything to you guys If George was here today, he'd be on the floor He'd be right now, he'd be having a hevy Tim Pots Every time he's here, we're going to run these clowns They're back again Neil, is Tony's the Tony's place in PSN What is PSN? I have no idea what's open you tell me I have no idea what that is The place makes great pizza I don't think it's the place you're referring to If not put them on list, I have no idea what PSN stands for None Paul Moon's praise north Oh, sure How pizza could get more votes than Tony's place First of all, Tony's place isn't on here It's obviously now Tony's were talking about his on a 441 Just got the Hershey halfway a little bit from the radio station Okay, it's right with like neighbors to us Okay, Tim Then he goes on to say Pizza Hut makes crappy pizza No Also a place that Miami sure is Z pizza A little hole in a wall But they make pretty good A little bit of a secret right on what I've thought It's just called before about the Horses in the sixth race Maybe that was Tim How many QI am? Hello Hello, how are you? Pretty good I'm calling up about the pizza places Okay There's Mario the Baker I want to get them on the list If in Northern Miami We're two, they are on list They're number two, they're just right behind They're right behind pizza law For their number two Fantastic Thank you very much And thank you so much Mario the Baker for your father It's a good It's very good I'm telling you what they have They're really good Is garlic rolls Oh man Just dripping in garlic They are incredible I thought you don't like bread I never said I don't like bread I'm diabetic, I can't eat bread Don't you want to stay with you diabetic See that's a good word of warning For a punk like you What do you mean? What I mean is that if you're going to start getting fat And even teenagers now are getting Type 2 diabetes That's what I'm trying to tell you Okay You can be a smart ass on you want And I can do whatever I want And the fact that it matters when you get diabetes You have to, for example, I'm talking about pizza They do I eat pizza? No In fact, if you'll notice when I'm there and they're like When our good friend or former friend Jeff used to bring in pizza We're telling me I would eat the toppings I would not eat the crust Why? Do I like the crust? Yeah, can I eat the crust? No Because it sends my blood sugar Skyrocketing It says, tilt on my little machine When I eat it, I can't eat it I mean you can eat a little bit of bread But not really, not supposed to When you have diabetes I'm just telling you all the things that you have to sacrifice When you become a type 2 diabetic Got it? Got it? No, you don't You're right You're right I don't Okay, just like the beast there All these people ended up Just like the humper There's another example Yeah Oh yeah, he didn't have a diabetes Well guess what? Guess what he's got Are we comparing me with the beast? Get him I'm not comparing you with anybody I'm just giving you a little friendly word of warning Okay, because last couple of days You sound like you're so food intensive You may burst, okay? I eat a lot They may have to start feeding you through a few If you keep this up You may have to barretaries Two, pretty soon You're not using it That's for sure Although I've had my honey Which you like to get a whole lot of that too Yeah, I wish he would disappear in it In fact, he would go down that Two, right Along with rush Speaking of two Yeah I'm just telling you I know people that I think preach to about But just most people are to wear that They think well diabetes, okay You have to take insulin or some pills Yeah, but you also have to give up all these foods that you love Now, I'm not a big, great person thank goodness I can live without bread But I do like great garlic rolls I don't eat them anymore But I mean, you know, back in the day Good stuff It is great stuff Mary or the baker happens to have fabulous garlic rolls Sensational Just dripping in garlic Oh, god Yummy 560 560 560 And he provides in singular wireless line WQAM Hello Yes sir How's it, Angus? All right All right And he'll best teach a brave in general At the town and country center Two brothers teach a right by the movie theater there We'll be talking about two brothers Now, I wonder if that was the same two brothers That had to place up on 441 of shut down years ago Oh, it's not a great It's not the same place They used to be inside the town and country mall years ago Now they moved outside right by the right next to right Literally right next to the movie theater Upside there in outside areas Fantastic real Italian pizza All right, okay, thanks, darling Thanks, Bailey Two brothers in Kendall, you got it? Got it But from another combo lesson center Just talking about Michael Shivoh and Let's not, let's not say we did We are Shivoh to death, okay? Just keep that We're out of there And these crazy people out there And everything they are called that many of me It's the same old fetus squeezing Anti-science stem cell heating Embrero-looking The same lunatics Always the same crowd What's with all the signs anyway? Well, what do you expect? Well, also they got to do they got no life free Terry Okay, let her live That's a good idea for your let her out in the yard and see what she does, okay? Okay, let her roam Since everybody since a brother is going on there about how active and vibrant she is And seeing the tape, you see the tape, I'm sure you must have They show the somebody talking her and try to get her attention You know, like that? Oh no, over here, Terry Oh, you know, her head keeps slapper on her Percerivo cortex is almost all water She has the part of your brain that The thinking function it doesn't even exist anymore It doesn't it it's not going to make some kind of a spontaneous comeback Okay, so all of these people who want to stick to those Know that people's private lives and the fact that the Percer and Couraging this that to me is just it's outrageous It's just outrageous I mean if they want to fight their own personal battle and they have been that that's that's their business But appealing to all of these other people in the federal government and a state government to interfere Outrages is what it is Here's a fact that says Tony's it'll tell you right palm Springs or I'm sorry you folks and probably don't know from PSN, okay It sounds like some kind of religious TV network PSN would genital crotch PSN comes for ignored Tony's is the best I've tried and I've had other Tony's PSN stands for Pot smoking neighborhood. Oh, okay, great. It's as cliff. Okay, so what is it called Tony's what because I threw the other one away I shmicked it Tony's in PSN. Tony's in PSN. Pot smoking hood You're listening to Neil Rajas is exclusively on five Start It's not People The moon At five-six o- W-U-A . YouKevin Jelly Jelly Talking on a more show Trying to me my child Your boy sounds just like a A,''cm I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit that you have to do it with all the little bit, then you can feel while cerca or something ok maybe when it comes toinya sharp soft you have to quite well in there oh you when you're gone and grow up you make that want to grow up you feel it's really sweet blue don't you grow up as big school you're free to do this you're best in boys make you sound like you're fair you're a you're a you're a you're a 17 how's the bad directions of you to speak to them I'm sure nozzle in those what's the station is what's the thing and what about and you've got bread they're already with Tony's start on kind of cleans your palate Carol in fact says I think is a pencil you're a little bit you know you did know well what do you know about Tom's north what's the last time you were in boka you're going to New York Prime with you haven't invited me yet on comedy centralized and i john's Stuart played the rcantia is doing an r and it hurts table and it was a terrible play again and slum or a a woman who is four miles south of tenth international airport came to a spread by fuel from a jet flying low over a neighborhood sounds like a good lawsuit vicky the accusation was denied by both airport and federal officials vicky Morris 51 a real estate agent said she was on a walk daily walk money night when he lives in city occurred she said she heard a washing sound consistent with the plain hovering overhead and then felt a missed a company by a strong fuel and a star fire said Morris said she had difficulty breathing and experienced tingling over skin and scalp after the incident sounds like a big fat lawsuit to me airport spokesman Brenda Gagan said there was no emergency that would force the jet to dump its fuel money night and f a a spokesman Kathleen burgund concurred there was no emergency declared no authorized dumping a fuel in area of morris's claim burgund said Morris said she went through three bottles of air freshener i bet you Josh was going through three bottles of booze while she was going through three bottles of air freshener now battling the sandwich was still slightly difficult to make her to read the two day i just wanted to say the last guy that we had was in co-herit look what happened to him i'm sure the last one of your people what do you mean what happened in him yeah that one i mean he was jet fuel was a known carcinogen that causes irritation to eyes and eyes you had a and light goodness no the only reason George script the other one up off the forest was he felt responsible for he's the one a problem in their number one and number two is one of his people what is it that was his boy that was his boy that was his boy was he would deny right now vehemently invigorously but that was his fair eyes not so fair heard boy i don't have that all on i don't have that yeah i don't have it so clear two times i think between five six seven oh five sixy and maybe that's why he passed out on the floor maybe he was like an handling something out of long you right what it was wqa m hello pretty good you had mentioned frankly doing the delivery earlier yeah that's a thanks on how and i'll be full of hard i have no idea is it i don't know if you're familiar with that one i was really like an old style place really good pizza okay but holding our breath away from the show up okay also um i'm hurting any of the scary guy is a guy and his die traps against us against the Hitler no bobby fishery not give up bobby fishery yeah what's with that guy uh anti semi crazy person is a machigan on man exactly well uh hubman's weird as i say in china i think you're paling okay i can go and back to back at you just with onion do we cow five six seven oh five sixy pound five sixty on a Verizon singular wireless lines let's take a peek at the pool because the number one spot is already locked down pizza locked yet come we put them on them and then we made them locked in lots of money and then man he just he let us loose like like turning on a rat right any like a quarter rat huh drop it okay we can add a lot we're still a fun one our way along Jeff pizza locked one oh one Mario the Baker 42 because solar pizza 36 Steve's 34 of course it was rumors false he rumors about papa John 33 pizza 32 to sell those 31 Frankie's 29 Frankie's doing pretty well just dying to find out how good their pizza is aren't you? yes where is it? pizza time 29 godfather's 27 because only twenty four little Caesar's 18 uh Antonio 17 Antonio i'm sorry Antonio you know the woman who plays pilar i know you don't watch you to one of your course because we'll be not the man they think you do a soap opera patting which is really a comedy not a soap opera but the woman who plays pilar on air who's got the two sons of a few and three sons Luis and Miguel and of course Antonio was in a plane when i got blown up but uh she's the best she's just great great actress she's from my anyway by the way i just mentioned that okay pilar she's fabulous anyway how much have we got a couple people to watch a passion to show maybe three or four and if not you're missing out i keep told George's that even if just to see Sheridan uh Antonio 17 sparrow 14 that is puk inducing man who's Jessica Sierra? four more bling bling for bars yeah exactly talk about Simon or she had other fake idol prisoners at it yes so uh sparrow 14 pizza rusta coutir team which i hear is pretty then good john evick rithir team Tony's 12 the big cheese 11 minis best 11 Mike's 11 Domino's 10 oh my god even fats domino's up chucking from that all over the piano keys god the eleven of a nine hungry how is it's got nine how do you like that Josh courthis? tongue re-how is it's got nine well he went over to the front that's no more did the food come looks like wow frankie's is here let's hear it oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh right that would be great course how am i gonna know because i mean he's got you know you'll have to taste it too all your taste ain't so great either wow look at all this stuff what you got all this stuff oh this is coming in this has been really something and the best part of it is i'm not gonna get fat bar on the food coming because i'm not eating any of it although i'm doing a good job getting fat right here just listening to it tongue re-how is nine veto's eight zero's seven mrd seven who called it in nice guy that was that guy's name taking a thought the guy from mrd that called him what that was his name mrd no you were so i am what you're asking you some of that i'm all grand with the pizza in front of me now i get out of here you guys anyways veto was something like that inzo the baker what am i looking at the big cheese like i already did that see i'm skipping around here it's your fault uh Antonis coal fired six amichi six um barto's five components clicker like four pansquare four mazzola's four bryffin boys four amodays four uh wise guys four Jerry's three red rock three nicks of three mama's three mama mia's three marino's pizza three papi's two uh villa rose two and hollywood okay what i mean like delvecchio's two sur pizzas got one of our french one papa pickle's one espazero's one hot sobay one pick up poggies has got one Antonis import uh whatever it is a p.s.n don't have any yet two brothers zero luchinon surr is none jeno's not in franko's none out of almost all your vote how's that what do you got there we got a bunch of pizzas uh from a given all about okay a bunch of pizzas now the audience wants to know just what's going to happen how many is a bunch you got to one from Tony's there from Brad we got a we got four pizzas here from frankie total total from frankie so that sounds like five one oh do a trade quadro chinkway right chinkway right well we threw the other one chinkway pizza we weren't gonna eat you know yeah so let's just uh take care of that but we got four from frankie's ninety second ab and burrow right right so thanks to uh if the you've been there for a year so they've been there for a month of one hell and that we got what's talking about this one oh that why I know that one I want to suppose to be fantastic I every time we ever talk about pizza they get calls and all that they've been there for three years we got a well let let's hear it I want to hear you bite into a slice both of frankie's pizza what do you got papi runi well if you got four there must be more than just papi runi what do you got a lot of baked pizzas too well you got something in other words to take home if you get them around the world this is uh this is the big deal pizza play really around 50 years you know I wanted to ship to Canada well that's the great because the pizza here is from a hungry man oh it is just crap it it's almost criminal to call what they serve as pizza here pizza it's just garboy there's no good pizza I haven't found anything that that I eat it but I mean you know once in a while all you know they want to eat a little bit uh they want to ship you some pizza so they really so you can eat the toppings no no thanks that's a bad I appreciate how my appreciate it very much put it's a bad idea well I'll be down to a lot of my way I'll be down to a very soon they can bring some in then we can have a feeding friends and give me a stroke or a massive stroke right on here as I said oh right smoking come in and watch that happen I'm sure you'll dance up and down and put his hands in his pants pockets funny seven after one at five sixty wqm spring is here and I was a great time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestay for some great deals on new oh five right now get the underweaval focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Fort and zero let me say it again zero percent financing how about an exhibition with three grand cash back one point nine percent financing check out the oh five four to right score right now to Armstrong for the homestay you get $2500 cash back and one point nine percent financing and don't forget only when you buy from our friends at Armstrong for homestay where you have this unbeatable deal they give you the exclusive tires, parts and batteries for life program plus are free for the sun pass what the hell is not to like Armstrong for this product there's service men and women too and if you're in the military or if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active duty reserve this national guard or Coast Guard you'll get that military appreciation discount too from Armstrong for they've rich enough to have the best price in town and it'll reach a fantastic because being locally owned and off the way to the one of the few a customer full-life Armstrong for the homestead three oh seven twenty five south tixie highway just twenty easy minutes south of the thirty six and well worth the drive check them on a web Armstrong cars dot com give David Victor call three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve but very at traveled a lecture and save thousands on that new fort only at Armstrong for you are amazing a meal nothing ah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, I knew I liked EGG, I knew I liked this song. Really, really, really lovely song. Really lovely song. Hey and whee- Effort's like a play of love. want thirteen. 33 2702 and 2 a.m. Okay, so how is it? It's good delicious and by the way, I don't want to do this show anymore I've never eaten so much of my life really this just this one only one more day Good Lord, I can't but yeah, but look at the service you doing can you imagine if the beast had been working this week? Oh man if current says boy friend, what have been working that had a carry him out then I just stick this you right in his ear That's stakes in the pizza. It might be killed. It's not a control. Yeah, they would have put him over the edge the beast poor little modeling fool I'm gonna song for the full by working else and that was about the beast It might be sitting in the seat that I want to eat so much now and then bring anything we side pizza Just four pieces. Oh, just pizza good stuff though. It's real thick. You know, so really who sounds fantastic So in other words, there are a couple of that you could like take home because they're half baked and you can finish them off in the oven This is the week that drives court as officially became part of the new Rogers show Okay Once you start talking with your mouth full and you're picking out on free food then you know you're in can only kitchen and Boko awesome pizza just had a slice with tomato slices basil mozzarella squares and red dried peppers Mmm, it says Alex also a woman must never keep up the good work. Thanks Alex can only kitchen in Boko you got it Yeah, I'm here. I's your you know, you can maybe type and eat at the same time Also as for Terry Shavos' Alex death is an anthropart living what happened to die with dignity? That's why I'm volunteering at the hospice they have I think have the right idea nice going Alex good work Oh look at this This is great story from Sky News. There's silly brits for red and four lotterdale. Thanks Ed A factory worker has been killed after being sucked into an industrial sausage grinder Oh no two of the men's colleagues watched as their workmate was minced in the giant machine. He was minced You're fairy. It is thought the 40 year old Norwegian man was sucked into the meat machine But it's possibly toppled from his workstation above it the victim was named as yet to be released died instantly Police in Oslo that's an Oslo in our way a Rassilly regions where the accent and happened said we don't know what caused the accent But it's possible they vacuum built up in the grinder maybe the cute was a little bit too much suction on it I think Authorities have launched a formal investigation and suspected the concentrate in particular on the grinders safety mechanism The cute man, wow second little bit too hard There you go Sam, you know I got to play Because I keep playing that one drop. Where the hell is it here it is? I'm not I'm not This is Rush Lim ball. Survelled of humanity talk show host Tamroyd suffer For sure over three other pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellence the Positories now you can end the pain and if ring of hemorrhidal to you just for my picture on the box of Suppositories and the applicator tube another fine product from all I bay the obesity and broadcast ring of a work applicator tube tube okay come down pop a couple more 24 jails to a QAM They this is disgusting speaking to him and all the other fascists we have running a mercenal the federal elections commission has begun considering One of the issue new rules on how political campaigns are waved on the internet a regulatory process that's expected to take months to complete But that's already generating considerable angst online the agencies when weather and how to impose restrictions on our host of online activities Including campaign advertising and politically oriented blogs Elections officials are reluctantly taking up the issue after losing a court case last fall the FEC which enforces federal election law had issued scores of regulations Delineating how the campaign finance reform legislation adopted in 2002 ought to be implemented But obnoxious representative Chris Shays of Connecticut and Martin team me and advanced at users whose Sponsored legislation completed that many of those rules were too relaxed and they successfully sued to have them rescinded The commission must now rewrite a number of those directions including ones that left online politically activities Virtually free from government regulation which enforces the way it ought to be the way it ought to be the government has about as much Business regulating online as they do in Terry Shabbos To right we're almost certainly going to move from an environment which the internet was per se not regulated Where it's gonna be regulated in some part Said FEC commissioner David and Mason a Republican that chip has huge significance because it means that people are conducting political activity on the internet Our suddenly gonna have to worry about or at least be conscious of certain legal distinctions and lines They didn't use that to worry about how do you like that? I'm trying to pretty soon their tentacles and their testicles are gonna be everywhere You looked there we're gonna be all over the place. There is no stopping them crazy people They're running America man. They've taken it over. They are they got their finger on it Look at the way the pizza law is very weak competition is that quite a tribute to this show? Yes, I think it's more of a tribute to us than it is like to Jeff. I mean, I would just pump it to stuff out there, you know He's pumping it down Pizza law 206 Huge loyal following thanks to yours truly Mary of the Maker 43 Cousulas now what what that was that cousulas C.A. S. O. L. L.A. Cousulas 38 must be great Season North Miami 35 we've even the hopper low debt He'll be needing any pizza by the way. Don't leave any food laying around that Hank might eat in the morning Oh, that's right. He won't be there He's gonna be at the crystal palace in Bahamas Bahamas doing your show next to morning Yeah, I'm not probably picking out although I will say that a couple of times I was over there what a food is just oh wow I'd rather eat it morons. I would rather gum my food at dusk Really Oh, the food in the bot now that's quite a while ago. It's a long time ago. Maybe maybe they cleaned up their rack, but I sure doubt it, you know And most that big great once we have this slots At the Fort Permitful sites because there are a lot of people who don't have to keep slept on over there to be treated like crap to be treated like human garbage Which is generally the way it says seems to have everybody I talked and tells me the same thing Now the hopper likes to one over there because he can plunge his guts out. It's a freebie. They probably win them in dynam and Got one of those what else right? Yeah, they treat us great at the crystal palace. Oh, you've been over there many times with the hopper. Yes Well, I don't know about that he was his producer before he was yours. Oh, that's why he called you in there Dismoined to ask you if you got lucky over there now. He wasn't talking about gambling either No, he wasn't sounds really porn and graph again this guy. What kind of a show is he running there? So This thing's talent you list with Jeff Gettin the White House press corps is most trusted name in journalism I just got in here with your top Thor bottom of the hour right wing ground. I low down Christians rejoice. It's wrapped your mania Fearless leader Boge says it a White House memo written by Andrew card that God spoke to him last night about the rapture After reassuring fearless leaders that it won't matter how bad things get we're all gonna die anyway He added that after taking a closer look at that pasty redneck Christian morons He decided to leave their clothes on with the rapture go and now these words from the front page of my website Attention Christine Republican men. Are you looking for a Marine now you're conveying the Bible and Me check my website for a point in availability on Jeff Gettin mailbooker.com He as I am or for less than a fits full of dollars more. I can satisfy most fetish it Including rating passages from Bill O'Reilly's latest sex troubles while dressed as a Catholic school girl If you long to feel closer for job by saying oh God that's good Let Jeff Gettin erected people on your church It's 146 142 you're fairing Justice department is asked the full quarter of appeals to I hear the Shabbo case. Oh brother Wasn't enough the three judge panel. They want to hold a circuit quarter appeals to you and about to meet better But I said they did they just won't stop at a year business. You know It doesn't leave it alone best pizza Johnny G's G's is that G's I'm gonna go with all I see Johnny G's But is that like Chuck E. Cheese and Johnny G's where is the G's with? Maybe they use cheese was flaming a rodent shirt and streets as Dan Johnny G's G. I guess what's felt the way he said right? I would think she would post her FES but he says Johnny G's G E E Z E is an old G's But it sounds to me like you got a mouth full of food till mister for me. Yeah Yeah, right full crap So how is it pretty good delicious? Hi boy, did you go whole pie by himself right now? Yeah, you're you're you're if you're feeding if you're given him any of the food You have to be kidding me, aren't you? I Josh did Yeah, that was that that was really him eating eating food Hi, I want to know for real how many of those donuts you ate last week? He says three boxes No, three things. No, three dozen Don't lie to us how many did you eat it that at this point a second may he in difference how many come on? Yeah, yeah, you know never keeps going down and down. Yeah If it's seriously there. Why did Josh court is give that man food you're you are murderer He's gonna he's gonna pop right over probably you'll probably want to be crushed under the way to him, you know It's probably have to suck your ass out of there with a two yeah Strong with you. He actually eating pizza Please please please tell me no please But it's in your picture. No, I know I got a good memory. I'm dying on the here. Yeah, we know that Oh, God, I'm just moving on. I do whatever. Have a good time. Okay, and you I've found some A Southwest Florida woman was sentenced to 30 days And jail for killer. Now let me ask you anybody else in the building coming there for free pizza just stuff Well, duh, I mean what do you expect you know? Reaper. Hey man. She me a greep came in I guess he didn't hear that poker Brian, but we're not planning Well, that I was gonna save he won all other sales people came in all right. No no other sales people came in when he heard there was tons of pizza And they're only somebody who really needs a bad they're busy calling everybody on that list right now Oh man, I'm not making you the story. This is disgusting a Southwest Florida woman more sense to 30 days No, this is in Naples no less for killing her neighbors Chihuahua with a shotgun telling that I was honoring Courthache was scared when it attacked her at each Chihuahua Von the Ziggler 49 of Golden Gate to no contest to date a wonderful and a kind of annual cruelty Senior judge Jack Scoon over a greedy with hold a formal finding of guilt of the charge Ziggler will be allowed to serve her jail time on weekend work detail the judge also censored it two years probation and six months house arrest Maybe she has to wear the dog collar around her ankle Night Ziggler was arrested July 31 after winning she shot and killed the dog which belonged to her then neighbor Ziggler told that it is a two hour report repeatedly wanted into a yard It's an American way baby. She said in court she grabbed a shotgun and fired two warning shots in the air Just try to scare off the dog. I was scared by the dog. Came out from behind my garbage can said Ziggler the dog left after the warning shots But soon returned Ziggler told her former neighbor in court. That's when the dog tried to attack me She said that's when I shot the dog the dogs owner told Ziggler she didn't believe her there's no way a two pound dog was gonna scare you She said I like that Little Chihuahua You barberians you lunatics out of the warning shots. They ought to give her the two right I don't want to tell you where but go that's it that sounds like it to me. Yeah, she fired a couple of warning shots This is a couple hey you know how scary them for wow was gonna be oh my god two pounds your wallet I think just tear her to shreds So now let's fly that what's we to go in on it. Okay. I mean, I you know, I'm so glad I'm not through to see it myself Now, who's eating what you had to tie from Brad from Tony's to start what happened to that That's in the kitchen right now someone's in the kitchen with Tony's and then he had these frog pies from Frankies Thanks again Tony's in Frankie's by the way What was and what happened to those? They're being eaten right now really yeah my entire city one was two were half-baked Oh, that wouldn't stop fat boy Nobody's gonna go into kitchen right now Hahaha oh My god what a say what a thought meanwhile pizza loft kicks ass baby107 you can't touch him with a fork Mario the baker 44 cassola's 40 Steve said I think I'm over no For God father's what do you think go for it You need to have somebody who has at least a year in the Food business. Yeah, I'll find somebody I'll find a partner. There's like Jeff on apart I'm here! Why so much of a chance you can't even aim? I can't. I'm loosing. Now, who's the fifth point that could go? Oh, oh. If you got her in the corner of a cat, who's home? You say it's funny, cat money, though. But when you get to the back, get to the private room. I'm going to go to the toilet. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. No. Hey, you're so cute. Oh, oh. I'm going to go to the toilet. I can do the space. You're very cute. Think you're the perfect role of this cat. You don't think by the spell, you can't wear it that. Oh, oh. Hey, you're so cute. Hey, you're so cute. Hey, you're so cute. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hey, when you come back, when you come back, when you come back, if you buy a car or a car or a car, then you can all ever eat something different from that one. one fifty seven five sixty w came over to get treasure island of seven five seven five one might have made an appearance here but I don't think I'll be able to bottle over today no more not no more but the young be there and uh... George even though it's yours is vacation you can fill them in all the foodie missed this week but he's going to be a little a porcupine about that you know he might be he might be a few left out the best pizza in florida is that we have seven forty four votes we had a lot of those baby lots of pizza between out of our pizza lawful one-on-seven there is nobody even close nobody within the ballpark i mean they are down to road and off to a grandma's house pizza lawful no seven mario the vapor forty six cusola pizza forty one steve thirty six pizza hot thirty six all boy top of john thirty five pizza time thirty four the salvo thirty three frankie thirty two that's good at frankie's did really well because otherwise they'd be better shit all or cash in make sure they do really well any anybody brings in free food for Joshua make sure you get two hundred votes overnight dot-five is his guy but love god-fathers man i'm telling you if I can tell you how much I love god-fathers that is such good stuff cusola twenty six little season twenty and tony o eighteen how's that tony o doing on he's filled it john a baker sixteen piece of rustic of fifteen sparrow is got fifteen that's strictly for goiam stomoroster teen tony thirteen that's our tony's Anthony's cool-fired did it did twelve my knees best a dozen i'll do the double-digits love an oven eleven and the big cheese and mics tied eleven of all peace eleven a slow-by