Oh, do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do go do do do do do do do do do do do do a perfect job done do it because do do ot what i do do do do do to do on the you will called to play was just a little thought for what i do did do would do do do i will delete one want to know ok Però bugger yeah do lord do ok do or marijuana. Oh, who am I to tell? Oh no. Who is the fucking bull? I don't take no for any answer to that. What is that? You. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. I have to eat. 10.03.05.06. You know what you can remember back to a 10 o'clock start. How do you like that? I've presented a wake in the already the co-author, Musus' ass. I mean, when some money they... This could be an expensive schedule for him. For him? Yeah. No, because now, I mean, when you're on four to seven, you can't go to the track on those days. I guess you can go a little bit. But, you know, post times you'd like 1231 o'clock. So how much can you plunge? You know. But now that he's getting off the earth ten, he can get in the car. Zip up there to Palm Beach, count up or any of the permutual facilities where he would like to go. Including Palm at O Park by the way. Why not give them a little plug? And have a little lunch, right? Right? And then plunge to a charge content, I'll have to no longer. And go out and have a couple more meals and go to bed early and get up in the morning again. Sounds like a very expensive schedule to me. Anyway, here's our poll result from on. And then we'll tell you about the new schedule. Oh, God. What a place. Oh, man. You think you've heard some insanity on this station or in this market before this... This takes the cake today. It's four minutes after 10. Do we know who's going to be on it to a clock? No. This could be the greatest of the world. Seriously, this could be a phenomenon phenomenon of the time of war. I hope we get like a really stainless steel microphone in there, you know? When was some heavy duty cords on it? And we can just have a tug of war in whether mad dog or mole wins the tug of war will determine. I have a feeling I know who would win that one. No, right. But nevertheless, you never know. Because some of the poots are stubborn. Some of the soul of fat Jews are pretty stubborn. And so they're both going to show up at two o'clock evidently. And nobody knows the trouble we've seen. Nobody knows who's going to be on it to. And if there are people out there who think, oh, that ain't no man. He's making this up again. Yeah, right. Even I couldn't. I don't have the imagination to make a putts going on in this place. Anyway, let's do the pull results first. Nimble spend the whole four hours of biction out the beeslees and Greg read. Okay? And the water not seem too distant to the health of it. The worst movie of the new millennium since 2000 right up until this moment is... ...Geeley. Pretty good vattler man. Look at that. 1500 and plus votes. Almost 50, 50. Geeley 389 and the tax of the Christ 268 only of turn. Out of almost 1600 votes. This is closer than the present actual election in 2000. Isn't it? Well, pretty damn close. We don't have to fix this one either. Geeley 389, passion of the Christ 368. From just in the Kelly 225. The latter 93. And that great that we got the Geeley and glitter on there from that one color. Thank you so much. We'd have been really remiss if we'd end the Gade de Monter. The Hawks 64, come power into the fist. Welcome 52. Freddy got fingered. Oh, Gee's back to back. That's bad. 47. Oh, no. He's out of hope for a little separation. Four first one. Charlie Zandles 46. Van Helsing 39. Alexander 31, of course everybody knows what's going on. Gae. Alien versus predator head. But third man. During level 29. Crossroads 18, the village 18. Sky kept in the world of the Mar 18. Harold and Kumar go to White Castle for a few of them. Greasy and Ealyberg is 18. Around the world in 80 days 17, she hate me 16. The big bounce 13. And beyond the sea, had it done. There's the pull result. And this way we can give the pull result right to begin the show. Does anybody know what's starting to tend? No, they'll catch on. That's it. We're in a scuttle but didn't stir and rip us this morning. Because I'm sure we got people listing on the buzz. Right. Didn't say anything. We are. Have a good part. That's right. They're not monitoring here. No, no matter. Because I don't even know if we still have the ability to monitor it. That thing down real fast because I don't want to keep paying for it. So maybe we'll get a spy report to see if there was even a mention that he shows not on Miami more if you're listening for Howard Stern. He ain't here. He ain't here. Here's a spy report coming right off the bat. You'll see. How many QAms spy line? Hello. Yeah, the spy. Yeah. I don't know if you spoke about you on the video or not. But get some signed off at 10 o'clock today. And one of the 3.1 buzz. Really? Yeah. And rock to play music. They're playing music right at 10. So I think they started the news. I think when I listened to the hammer most of the morning. Right. I'm glad he's on. It was really refreshing and I'm glad you're starting your 10 o'clock time. Me too. I was ecstatic here in about that the shower between Hank and Tom Brady. That was pretty, that was quite a bulletin. And not to talk about your radio station. But I think they said, 8K and 2 wire. This one you guys signed on. There was no such thing anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're still working on that with Tom Edison and Alexander Grahamville. Have a great day, pal. Thanks for the spy report. So Palm Beach has cut them off at 10 o'clock. Two now. Say, I don't understand what's going on here. Or did they end at 10? Is that what he said? Well, they cut them off. I presume that's what he did. And they're playing music at 10 o'clock. Wow. I think I think probably in days and weeks to come before much too long. I think the whole deal. I think maybe what's going to happen is that in finnly. Well, actually, your Viacom will buy up heavy duty stock in serious. And so they'll be the same company and they'll say, OK, you can go ahead and go over to serious now. And we'll get our whole act together here. We'll figure out who's going to be on. If I, well, that's Greg and the B's Lee is figure out who's going to be. They're pretty good at that. See, obviously, they try to get the mad dog to sign the same crap. They try to get me to do, which I said, stick it, man. Stick it where the moon don't try. And he's not going to sign that stuff. Anybody with any of it, a little teeny ounce of self respect. Isn't going to sign off on 80,000 suspensions and firings. And if you fart the wrong flavor, they can fire you. If you mentioned Joyce and a derogat. If you're not contributing to the harmonious atmosphere of the, Oh, yeah. So we got a sing to. Oh, yeah. We got a sing for our supper. WQAM. Hello. Really? Yes sir. They're on right now. They're on one and Palm Beach. Yeah. How come they're going to send their plane music a 10 o'clock? I don't know. I just flipped over there. OK, thanks. So we got two, which one do you believe? The first guy said a pretty legit. I don't know. That was the last one. You believe the last one. They're on right now. You know, over the Chuck Mawvertent of Clark, but they got no problem up there. They're not voetering to show up with 80 million dumps. They're not owned by this company. And they're, though, it's just a whole different ball game. WQ, that's the buzz. QA and hello. Yes sir. They're on man. I just turned over too. I'll be damned. They might have been a commercial break or something. Yeah. But yeah, they're on. He's talking about buying a common out of buying a mad or who the hell knows who him. You know. They can't get his X. Yeah. Well, thank you. That's why he was perfect on this station because we're can't either. OK. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right, Pally. Don't forget the listing of two. When we had the battle of the talk show host, you know, years ago, for you old folks out there, remember my days of WS News, WNWS. And I came up with this idea, the battle of the talk show host, which I thought was a pretty good idea, and then the lightball, FTL, ripped that off for me. You idiots, Steve and Norma and all you other idiot Rick Spider-Man. What was that other guy? Shine, shine, bomb, our shine. Oh, brother, enjoy his Kaufman. Wow. Like I said, Craig Warden was the only real broadcast that they had in their whole lineup. And of course, they had him jammed on their late at night with Al Knight. Oh, boy. I'm going to have to restrain myself. But anyway, so I came up with the idea where the, it was a whole day of programming. We'd just be all the talk host taking shifts and sitting around. It'd like in a panel, you know, around the table and debating and arguing and pitching each other out. And it was a response. It was good radio. So a two today, we're going to have a QM version of that. Only it's not going to be a whole bunch of people. It's just going to be two guys, which interestingly enough was the Adolf and broadcast radio broadcast tandem, blasted two, three years, and that's more Howard Davided on the left. That's a loop. And you mad dog man, it's on the right. And we'll see who ones have been doing two to four. I'll get to that story. But there's no hurry now that we got to the whole four hours back. And we got these nice long breaks today. We have, in fact, we actually got our breaks back. Give us a break. Give us a break. And they give us two of them. Honey like that. Well, they give us our breaks back in a shower. We got like all this business on the log. I think I think we turned the corner. Now as far as after two o'clock, I mean, Hank is all in there in the morning. What the solid. Now that did the big O' Do five to seven this morning. That's what I understand. Okay. So the big, who's good at that hour the more when everybody is sleeping. Man, he's done it when you're asleep. And then Hank who sounded the chipper and a wake in the lyrton that were static tavener. He's on seven to ten. And it worked tend to two and then after that, good luck to you. Which I think will probably end gender and other humongous listening. And he oughting to some sure is nicken. I just had to publish it. He's done. No. No, because I went through the same thing with them for four months, which was finally narrow down to two of the worst weeks of my life, including a week that I was supposedly on vacation, which, if anybody calls out of vacation, I call it nervous breakdown. Thanks to Greg, enjoys and Carolyn Beesley and the other Beesley. And a bunch of crazy people basically. Oh, what we want you to, and these people really believe. I mean, what I say, I'm just in for the money. That's the truth. But there isn't any amount of money unless it's got a whole bunch of zero sign. That's going to give me the sign to kind of craft that they wanted me to sign. And if you're the same thing with Manit, obviously. Because I heard him, again, maybe it was on Thursday. He was saying about where legal is going to get back to your legal. It's going to be, in other words, the contract. It wasn't a done deal. And I'm going to tell you something right now. I don't want to stick my nose in anybody else's business. But if they let Mad Dog and that often, both get away, you can close the bar and doorboards and girls, this way are toast. Hopefully the Virgin Mary or Jesus will be on our piece of toast, so we can catch in on it. We'll need it. New forward. 1013 at 5. 60 WQAM IRS tax problems that way of ruining all aspects of your life. Just like you am. They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally. Just like you am. You can never really forget about those IRS problems that come back every morning. When you wake up at a cold, sweat. CPAG and you buck walled in the buck wall tax form will help end your IRS problems forever. And give you back peace of mind, which is why other top CPA law firms are for their clients to be buck walled tax firm when they have problems with the old IRS. Line out of leg potential criminal prosecution. Get all your unfound tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. And maybe you've got an IRS lien, a wage's levy. You know, like we've been working on the living? I used no guy named Solvey. Old payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you. Maybe time to pay whatever the real life be. The buck wall tax firm can help you out. They offer a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate if not sooner relief from IRS harassment too. And best of all you never even have to meet with the IRS. The buck wall tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you even have to be. They don't have to show up. Call him today and get the old monkey off your back. 954 575-2800-101000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110000-110 This is not a fucking strange thing. The road is.. Need to Boris, Dada. 2 Focus, Goodbye Exhale, Doodle I'm just kidding a story while its a poem, still filled and I'm just sitting here being I'm not going to the shower. Come on to the showers in the check out Tom Brady and Hangover naked together. It's a 1017 at five. Since we got an a corahoy on our be the curtain today. It's a book of pictures. Brand new, brand new, breaking news. Breaking news on the new aradges.com website. Anacora hoarya, start naked almost. Not really. Well, that's the best we got. Right. Those are necessary to make sure that it's her because we got bird was before because of that photographer. Remember that? Somebody else is right. What are you doing? We were bird. We didn't put it on there. But the world. We the world. Right. Well, what's there? Especially on our website. We'll put any crap on it. We feel like putting on our Fox News. Can you go on here and make up stories and lie like hell? Why can't we just make up a bunch of crap? I don't know. I can't make a story about cats and Harrison at plain. So anyway, here's the new pool. We got the anacora hoarya. A whole bunch of pictures. Which, you know, there's no booby shots, but it's the best. And she didn't get married to an Ricky. I'll be pleased to know. She's still an eligible, like, lady. Where was God? They've had 87,000 of these stupid ass discussions on TV. And two in the one between Bush, one and Clinton on Larry King. So unachceptible. Just exactly the kind of paddling me with respect from the God squad, you know? Well, you know, you have to keep your faith in bed. Yeah, right. Just like the survivors, all of a sudden, I've got, well, what about the hundred and fifty thousand people that didn't survive? Like all these prayer videos, who are they praying to? Do you understand that? Oh, no. Where was it that I said they had a big prayer vigil on the beach? Not down there, but somewhere over the weekend. They're praying for God to comfort the survivors. Oh, I see. Other than comfort the survivors of all those people that you let the crowker, maybe you caused the crowker, some people, if you just got washed away, just kind of like, what's your name? What that was your name? Natalie Wood. Oh. Yeah, she just got kind of went out with the wash, you know? Where was God when the tsunami is, is as you're struck? That's our pull question today. I got five choices for you, planning the outcome of football games. He must have been a lot of time doing that because all of these Josh men are always pointing up to the sky and without God's help, I could not, you know, Kurt Warner and that, that, that, that, by the way, I'm really worried about that game of this weekend, man. I'm really concerned about the, you know, I'm saying Josh, and you should be. I knew you'd say that. I know, I know this ain't kind of waffle when I got asked him a little bit. Did I, you think? It was kind of like, well, the dolphin, the, the dolphins. The pictures, the square lot of points and the, uh, Colts of square lot of points. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't. I got a little waffle there, Humper. But nevertheless, I got down to gambling, you know, it's tough. Oh, that's right. Well, that's true. That's the, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's the point that Hank approaches every game with an ace for it is the game, which is fine. I don't gamble on football because it's just, I mean, it's stressful enough when you were real fan of a team for me, at least, and if I had a big bet on the game, I, I think I probably croaked in the middle of the game. Oh, right. Where was God with the tsunami disaster struck? Maybe he was a plan in the outcome of the game on Sunday. I can only hope that he was on Tom Brady side because he sure looks a lot better than Sandy Peyton Manning. I'll tell you that. But would I, who did secondary? Hank's right about that. They've been, uh, faking their way through for weeks now, what had the pleaded secondary. And when you got like earth wind, morlin and, uh, try brown back there in, not to mention, uh, Randall Gay. Tending the outcome of football games on vacation. God was on vacation. It was that time of the year. Why did it was like Christmas New Year week, December 26, right? Though you know he might have been for the Christmas, everybody else was on vacation. God caused it to punish the infidels, which there are some fanatical, aluminum tips, Christians, especially saying that. God is the figment of man's creation, or there is only one God. There is only, there is only, like he said in the exercises, Father Miran, there is only one. Remember that? I like that. I don't know why I liked it, but it was just an interesting line. All we made some bad mistakes again over the weekend. It's like, Oofs factor again every time we had like a little military adventure. Oh yeah, like that. Oh, these guys, all these soldiers that drive from so called friendly fire. How can it be friendly fire? Can it be blows your crap away, right? That's a very interlighting thing. Yeah, like friendly fire. US raid hits wrong or wacky target. Oofs. And American air strike in the, can we remind of that Chinese embassy? Yeah, oofs. Yeah. That's probably hits them old maps. There was no maps or expensive itself. They don't give them out of the gas names anymore like they used to. And American air strike in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul is hit the wrong target. US military admits the bomb demolished the house in Ethiopia. Whatever the hell that is, Ata, killing 14 people according to local officials. The US said five of the local people said, ah, 14. The military said, this is my favorite. The military said it deeply regrets the loss of possibly innocent lives and promised an investigation. Just like the one in Abu Ghara, yeah, all I recognize are presumed guilty don't you know, because they attacked us. That's right. They should have done that. Even though we are trying to emancipate them with those very important elections coming up in 20 days. On January 30th. About 30 minutes. 30. Several thousand US troops have been sent to the Mosul every recently to help quality anti-U.S. Insurgency ahead of elections. That'll teach them. The BBC's gym viewer in Baghdad says the bombing incident is an embarrassing admission by US forces who have been accused of killing many civilians during recent military operations in Iraq, especially in the Suning with a Muslim city of Falugia in November. And then we had police chiefs who are going to hold much more dead people. That's all I can tell you today. I mean, why didn't go through it? Nobody cares anymore. Everybody's just a number out of pay for somewhere. And the Iraqis really made the number out because who cares about them anyway. Even though Freedom is John Amarich. We just don't care about them. It's much right over. Look at who's leaving the poll so far. Why the, where was God doing these tsunami? They'll come. They only, there's only. They'll come. Now let's get out of the nitty gritty show where should we do the break. Because what we get is, I just, I don't know why. And I'll say that for after the break. Let's say this one. You could tease it. Teased this. Mississippi Libraries banned the Daily Show book. Oh America grow up. Gulf port Mississippi. Library officials in two southern Mississippi counties have banned John Stewart's best-selling America to book. Over the historical textbooks, nude depictions of the nine US Supreme Court justices. I've been a library for 40 years. This is the only book I've rejected too. So strongly that I wouldn't allow it to circulate. So Robert Willitz, director of the Jackson George Regional Library System of eight libraries in Jackson George County. We're not an adult bookstore. Our entire collection is open to the entire public. Willitz said that if they had pub, I wonder if he's kind of Kathy Willitz. If they had published a book without that one picture, that one page, we'd had the book. Walmart, your friends at Walmart, had declined to stock the book because of this page, which features the faces of nine Supreme Court justices and Supreme folks over naked bodies. But we've got to get that. We'll put that on our website. We've got to have that immediate enough sooner. I have the book. So I can, I can, I can get it. Yeah, get it on there. No, are they? You have the book? I do. Willabi Dam. How about the book? The facing page has cut out to the justices' robes, complete with a caption asking we're just to restore their dignity by matching each justice with his or her respective robe. The book by Stewart and the writers of the Daily Show, the company sent to the one with all the Supreme Court's. The book by Stewart and the writers of the Daily Show, the company sent to the fake news program he host was released in September. It's been 15 weeks of the New York Times v. S. L. List for hardcover non-fiction. And was named Book of the Year by publishes, quickly, the industry tamed the trademark as a former English teacher, Tara Scullton, the version spring said the library shouldn't decide what's in court taste. It's just really seem kind of silly to me. She said, I don't think he's Supreme Court justice is a file that he defamation or character or label suits his humor. It's humor, lighten up your mugwumps and mississippi, okay? I have no idea. I think it's great. I think they find that guy they arrested that, what that was his name, the killing guy. Who's the killer? From Mrs. S. L. Bebebernings. Oh, that had the old, he's the right guy to tell by sitting on your old guy. Actually, yeah, probably that real crime lay bunch of redmix. Well, we've killed him. It'd better be painful. Yeah, sure, hope so. All right, let's volunteer to go down here and take him on the middle, but take him on the woods. It'd be good. What was that mob movie where they took the gun and the woods, a million, a million, a million, a million. Oh, it was crossing there. Well, I'm in my memories, we're just could be a good week boys in the world. I come on up here's our schedule for today. Yeah. Yeah, we're hearing this schedule and more is going. In fact, I think it sums it up better. Yeah. Just stay tuned and maybe I'll call out maybe now. We just don't know. I know this is the epitome of embarrassment. Look at all of those stories right after the break. 26 after 10 to 5, 60 WQIM. We got at 2 and then 4 and then it's 7. Well, it's coming up too. Right now, Scott, we're talking about acceptance capital mortgage. Everyone's main man, Anthony Kelliendo, whether you're buying a new house or just refinancing, looking to get cash out of this pain down your debt. Acceptance capital mortgage will show you the way to get it done and who don't like it and done. Acceptance capital specializes in any situation. They'll get it done. What else can't? How to present financing? Option arms, new construction loans, investor and commercial properties. Check out acceptance capital stress free mortgage payment program that lets you pick from 4 payment coupons based in your financial situation for that month with the pick-up pay program. No income verification is necessary. We sure am pick a good one. And your credit score doesn't determine your approval like all of the programs because at acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people. And most pick cases you can pull out cash pay off all your debts and still pay for less free mortgage payment every month. So call Anthony Kelliendo at acceptance capital 2 day and find out why he's just about everybody's main man. That's acceptance capital mortgage column today and get some cash called toll free 1-trival 8-4-A-3 loan. That's 1-8-8-4-A-3-L-O-A-N. Unficed 60% in an air. 5-8-1-Stay. You've heard us from fiber. We're 16 complete strangers. Double-living a remote island together. Well that's just the beginning. If you're using survivor, the dysfunctional celebrity series. Watch as America's favorite tabloids star. So if they have what it takes to survive together in a self-pacet-facet. A dysfunctional celebrity survivor. Pucinots of Liberty's Divide. So our 7-F. John Rocker. Holly Barry. Bobby Brown. Whitney Houston. And he's an alien gossolist. Kathy Lee Gifford. Mark Albert. Sean Puffy Cones. And many more. Two men. This job locker in Elion worked to make a bamboo raft. And then, hunts wild animals with an empty 9-millimeter pistol. Oh, I'm not eating no both. You eat him. Whitney Houston finds a new way to send smoke signals. Bobby needs an alb. And watches Haley Barry crashes the survivor's sandwich. Disfunctional celebrity survivor. Right after home of Vector. CBS tonight. Kind of some people say Haley Barry. And I remember Haley's comment and we'll be really Haley and the comments. I don't know. Haley Barry do. Yep. I know Barry Barry from all fall down with Warren Bady and Brandon Wildon and Carl Maldon and that big round nose. He was good Carl Maldon. Yes, he was. I'm a union like Streets of San Francisco because it was a cop. But he and Michael. See that was before Michael Lugliss decided he was a sex symbol and a genius and a all the stuff. I wish you like a better a lot better back then. When he was a little humble. Speaking of humble, here's how the polls come so far. Where was God when he sent on me disaster struck. Twenty two people say there was only God. God is a female in man's creation. Twenty. Tiny the outcome of football game. 16. God caused it for punish the infidels. 10. And on vacation. That's 71 votes. Didn't we also put one like God doesn't interfere. Sure. How do we word that? You know what you know I'm saying people say. Oh God. He just brought you well. Huh? That was a natural event. So what does that have to do with God? It was an edge of what they did with that. How can he not have anything to do with it when he's omniscient? He knows everything it's going to happen. I had a time. How can he not have anything? You see that's a cop out. You can't have it both ways. Or anything. If this God or any one of these thousands of gods that have been invented by man over the years. If one of these gods exists, then they knew a head of time what was going to happen. So it's part of God. The word is always its part of God's plan. Right. When you know what I'll pass. I'll take a pass on God's plan. I'll stick with. Thank you. The price is right. Don't cost me nothing. And I don't have any bad evil plans for anybody. Even the evil doers. I just, you know, my mouth business. So let's pull on on there. That's his God doesn't interfere. Okay. With nature. That's the deists point of view. Okay. God doesn't interfere with nature. Yeah. He's just watched. He's there. He's watching. He's this maid. Or maybe he's like laughing his ass off. I don't know. Oh look at all the little humans get washed away and drown in and die. Oh no. I've often felt that maybe if there were such a thing as a God, he's like a Semistic bastard. Just a hateful miserable piece of crap. Because that's certainly the kind of God that the Jews in the Glenn invented. This wrathful hateful. His wrath shall wax hot. Well, how can he be perfect? And he's got his wrath is waxing hot. And speaking of waxing by the way, how's your rose doing? Now, I'm serious that this mad dog thing is getting really. Can we just move to clock day to like about 145? Right. I mean, just because the suspense is killing me and the audience too, I'm sure. Here's a future pole suggestion that we aren't going to take. It says though you've already done a similar one here. We have. It says the timing to him is right. What past personality would you like to see back at QAM? For real? Sweet. It says default, stern, fill that's been my votes. What is that? Very. What would we do that? All right. And these those people come and back? No. So what would be the point? I mean, no. We're not that selfish. We'd like pole suggestions for not that one. WQA and hello. QAM? Neil. Yes, sir. God was at the big blowout after Christmas sale at Walmart. Could have been. That's right. He knows he's been here's a good bargain when he sees one man. Oh, God. He means you as she probably can get it wholesale. Yeah, man. Never going Neil. You too, pal. God traps at Walmart. Another good reason not to go there. WQAM, hello. Okay. I'm going to act to take somebody. He's going to lie nine. QAM, hello. QAM. QAM. I'm Neil. Okay. Let's get to somebody's stories. No, seriously, about what's going on with QAM because this is I've saved it till right now because I'm sure a lot of people weren't familiar with the fact we were starting to attend today. It's going to take a while. How many weeks? About 30 minutes. So spread the word everybody. Run around with a sandwich board on your ass. So say me, a Roger's back to ten to two on QAM. Let's see. Rick says you forget the obvious sentence that they pulled today. God was in George Bush's back pocket. Ah. Okay. No, no thanks. Don't put that on there, no. Don't rush. Josh, Josh is the a closer going to kick the patriots ass next week. I think that's what you're thinking. You don't want to say it quite that way, but I think that's what you feel. And it could be right. You are right about that. I think you're going down. Well, we lost to a powerhouse like the dolphins. So you never know. Actually, the Patriot performance, the last, I don't know, last four or five games hasn't been really up to snuff. Even though they won all the dead dolphin game. But they just, I don't know. They're, they're outstanding, but they're not like they were. Well, look, when a team is battered up in that all kinds of injuries. See, it's always good to make a lot of excuses ahead of time. Or whole second there is battered and you've got to go to throw us 80,000 touchdown passes and scores a big end points and how to how to help. But they play well against to the course. They do. I'm right. I'm right. Merlite of opening game this season wasn't that the opening game when they beat him. I believe. Yeah, I believe so. So you got to believe. Anyway, we'll see. It ought to be pretty good. I think that Jack's target game was good the other night. Did you stay up and see that? I did overtime. Man, that was good. Then that kid misses the 38 or nine-layer field goal over time. That was, oh man. Come on. What is that? Well, it was that. You got to kick those baby back in a day when they were like all those fat-led slums like Lou de Toe, Grosio for the Browns and Don Cockroft. Can we see that? I mean, those guys wouldn't miss a 39-yard field goal over time. Like a chip shop. Get out and hear a kid. It should be a freebie. And then I loved the way that they showed the picture. Who was televised? That was it's Adam Rember. CBS or Fox. And they showed the picture of the kid. First of all, they showed him on a sideline. It really strange. He looks like the spacer planted. He was our little kid. And they showed the picture at least it's supposed to be his picture and got his name next to it, whatever the kid's name was. And it turns out it was the field rule. Kicker was a Jim O'Brien from the jets. Did you catch that? No. Or was somebody else better wasn't him when they showed the picture. Anyway, they make mistakes. And if I hear Al Michael's talk about the bull one more time, or Phil Simms about the sideline, the sideline. Oh, God Phil Simms is the anti-Christ. I hate him. I hear his voice. I want to like kill somebody. Anyway, here we go. Get ready. If you miss these incredible stories over the weekend, there were more than these, but I'll stick to these two. Angry about new contract, managed considers 790. Oh, my God. That would be the worst event in the history of the human race. Worst in WWII, worse than the tsunami, be the worst event in the history of mankind. When you agree? It'd be bad. It'd be bad if that happened. I know why it's happening. And that again is because of Joyce, Joyce, who in partnership with certain other individuals that we don't need to actually even mention by name. Break, yeah. See, he pretends to make deals with people. Then Joyce and other cohorts over there at corporate beastly headquarters and labels. Then they like start rewriting the contract. Oh, well, we want everybody to sign this. Well, guess what, honey? The chance on a scale of a million to an annun. Less than none. And he's not going to sign it either. The same crap they tried to force me to sign. Anyway, here's the story. Who wrote this? Very Jackass. And would you know the very Jackass to be the one guy that I take of that? In between peanut butter and Maloney and the T-San wedges. By the way, that's trade-bearing, the low knee and cheese. Okay, you're going to burn in hell. You little piece of turd. Did you ever see him? No. Oh, God. You know, he's to call himself the couch potato. If anybody is the couch potato, it's very Jackass. And I do believe Mommy still drives into work every day at the world. The WDQM soap opera continues to turn out to prizes very rights on Saturday. A day after reaching an agreement in principle to remain at WDQM gym managers again, considering an offer from a 790 ESPN radio. Oh, my God. After taking issue with a contract, the WQM drew up an easy to understand Mad Dog. Don't sign it. Manage who on Thursday to Saturday to host a 4 to 7 p.m. Talk show beginning Monday today. Said WDQM on Friday gave him a 19 page owner risk very restricted document that surprised me and there's no resemblance to the shorter document of operate on the past eight years. All I can say that is did all try to pull the same crap with me. There is no reason why anybody, like I said with any talent, any self respect is going to sign and owner risk document like that. That gives them, I mean, they can fire you like for a have a hang there. No reason. Right. If they wake up cranky in a morning, they look at your cross side or the other way around your fire did it. You know, which is a hell of a way to treat the talent. See, I hate to break the news to you, Joyce, but people don't listen to you, come for the Joyce Fitz show for the great red show for the water not to show for the Bruce Beasley show for the Carolyn Beasley. They tune in for the talent. And I realize we may be a pain in the ass, but the fact that the matter is all these mistakes that have been made, which got for rail and how we're certain the talent didn't make those decisions we had done to do with that. So why did you put those things in the contract of your management? There are the people that have been screwing to deal up and jeopardizing the station's license anyway. Man did city would not report. This is the part that, and very serious that we still have the schedules. Just got a big question mark on a page. Man did city would not report to his new ship, Monday, but we'll show up to do the 2PM show that his court contracts stipulates how our David had been scheduled to work that 2 to 4 shift beginning today with high gover switching to more in 7 to 10, which of course did happen. That potentially could leave 2 people reporting for the same shift at 2PM today and an opening to fill up 4PM. Whoever heard in a history of this business, whoever heard such madness, ESPN radio is 790, mean was expected to continue according to the mandate. If he goes to 790, mandatory main, the dolphins radio analyst of the team moves its games from QM is widely expected. He would also do a talk show probably at early afternoon. Man, this has been the dolphins radio analyst for the past 13 years, but it's unlikely 790 officials would agree to allow new games on their station and a talk show on QM. So I mean you stop and think about it. They're jerking him around, which they should have said a limousine with a new contract. They should have said a right to the door and something I up there okay with a gold plated pen and said here Mr. Mad Dog, sign right here. It's the same deal we've had before with a lot more money. You're going to do 4 to some and that's it. And get it over with already. And that's it. I'd like to try to torture the troops is what you're doing over there. Joyce, you're torturing the troops you lunatic. You maniac. Pack it up and go back to Virginia or Maryland. We're going to hang your front before it's too late. Joyce, you're killing all of us. You're the ghost that laid the golden egg or she's killing it. Whatever the house she is. Of course, you know what Joyce says. You can't pass up a goose. Oh, John. I know exactly when he's going through, man. See Greg, he tells you one thing. We got a daily chase your ears and everything's all set. And then come time to sign and he plays hide and seek runs away. Because over there in corporate, they got different ideas. Oh, yeah. They got to protect themselves. They got to cover their ass after all in a state said they've been making. And so as a result, the rest of us have to like put our ass out there like right in a firing line. Okay. Well, there's one of the short, like, on Monday morning and they can shoot us is what it's said. They feel like it if they have a bad bowl of grits in the morning or something that rhymes with grits. So if they had those two, then we just show up and they can shoot us. That's about how ridiculous it is. The most acidized and most restricted, the most outrageous, the most, the most, the most, the the most, the hideous pile of crap that I ever heard in my life. And I've already been through it, like I said, the my whole vacation was spent with phone calls, hysterical, normal, Kent and joy space in us when back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and back and back and back and back and back and back. And we'll please don't send the signing bonuses back. We want to get you. If you want to get it done, then do it in the first place instead of playing his dog and pony game. Okay. We don't deserve that. I'm going to tell you right now, there are three people, basically, as far as the audience is there are three people that this radio station is all about. The O'Rajers, Jim Manage, Hank Goldberg, those are the three. And if everything else is not to knock anybody else, but everything else is window dressing. Okay. Is there anything to debate about that? That's QAM right, freaking there right in front of your face, Joyce. Bitch. Hey, horse racing fans and poker players. Pomp and a park racing and poker is your place to be for great gambling action. Pomp and a park feature is free admission, feed general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, like today, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon, live racing gets underway nightly at 725 p.m. In fact, don't slap out a way to pump me, thanks grab up to Pomp and a park. And plunge your guts out. Don't forget every Monday night, there's a two for twenty five dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft your soda hot dogs and more at the track. And best of all, my personal favorite, the first Monday of every month is free spaghetti tonight. Now that was last Monday. Not tonight, don't go there tonight looking for your free me because it's the first Monday of every month. Free spaghetti tonight. Pomp and a park harness is also open every day for simultaneous night's week with the best in a harness racing through a bread and a high-eye action product restaurant to America. Feed a watch and plunge your lungs on. Pomp and a park a block set of Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road for the new racing schedule. Go online at pomp and a park dot com or call them at nine five four nine seven two two thousand don't forget. Poker our room is open a noon today post time for the first race at Pomp and a park seven twenty five and a p.m. The first week in New York. That's exclusive one. What's it? Don't forget. Don't forget. You can't move a piece of meat. All my time. Is I wrong? By the way, sir, I've been given it some course. So what do you think it is? I know that me and you get a new much better go with six to dead and not. And not it by a gentile in the cranky tool. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You know how to have your wee wee bag. Fast on to time. No chance I'm always show with you. And I grab a dive with a grab each and just... Sorry, I'll help you so much. I'm about to get through the book when I need to. I've been with you. I am really party but you're not by time. Me and my will just have to grow. The way that is we have a fight. The truth survive. Hold on, I hear a genetile. And push inside. That's gravity to get out. And start your story so much. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. And so what you and me for me is much better since the 10 not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight. I think we might. We happy to get day one more slept. Have we stood again? One more. What can we be? One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. Ten forty nine eleven me four eleven and five sixty W.M. where we don't know which side is up and who's on first. Anyway, here's a fast that says this is from chip. In a conversation with my oldest daughter, the Baptist pastor's wife. I explained that New Year's Eve was no celebration. This past December 31st because of the sadness of over 150,000 women and children swept away from the tsunami the week before. I asked her where her God was that day and she explained that God is given a world over to man and doesn't control these events and everything is perfect only in the afterlife with God. I answered that on the day of the tsunami disaster. Her God was a perfect. Cool. How do you like that? Excellent job, Chip. You're right on your chip off the old block. And if we add that other one about God doesn't interfere. I don't think we ended that. Did we? Josh. No, it's on it. It is. Is it? God doesn't interfere with nature. It's not on my hand. I'm telling you right now. I'm looking. I feel so much better about that game next week because whatever you say you're full of crap. Okay. That's the second time I know in two shows that you like didn't enter it. No, no. Last time I didn't submit it. Right. We'll be looking at it in the options. Well, guess what? I got five options here in the same five we started with. How about you, George? The same five I hit to do. Yeah. I hate to break the news. You missed your computer expert. But I think there's like a cheater when you're woodpile. I better check your pile. I refreshed it all. Bunch is her. Yeah. I did too. I thought that maybe it was me. It's always me being the old computer leader with farce and I am. But I'm not too bad on it. Anyway, two bad speaking old farts. We can't play that thing. Right now we're going to put that on our website. Good. I think they're great. It's short and sweet. Yeah. It's great. Oh, guys. We got all kinds of videos on there. I didn't even realize which I didn't think we were doing that anymore. We got John Stewart on Crossfire, which is old but that's cute. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's a little bit different. It's like, they'll go. At 2 a.m. and move the mornings. Joel Feinberg, the president and CEO of Primetime Media Group, which owns ESPN Radio, and rest-goldberg's moved Thursday. We had this code for him Friday, but it bears repeating. He said, if the hammer is going to run from Dan LeBasterdance to God, so things he can get ahead start on Joe Rose by starting at 7 a.m. and the big dog will get unleashed at 7 a.m. They asked me what it would take to get me to come over and they made a significant officer said, Goldberg has been crowning Dan LeBasterd show on ESPN radio in the Nielsen trends. It's not Nielsen trends Jim Sarnine. Nielsen does television, not radio. You silly old grizzle fart, man. He's exactly what I'm telling you. He is. He wouldn't know a rating book of you is stuck in up his fat ass. In the Nielsen trends. There were some dialogue. This is so cute. In other words, they're trying to say that Hank moved the morning because he's running away from the stiff competition Dan LeBasterdance to God, which is the biggest joke at a century. And on the meantime, they were offered Hank before to 7 slot. There were some dialogues at Alan Brown, Vice President of Communication for ESPN. That's all we want to say. Of course it's all you want to say because it's embarrassing because you look even more stupid than you did before. Thank God, you got it for you that you got us for competition. You got us that doesn't know who's going to be on it to a clock today. Whoever heard us as a thing, it's 10.53 in a morning. You know where your announces are and you know what they're going to be on? And how about her low? Even if it is um, and that's really is he's been to everybody. I mean, who now wants to drive all the way down from Boka to be there to a clock when come to find out maybe he's going to be doing 4 to 7. Right? Right? Because if Mandog see legally they have not allowed to stand on. Because if it's correct contract, cause from the dude 2 to 4 and he hasn't signed the new deal, he'll do 2 to 4. If he wants, if he wants to play old country hardball is Joe Dodgiole would say back in the day, old country hardball. And he will. Don't sign it, Mandog. It'll cave if they haven't already. That bitch's doing so. They'll be on a phone like they were with me with my lawyer. Oh, well, we went, well, what do we need to do to get the meal of the sign? What do we, well, we, we don't send those checks back right. See, they really believe that they can force us. They can coerce us, they've worked like all desk rotos. They couldn't find another job if our life depend on it. And the meantime, every all three of us have been corded by other institutions. Okay, organizations. You don't know what you got until you lose it. Ralph Dinos said that you better get a Jewish. They can eat a Jewish. Joyce come lately. See, that's another thing. She comes trotting in there in the middle of a whole situation. Has got any ID who's on first looked at a whole place is all about what the inside of radio station looks like. Yeah, she would know already again if you're stuck right under desk and turned it on for her. Where was God when they tsunami disaster struck over 150,000 people died for no reason at all? 182 votes. There's only. They'll God. 61 said that. God is a fingerprint of Mand's creation 58. 10 he was paying the outcome of football game 36. Please say a brothel for Tom Brady. God. Oh God. God caused it to punish the infidels 21. That's right. Back in the biblical times, that's what they all used to think. Oh, the God was. Yeah. He is wrath. That's why we had to take it to the low-fist and we had hurricane. Right. And we had tsunamis and we had sorrows. So we had all these things because God was punishing man. And there was a bunch of innocent people gotten away too bad. And all those pending the innocent and vice-standards. All throughout history, they've been a real children of wood pile. Good thing people don't believe that crap anymore. Let's see. God was on vacation for and God doesn't interfere with nature suddenly. Pots up, hunters got a pair. Let's take some calls all the way out of huge pile. I got a big pile. They were back to 10 to 2. This much we know. The big ol. Oh. 5 to 7. He's really Brock solid. 5 to 7. 2 bad hand can't have a bit of lead in. But that's what we got. Thanks 7 to 10. We're back to 10 to 2 starting today. And the spy reports are probably well. He might still be on for all we know. I'm not Palm Beach on the bus. We'll find out. He's gone from QA. And then tour clock your guess is good as mine. And it's almost 11 o'clock in the morning. We still have no schedule. We have no worry. We have no announcement. We have nothing. It's what we got. WQA and more our motto is. We got squad. You're listening to Neil Roger. You're going to look like a starman by my snass. QA and... You! Another thing. You're the loser of A. You're going to be the big star. Bye. Okay. That's a little fix. We've got a voice. I need to get it away. A little guilty. We'll see if you can. I think I can. I think I can. I think I can. What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What do I do? I play not me. I want to die. I want to die. You're a picture of me. No, no, no, no. You're a picture of me. You're a poor man. You're a poor man. Why you were a smack you. Then I know my smell would track you. But unlike that you, you still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And what did you do with that? And why you are still not by the... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... It's just... Most of us know that we're back in our daily life now. We think we're not exactly sure where we're going to... Pondominus away from post time until we're clocking. We still have no idea which horses are in the race. So call me a Jockeys room. Let's see, God and Miami rights. This is God about my tsunami, my bad. Well thanks for, you know, you screwed up. God seems to continue doing it. But that's another good choice for the fool. Josh just should... You know, get Ron or right away I'm sure after whatever you didn't do before. That's right. Yeah. God keeps screwing up. Okay. How's that? I mean, we could... You know, God is... But then God keeps screwing up. Or God screwed up again. However you want to put it on there. Okay, let's just... This is long as you get sonner and some form would be nice. Okay, let's take three, four thousand calls today because this is a real... ...fian-meste at the beastly as you've gotten us into. Come any QAM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, you know, I heard you... ...you know, the station is really... ...if they switched mad dog out of there and they put him over on 790. We're still gonna listen to him. We're just gonna switch over to the station and build his out. Right. Of course. I heard it. If they lose him and it often, I think the party's overman turned out to light. Well, what's in him for you, but I mean, I can't imagine what else I... ...turned in and was to for him. Right. I heard you talking earlier about still last minute. You make guys work in construction. I saw him on TV. Where in a hard batch? There last minute. Yeah. Maybe there was a red thing, something. Okay, maybe. 5...5...6...7...0...5...60... ...pound...5...60 on... ...thick for rising... ...yeah, I do. And singular wireless line. I remember. Line 9...QAM, hello. Hola. Hola. All right. Yeah. That catch it. Thanks, sir. Okay. Thanks a lot. Call him up in the... ...ask him for a date. WDQAM, hello. I do. I think you don't want to have a fly. Yes sir. What's going on? How you doing, pali? Hey, the day the tsunami, the darkness plane, Gulf of O.J. It maybe was in our God. The QM charity government. That could have been it. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. We...okay. We get the other one on there. God doesn't interfere with nature 18. Yeah. That's a good excuse. God keeps screwing up just went on there. 206 votes. The God squad. You know, this is when you're going to have to answer for why do these horrible things happen to... ...to obviously innocent people that were just around the beach just trying to have a... ...life innocent. There are Muslims and Buddhists. Oh, I forgot. That's right. They had the wrong hit year-round. Maybe that was a lot of Westerners. They don't have like a little bit of a nice beany zone. They get for patronizing. I got a great story about the Kabbalah leader. Sixers are our rat-to-type. Your, you know, your pace are too long. Well, all the other crap. I blow to a dirty set. Oh, God. It's just so...oh, an SEO guy. They'll go! Good. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Well, I enjoyed the first installment of Hammer and Ancient of Morning. It sounded really good. But I also enjoyed the two thumbs that they had to come hang this morning on. They did? They did twice, as he said. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Okay. Well, if they attempted there, let's not have an interview play. Okay. Although it is a sports thing. I think the audience should understand that certain sports individuals are... ...around a building. I think I've discovered the scuddle butt. I'm Friday. We're running around going. Oh, see, this is great that they're putting a hand corner in a morning. We're getting rid of stern. This has to be a pure sports station. The only thing I would like to point out to them, I don't want to mention Ray Perry by name or anybody else. Because Ray's basically pretty good guy, but definitely see the thing of it is Ray. As the dolphins go across the street, you think they're going to keep you around just going up Marlin tickets? I don't think that's going to work out Ray. I mean, Phil cost in at least understood what Ray was all about, including non-sports radio. Remember those days? I do. I mean, if I had the twos between Phil cost and Ray Perry, no content. Now that's bad. I shouldn't be saying that. If I had signed that new deal, I'd say, you want to be the sign. I could be fired right now for saying that. Right. For disrespecting these sports fraternity establishment there. But that was the general scuddle butt, I guess, is that you see, this is what happens when QAM tried to do something. They're all the way. I would point out very quickly that the top rated two on his radio station, which you're listening to right now for the last seven years, is it's only non-sports show? Oh, no. Only a very limited kind of human being would consider such a thing of possibility. Now I'll say it again. If sports were the verometer, if anything, was the subject matter, then the fan would kick the ass, then our effects, fox, stupid sports 940 would have come over and heard it. Both of which, which, which, in peace by the way, are both long gone. And like I said last week, seven, 90 has got no story, man. They got your rose. That's it. They got him. He is the whole station. People listen because of the strength of the personality. He's a listen for a hank, they listen for the man dog. And if that were the, I mean, why have you wasted my time going through it? It's a radio 101. And these people are too stupid to understand that. These sports nerd, jack sniffing goofballs, lifeless losers that we got running around there. Very sad. So I hope everything works out for you, Ray. 560, 560, pound 560 on me, Verizon, singular wild son. You're pretty so he's going to start hitting this as much as many builders. WWE QAM, hello. Hi, the hot gray with you, that's the field. Okay, Reverend Jones, get lost. WWE QAM, hello. He's doing bad voices, lovin' on. Lightly. WWE QAM, hello. Thank you, and hello. Uncle Leo, God. Yes, sir. You know, from an advertising perspective, trying to place advertising on a station with all this screw up, I mean, definitely ever talks about that. Yeah. And it's impossible. Once a part of time, you know, when you would be off in Georgia's on, I didn't know George was on. Yeah, the rate was the same, and my good friend, I would say, oh yeah, by the way, he's not going to be here this weekend. And now that I got to know George, it's like, okay, no problem. That's the same rate. But now you have absolutely no idea, forget the station. Rates don't change, you don't know who's going to be where. Right. And of course, they don't share that with anybody ahead of time. Well, how about the maintenance works where people are running when, uh, a steering show and this show are like that overlap when he was going on to like to 11 o'clock on 15, 10, 55. Uh, who the hell do you know who's foster running where? Yeah, if you owe that, you never know. You never get in. They give you an invoice at the end of the month. They say, uh, it's a spot for them within 15 minutes of these times. Right. And, you know, for those of us in the, uh, well, the name was facing this business. Trying to make a living, right? Hey, trying to have a few shackles to rub together. Uh, you know, it's, it's, it's really an issue. Yeah. And you try to place, and we don't go through an agency. We try to place, you know, X amount with, with you, X amount with thanks here and there. And nothing shows up where it's supposed to know what you know what's going on. You know, the question, they, you know, they plea the ignorance as well. Well, I think you're going to be sent to your a special message. It's going to say, just sent us the F and money is what it's going to say. They've got into, they've got into, they've got to expect. They've got to, they've got to suspect, they've got to do the business to send in the money and, uh, if you run, uh, sublessing, you know. They've got a big rights, they've got that. I, I, I, I do have to say thank you to George for the, uh, for the positive floor governor, uh, bubble. Uh, have a good day. OK, Palo U too. to. Okay, vinyls are what drugs? I think he said bubbles. Oh, bubbles. Bobbles, bubbles, bubbles, vinyls and beads. Five, six, seven, mong, y'know? I mean, they screwed the audience around what they did to our audience there for four months, four and a half months. And I kept trying to tell him, I didn't realize that in the beginning because they just jumped right into what was, uh, with both legs. And we were really given any choice. It was already after the fact. And oh, well, you're going to be following Howard Stern. Oh, it's your best leaving ever. Well, that's all well and good. But number one, when are we starting? Number two, how's the audience supposed to know when to show starts? They don't have any concept of what a talk shows all about about the fact that especially this while we have like a little bit of a format in the first 20 minutes or so, where we like, uh, you know, get everything lined up for the day? No, they don't understand that at all. And our general manager, what was he concerned about? Oh, he was worried about the fact that if we cut Howard off at 10, Howard's listeners would be wondering all day what they missed after 10 o'clock. He was worried about our listeners on a science way to show. He didn't give a crap about me or this audience. And did I say that about a thousand times? About two or three thousand times in the first few weeks? Yeah. The people that made them all that money. They didn't care about the Howard Stern listeners. They'd be worried the whole rest of the day about what they missed after 10 o'clock. Oh, cracker, please give me a break. Cool, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, right. blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Uh, ducky, uh, whatever, you know, and of course Robin would have citlady news. I'm not, I'm not, I'm putting them down or anything like that. They're making millions of dollars. But the fact that a matter is that this whole deal has been so many, I mean, it was one thing when there were the changes going on. But now it's like gone beyond that to the progress like like an explosion. It's like a nuclear holocaust in a human on a QA. Right? Am I right? It's something as well. One thing that I kept shuffling different morning shows and then this one moved to this time and for well was on for five minutes. But now it's like everything is just a state of total chaos. When a state of flux, flux, that's with an L. Joyce has in flux you, honey. Man, I keep using that line. When does one toe come down and hit the ground? What do we have a little bit of stability? Because consistency is what the audience wants. They want to know if I turn on my radio at a certain time, who the hell's going to be on? Well, somebody I like beyond. They want to know if I put my commercials like the last guy said, if I pay a good hard earned money to buy a spot, he's going to be on the show that I think I'm buying. Am I going to get a maintenance switch? Get with it. Lock it in, you know? Remember that car we used to have lock it in? What was that? I don't know what that was. Huh? Don't know. You know the one I mean, I do. Followed a chapter 11 at 5 and 60 and WQA and bring in the new year with a new car truck from the folks that Armstrong Ford home city, even putting off buying anything maybe, but now don't wait any longer because for a limited time only, get 0% financing on into the following new old five and stock ready for immediate delivery if not sooner. Escape, free start, tourists, F superduty Harley Davidson trucks, and the all new Ford 500. If you want more than how about a 1.9% financing on all new, all 5 expeditions, explorers, F 150s and rangeers too. Certain restrictions apply. The locks that Armstrong Ford homes that are jam packed in their cutting prices right now and is always the offering more value because when you buy your Ford for Marmester on Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct tires and batteries for life. Plus for a limited time, you get a free start pass too. David Rich in the gang at Armstrong Ford homes that guarantee you the best price and don't forget because they're locally owned in that part and don't feed you just like family to try to make you a customer for life. So they guarantee it, but your rate peries life on it, you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch, no phone ideals, no BS, no games with your keys, your credit cards, just honest to goodness fantastic on beatable deals every time. At Armstrong Ford home estate, you'll find him at 307 25, South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 36, check him out of the web if you like at Armstrong cars.com, but then drive you with a little and save thousands on your new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of home estate. And five seconds to eight and... Second in and hold it. From the producers of American Idol, comes a heartwarming collection of favorites in America's sweetheart Gary Shybo. Of course you must have seen. Look at she smile. That's very serious. Every child old, live from room to room. 24 teams see the registration available from the sub-identress. Yes, some of those might have been very shy, but she can really belt it out. I'm sure it was Eric. It went like that. 11 17 at 5.60 WQAM. We still don't have no idea who's going to be out of two o'clock today. I'm not lying to you. If I'm lying, you're done. 4 CBS employees were fired today. Following the release of an independent investigation into a 60-month Wednesday story. Remember that story that turned out it was really accurate, but they wanted to get everybody in trouble and get them rather fired than that. The score is not the only way to win the Danny Boy off the year in March. Anyway, about President Bush's military service that we're on for documents, but CNN is on their website, but even as we speak right now, come to find out they still don't know whether the documents were forged or not or if they're the authentic original ones. And nevertheless, they forget that the secretary of the General or whoever was on it. Remember saying, oh yeah. That's exactly how we felt. That's exactly what happened. So it'll confuse the public with the truth. Once again, the right wing's spin machine spins out of control. The network fired Mary Mape's. I wonder if she's kind of like Joe Mape's that Honest Driver from North Philadelphia. Producer of the report, Josh Howard executive producer of the 60 minutes Wednesday, and his top deputy Mary Murphy and senior vice president Betsy West. Dan rather than the anchor of the CBS even news deserved as the stories correspondent, Nonston November he'd be stepping down from his anchor posted March. Rather than not mention the controversy when he was in an announcement, but all of us know that's what's behind it. That was the Chigra to Woodpile right there. According to a CBS statement, an independent panel appointed by the network concluded that CBS news failed to follow. Basically if you're in a list of principles in putting together the peace with your sub-temporary, the failure was compounded with a rigid and blind defense of the report the statement continued. The panel which was led by former attorney general Richard Thorne Burr, Republican Apprentices, and former APP president Louis Bucardi, who makes a hell of a rum, added that despite accusations of political bias against CBS, the panel cannot conclude that a political agenda at 60 minutes Wednesday, Growee of the timing, or the earring of the segment or its content, still the bottom line is that much of the September 8 broadcast was wrong, incomplete, or unfair, less moon-based co-president CBS purifier comes in the statement, oh I'm saying the firing is a short time ago. So we got some scapegoats, you know how that goes, don't you? Oh that's a decent scapegoat, take to fall. And of course nobody should take him to fall because there was nothing right in his door. But nevertheless, 560, 560, pound-560 on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line, 2 hours and 40 minutes from now somebody will be on the ear to a clock. That's the best we can tell you. Nobody who am hello. Nobody know that. Somebody might be on the ear to a clock. Hello. Hello. Thanks for your generosity, Neil. I want for the poll if you do the guide list is testing a test or how compassionate the conservatives are. That's all I got. Okay well, see. So he's got. They don't have much money on his Monday, the audio. No, no. They're not building a poll or anything today and watch the him anything to say about all of these things going on here at QM. We've got them they're desensitized to it now, right? It goes on so much and so often I'd like their numb, like, oh gee, me, I have no idea who's going to be on it too. This for real is this. Is this some kind of a silly, a master radio doing for us to like entertain and to relate the audience? No, I only wish I could say a word. Oh no. Here it is. Got my snap rag over here. Careful. It looks just like a regular hanky, but it's not. I see. That's what's going on. I would have to dry heat. You know, I keep telling you about. I'll let her in issues. Oh yeah, it's said that's how they're winter sucks. Now, baby, this story, this story is amazing. BBC executives were under guard, said, at night, under guard after the controversial show, Jerry Springer, the opera was aired on BBC 2. A. The corporation said that we see threats from individuals who objected the program's black cement content. It is believed that role-a-keating, who's no kind of role-a-keating and you don't know who that is, the controller of BBC 2 and Jan Abbeneth, the director of television, among those who have been given private security guard protection. A BBC spokesman said, executive families have been subjected to a large number of abusive and unpleasant calls. Private telephone numbers of those concerned were posted on the campaign groups website, which was later taken down following legal action by the BBC. The corporation refused about a religious groups which had demanded the show not be here. You go, boys, over there at the beam. A record number of complaints 40,000 were made part of the show going up. Critics say the opera features more than 8,000 swear words and portrays Jesus in a nappy admitting that he's a bit gay gay. Tory deputy leader Michael and Cram, during the criticism. He said, you can choose to go to the theater. You can decide what you want to pay someone to go to see something. That is where you go to see freedom of expression. But BBC director General Mark Thompson said that as a practicing Christian, he found nothing and showed that he believed to be blasphemous. Wow. An hour long program is going out in front of it, putting it to the context and making it very very clear to the public that it doesn't include a great deal of strong language. The opera which plays to pack houses in the West End contains a total of 3,068 efforts and 297 c words as in C you next time or as in well. There are more than one c word. It had a, it's a bit of tell the abrisse about that. The total number of send these is calculated by multiplying the number of swear words, but the number of people singing them. Okay. That is the greatest line I think have ever read in my life. The total number of the send these is calculated by multiplying the number of swear words by the number of people singing them. So if we added some by the moment tabernacle choir, you can only begin to imagine. Prayer group Christian voice held a vigil outside BBC television center in Woodland, West London of protest. All of that discussing that profanity and vulgarity and blasphemy. It's disgraceful man. I'd tell you what's obscene is these religious nuts because the religious people are the crazy people they're never forget about. You can't say that. The more religious the crazier they are. And as far as the fundamentalism and what they are, Muslims Christians, Jews, Buddhists, whatever they are. They're all crazier in a bed bug. They'll never forget it. I'm not talking to you, even. Where was God when the tsunami disaster is struck in 150,000 innocent people got washed away and worse. God is a fragment of man's creation 88 people said that. There is only... Beal God! Maybe two people said that we got a little battle going on between me and man. Find the outcome of football games is what God is doing. He was doing that 53 and of course a lot of ball games coming up that weekend, right? Right? God doesn't interfere with nature 32. God caused it to punish the infarals 24. God's always punishing everybody. In course, like I said, he's got bad aim. And sometimes a whole bunch of innocent people get in the way they get blown away too. Wrong place, wrong time to bad you did. God was on vacation five. And of course it was definitely vacation time to 726. In an enormous number of those people who died, especially like him, who kept were on vacation. Right? And God keeps scrolling up three, he said that. As we continue trying to understand, the wicked ways of the Lord. He did. In fact, that was one of the lines I think either Bush one or Clinton used on a King Show last week that one night, asking that question where was God? Well, he does work in mysterious ways. What is that? What that was that supposed to mean? How about a cop out? Talk about a stupid ass idiotic mindless answer. Right? So why you go into church then if they don't know the answer? Well, the somebody's got to fill the bucket man. They've got to make a big buck. Also, what that is. It's a scam going. Somebody's got a subsidizer. 26 after 11 o'clock, we got to come up at 2 and then at 4. Stay tuned for that. This is the first time in my life. In 75 years I've been doing this the first time I've sat down. We don't have a program schedule for the rest of for any of the day. I had even asked to find out if the big was on the smurf. It's so much fun because it was in very Jack Ass column and Barry's got his head right to the old The black dome asked to the building. He's got his head in it. And Hank, we knew already seven to ten although you couldn't be sure the way things were going. Us, I've said you want to think about this show. Now we are rock solid. Right? And then it's all this other chaos. Oh yeah. 10 to two. It's in there in this time it's in writing. Not nine to one. Not 10 45 to a whatever the hell somebody feels like it. And then it's a 10 to two period. That's the time to show us. It's in there in there in gold. Gold leaf. Gold leafs go. 26 past 11. How's that hockey season coming by the way? Any interest. Okay. And they're not going to have one either because the board of governors mean it was scheduled for this week. They said, my father, nobody's talking about anything. So let's cancel this. Okay. I mean you guys care about hockey. What? No. Even here. Even in the world capital. The hotbed of hockey. No. But he gives a crap. They're just their tighter. They're worn out. If you're worn out because you're in less than 50 grand a year, here's the chance to do something about it. If you do earn a peanut, send it time for a career change. Pick up the phone call our friends at fast train right now at 1, 8, 6, 6, fast train. Fast train can have you trained already for a great new high paying career and his little four months shouldn't be a hot shot like so direct. Fast train offers high demand, high pay career training. If you like computers, if you ever dreamed of becoming a computer network professional call fast train today at 8, 6, fast train. And don't forget that the man for computer professionals is an all-time high and fast training every training ready for that new career as little as I said only moments ago as four short months. And fast train's got locations all over town. So there's bound to be one close by you. They're in Kendall Miami, Pembroke Pines and for Lauderdale. And fast train offers job placement and financial aid for those who qualify too. They evening and weekend classes at fast train are forming right now. So get off that dead end job. Get yourself a real career and some big bucks that go along with it. Call fast train. 1, 8, 6, fast train. a few small seniorney's officers alert and melons, a Noose1 is broadcast. stars like o provoking Otto I'm treating on you with your beautiful mother. You love her, I love her, both hearts are all shared with you. Jerry Springer, the opera, the stage spectacle that Aino virtue of a fat lady gets hit over the head with a folding chair. You think you fall back, both you and her! The world's sleazyest talk show host is in the house! Opera House! Jerry Springer, the opera! When the couple of the best bleeps have heard in a long time, you know what? Let me tell you. Let me tell you 33, 27,000,000 and 2 hours and a half until comes on. Now this fact starts out at a self-fulfilling prophecy in the very first half of the sentence. Here in I notice it's from University died. You can't be for somebody who works for Kimba Boat Camp, or whatever. Even worse, Kimba himself could it? Maybe they borrowed the tax machine. Right. We get a lot of taxes from over there. You think they'd be busy selling cars over there instead of sitting around listening to the radio? But anyway, it says, I may be dead wrong. You could have stopped right there. But it seems to me that the mad dog in the moment, our hesitant to commit to an accident in Timeslot, on QM, when they may be calling dolphins play by a plan. Another station, quite a pickle. Well, guess what? I do like the deal pickle, kosher deal. But no, you are dead wrong. Because the mad dog is already committed to 47, and Mo is already, I think, signed for 2 to 4. The deals were done. No, don't you understand? Regardless of play by a place. In addition to which I don't think Mo is going to be doing dolphin games anymore. Anyhow, I could be wrong about that. But I just have a feeling. But that aside, it's just totally wrong. Everybody's got theories. Everybody's in expert the right. That was going on outside. And the fact that the mad dog is they don't know squat. But they're all experts. Just ask him. They'll tell you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon, singular, wireless lines. We never did find out what time Stern built out on the buzz today. We did not know that it's important. Or more importantly, if you mentioned about the QM not care in the show, I mean, that's what we did. Which he has seriously avoided for the most part of life, but he said one car and I came and he kind of like brushed him off. I mean, that would be kind of nice to find out. Yeah, but I don't think we will. Nobody QM hello. Yep. Yes, man. I just wanted to tell you that I think George Bush is God because every time there's a disaster, it becomes a photo off for him. Of course, the disaster is he gets more billing. It's well coordinated. You see, everyone's right now. I like that. Yeah, I like the funny, but stupid story about Jeb Bush. Yeah. Our fan asked Governor Jeb Bush, yes. He's a total man. He goes over there and he tells the leaders to have a big sale to raise money at their church. Right. Yeah, that churches are direct wood. Right. What does this man taking? Well, maybe he's going to whip up ice, uh, batches, something good. Brownies. Brownies are big. Maybe he's a brownie, huh? I don't know. What is he doing? Well, his last name is Bush. It seems to run in a family, doesn't it? There he goes. I've got to try to tell you that because when I heard that, it's serious as this disaster is. You know? Yeah. Maybe he could sell that to a shareable album and raise some money for the best bread and this Broward's over there. I'll know you know what else they're doing. So we're world-tenating this money, but they're trying to know like 185 billion dollars to give them a system so this will never happen to them again. So as we're handing them money with our left hand, we're taking it back to our right. Exactly. I'm going to put it right. Okay. I have a great life. Thank you. Praise Jesus and praise Bush, see you. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Damn God. How in 5 60 and a Verizon and singing a wireless line. I'd say it again, the crazy people, the religious people. Your hand is better in mind. Your beanie is better in mind. Your uh, Mrs. is a well, whatever it is. You can go on since the beginning of time and a lot of you suckers out there. Just can't you anticipate your brain. You can't escape. You can't cut the emboleco cord, man. Because they hold out to promise life after that. Isn't it something how we were making fun of all of those Islamic martyrs, you know? These suicide bombers and the suicide hijackers on 9 11. And oh, they were going to have seven virgins and have an allus of the crab. What's any cillier than that about meeting St. Peter with the early gates and going up there to praise God and allus of the crab. It's all the same in nonsense. All the same. It came from the same place. And you're going to be with all your, you're going to be with all your old friends. All your dead friends are going to be up there in a big place and a big hotel in the sky. And you're all going to be sitting around. You won't be able to see each other because you won't have anybody. You won't be able to hear each other. So you won't be able to talk because you have no mouth. And you're, uh, you're, uh, you're, you're going to be saying, I ain't got no body for eternity. It'll be better to be talking. I ain't got nobody. But it's the soul. I'll come on already. Okay. Now you see if dogs would have written the Bible, then dogs have been the only ones do have it. Dogs have a soul. Man of course, he's just a pain in the ass. We need him to feed us. But I didn't know who needs him. It's obvious. It's so juvenile. It's so elemental. My dear Watson. All the way to life at Emmontal Swiss. Huh? W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Uh. Uh. This. This. This great. He's, he's, he's, he's, he's gone over the, that was definitely a good. Couldn't you tell? That was his line. W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Neal. Yes sir. By the way, first of all, I want to say how's going on with all the 10 30. Okay. Number two is, is you hear about your experience from here getting those trying to get over your decisions? Yeah, he's going to do a talk show. Everybody's doing a talk show now, yeah. What they're just going to give to any old smart that it just comes off the street. Don't you think you've got enough money to earn what he's doing right now? Yeah, and exactly. How much more does he need for crying out loud? A lot of status business. Good line. And then he went, then they, after he does that, then he wants to go back into politics again. He's going to be yours. Yeah. And I like that who's doing that. Slee's back, lucky is gone to face to the earth, making millions doing that crap. You're right. Take the money and run and get out of our face. Well, I think you do want to say, or can you visit the Mowoo cheese day? Can you play to date with him and Kelly being for the Florida pound license? What is that one? Yeah. Yeah. A couple months ago, there was a bit of them too, and there's time to be what up the power being turned off. Okay. I'll search for it. Okay. What is it? Bridal tells. Yeah. Book of Brown, I'll let it is the other because he's the one. He's the one that did it. If you don't know, nobody knows. The trouble we seen. I ain't got nobody. But I got a soul. Man's got a soul. And you're going to burn in hell. You see, generally speaking, it's the dumbest, at least educated people that spew this crap. I'm not like Reggie White, of course he's dead. I think God had something to do with that. Maybe that's what it was. He's called the guy who was busy planning the kill. Reggie White. God liked him so much he brought him to heaven early. And he needs to feed him something that delicious scandal soup. Or maybe that scandal soup eating all of that was what killed him. See, I'm going to, you know me. I'm a big soup lover. You know. Right. I know that. I do. If they have good soup, I mean, I just will never pass up soup with a meal. I love soup. French onion soup. I love beef barley soup. Oh, that's a ball of soup. On juve. But the idea that anybody would eat Campbell soup. I must have shlepers. Okay. It's like people need spam. It's the same category. I know when you got a big family and you don't have a lot of money and you've got to spread it out. Okay. Get some Campbell soup. For example, Chef Boy R.D. Like, review. I mean, I like stuff. Have you in the right mood? Yeah, but it's all the same. You said it before. No, it is all the same. But we're a Franco-Marquins spaghetti. You just have to be in the right mood. I mean, it's really easy. It's really easy. It's acceptable. The revioli. Yeah. But Franco-Marquins spaghetti, the best thing is to take that and put it in like a bowl and take like a piece of Swiss cheese and like mix it through there and like put it in the microwave for about ninety-nine seconds and melt it in there and man is that good. But anyway, I know what I'm saying talking about before the Franco-Marquins and all this food stuff. Sulele is out of the. No, it's just now about the food. Well, we all Campbell soup. Oh yeah, Reggie. Kakak. And I'm going to tell you the worst of all is the is the low salt and you ever had that? Oh no, good guy. Totally. Moli. It's like flavored water and then with a bad flavor. I mean, flavored water, I guess, could be good if it was like, you know, some good flavor and like a bad flavor. Like it would be like tomatoes soup that's diluted like one part and 85,000. Yeah. Yeah. And I was they passed it. Or the chicken soup. They passed it. Chicken soup. And this is chicken soup now. Man. I hope maybe they stuck up. Pupic in there. It's 1142 18 till noon at five 60 W.M. When you shop for quality, footwear and service, I'm going to tell you the sure the store that's the best and that's brandies in Pompano Beach. All the top names in the business are there along with sales holes who know your feet inside enough. They want to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. You know, just go to a shoe store finding something that looks nice. That's great. But you have to get a perfect fit to take. We're curious your tootsies. And they got the top quality names. You know, I love like rock boards for a shrine. They're a great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great, great, great. They're a great, great, great, great, great, great, great. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote. I don't have a quote.