All right, Neil Rogers is going to be here for the next four hours. And Neil will provide a moth and some serious talk as well. Nobody combines it better than he does. This is like an honor to be a lead in to Neil. This is not exactly something I dreamed about, you know, getting up at this hour. But the pre-seed Neil show, that's fantastic. I've known Neil, we've worked together at stations for a long time now. I remember the first time I met Neil, I was a guest on his show when he was doing a show in South Miami at night. And somebody had asked me something, was in a newspaper about what my favorite radio show was and I said I'd never missed Neil Rogers. I wound up in those days Neil had guests. And I had more fun doing that show with him that night. Now I'm going to have fun listening to him for the next four hours. As usual, I'm sure he'll have a pretty good spin on what's going on here. At 5.60 QAM. By the time these people get done with it, it's going to be 280-60. 280. Excuse me, I messed that up. I'll get it right. 280 QAM. Oh, hello. Hello. The first time you met me was not on that show. Was it at the track? No, it was on the Larry King Show and IOD. Really? We were both guests. There was a panel of the General Gamers. Still Saltman was on it. See you shy. Yeah. Wow. That's like that for memory. I don't remember that. Yeah. I don't remember if that's a kind of everybody in town out there money. Did we loan him any that night? Thank God, no. I don't remember. I don't remember. I came down to the U.S. Yeah. And I also wanted to tell me cigarette alone. I didn't see. Yeah. That's right. But I had more fun doing that show than you did. Well, I'm glad you did because I hated that play. Yeah, I know about the place. Yeah. But you were doing a much different kind of show in those days. Oh, boy. I want to apologize to everybody for it too. Oh, brother. Hey, it's in man. You've done all kinds of different formats within your own money. Just give me the money, man. Yeah. Give me the money. I'll do whatever you want. Yeah. So I can't agree with you. That I'm doing this for the money. Well, you said something to me yesterday. So you know, love us. Oh, boy. I could do the next four hours on that. I just want to see the check, you know. Hey, you told me that a couple years ago. You take money and run. Thank you. Thank you. That's what you said. You don't let stuff party. Right. Well, it's not easy with this crowd. No, it isn't. They push it to the limit. So who's on from 47 today? I have no idea. And you do the day. Don't lose too much. Today. I'm just, you know what? I'm not going to go stream. So I'm okay. Well, I got to tell you a little story because it's on our dime. Anyway. Yeah. I would buy in last night of the slots, which, of course, Josh Curtis is real guys don't play sloth. And the woman next to me who's a nasty, probably nasty, as a bitch in a whole place, she hits the, and I had to play that machine on, sitting to her right. Because it got cold, I thought, and she had the three miller fortunes for 128 grand. Oh, yeah. And I look in the hour, if it would have come up an hour before I would have had it. I wouldn't be here right now. No, we call. Yeah. If you could get that for sure, right? Yeah, right. Yeah, 120 bucks per share. Yeah, 120 bucks per share. Oh, you got it. How many people go out there? You know, they've got this, you know, they're going to vote on slots here, very soon, probably in March. Although there are people out there who are already trying to stop it. Yeah. But I don't think they're going to win. Who's they are? You got to born again, Lou, the ticks, and you got the dog racing people, aren't fooling anybody. I mean, the dog racing, not the, in the business, but I mean the opponents. And then you got the Indians who, you know, won it all for themselves. Right. Donald Trump is going to have to say that. I hope the Indians watch it. We're going to stick defol on him again. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm telling you, Sam. Have a great day, Hank. You too, you. See you. Yeah. I'm a fellow. I have a job, go. And Jews. I'm listening. I'm listening. What does that mean? I had a check with me. What does that mean? I had a check with me. One day she flew away to Tealu, on a weather moon. He is blue. The weather is blue. Hey! What did our right wing censorship? There are words in the sunset. We totally tell you how I feel. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? What does this decay mean? Oh, right. Now see you and Tealu, on a tune. So to move and tell us this decay, power, I'm a story-stay. And the SBC won't be seen this song. I wrote a day now if you stay, take your hand. Just the same. That after the transmission, I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, we're just taking it to you on a. That I'll see you with Tealu on a cold water cold water cold water. It's 10.03 and 5.60 WQMS. If there is day we can fly and buy, we have no idea what's going on with a man dog thing. And quite frankly, I don't want to hear about it. No mole. Just get it done. Okay. You idiots. You clowns. You silly people. How can this be? You know, every day we have this conversation before the show. And I just wrecked my head in my ass. And I just want to say, I'm a man of the same kind of kind of management people can be this idiotic. I mean, if it's anybody, anybody, if it's a ticker, a genius to figure out whatever the hell man it wants, give it to him, get the deal done, sign it, and stuff, drag and as thing out. It's not amusing anymore. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating. It's degrading. It's debilitating all the rest of us. The sponsors haven't got any idea who to help. See this is another reason we got nothing on the log. I'm going to show anyway. I'm not about the rest of the day. We got nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Not enough to pay Josh's salary and less than nothing. And that's because it'd like to go to call a couple of days ago. How can you forget that call? A sponsor, no, as an advertiser who's on the station. But he would like to know what he's buying. You know, is it just a pig in a poke? Maybe he's buying a fat boy show. Pookie the pig. Don't give me started on fat boy. By the way, Jeff Heiz, the anti-Christ, he's the fat anti-Christ. The end of the world is right deep inside his back. I'm bald. I'm Tonya. You think that tsunami was bad? That's what three cars are. That's what three cars are. You think those people have died in a mudstorm? I had to pay it. Oh yeah. Start cagaring this up in your mind. Just a walking piece of elephant dog. Next fat boy. That's Jeff Heiz for you. Hi, appalli. You idiot. You loser. Loseer. Loseer. Man. First of you, sir, and then loser. Anyway, his effect from keyfus says. And regard the yesterday show which we had a phenomenal response. Keith. There you go. He's caught a cow, okay. Oh, Jim. This is a deep, burning, this is a must. Everyone lay in there. And by the way, Keith, your fuller crab. I did mention the monkeys in Josh court in Salem. I'm sure a little bit of right now is an oversight. He was indicted with thousands of theme songs in my right. That's right. I was just, you know, too overloaded. He was overloaded, man. Just like fat boy overloaded. Just like me and Hank in the mo overloaded with fat. Like all the good old Jews. Anyway, so it says, uh, Jean, you know, I can't believe no one put the theme from the monkeys in the pool. This is by far the one or only theme song that everyone recognizes instantly. Well, guess what? Everyone, you're full of crap because anybody out of age of a hundred don't remember the monkeys anyway. Is it for this? Yes, the most catchy. Yes. People, people give the monkeys their do. Hawaii, five. Oh, please, as Keith. Good. Good. That in $14. A biostics, cups of coffee. Okay. Tim Hortens. Or the monkeys, my hand. Here's the winner on here's the day's pool. And a land on the land. Here's the house you're giving to him. Keith has the house you're giving to him. Or Peter's choice. Or Peter's choice. Watch the ball, Eddie. Oh. Are you going to give me a smile? Oh. Oh. Are you going to give me a smile? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Too late. Sorry, you lose. Excuse you. And that was number one without giving the rundown. Which will take another half an hour. And number two right on the as of that one is a pretty good battle. Meck and neck nose to know is all the way through. Number two. Speaking of fat one. Yeah. Oh, right. See the thing where you're saying it existed in the beginning. I mean, right. Right. Part of it. Yeah. That's the building. Yeah. It's going to. That's the everything is going to be my life. It's going. There. There. There. To Miami Cubs with a hot new beans. There are the streets fighting. Right. It's not. It's a game of game face. Where are you? It's a hell of a deal. By. We get a problem. The green game is six little tricks. We can't. And that's a group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early birds. Special life to seven. And the back of town. Let's go get them. And stuff with none. Clean up this tree. They're lighting. You can't cross. Are you going to cross in the line? Yeah. They're the term. The clean up this smoke. All right. This area. You're under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. What's the choice? He's possession of powder. I'm not first. Let's see that wife does. And just a thought. Scum or under bag then here. Go forth. We've lost. My restaurant is peanut. I think I'm in. Yeah. They're kind of in my cup. So hot new beans. Here in the hell of deal. But. We're being disqualified on the MBC. Let's chalk it up. A clean slate for all the old farts in soundford. Right. They put every deli. They put puppets out of business. They put anything else. The original corkies out of business. That made of an exchanging neighborhood situation. They were never less. And I mean by changing neighborhoods. I do. Good. And anyway, that's what the old farts did. Those were the days man. The hell and they were sunny rose and burst. That was good. Good stuff. Hell and they all said, can I hear what's near Rogers off the earth. They were going to build a big shield. They should have talked to bush and all the in the O'Conns about building a big a missile defense. A radio to chill. They're on hell and they'll keep the signal out. And of course, they're not signal. They don't need to build any shield. You just hold up your hand. Hold up your hand from the radio. Post that'll block us up. That's the QAM safety guard. Just told anything like a piece of onion paper. What do they call it? Onion and skin. Yeah. For skin. Yeah. Hold your force. Gonna from the speakers. He would happen. Here is the poll from yesterday. What's your favorite TV theme of all time from any kind of show? Like I said, Hawaii 50. About two seconds. That's it. 169 votes. Miami vice. 136. Pretty good battle all the way through with Hawaii five. I'll finally pull her way in the stretch. Sanford and son 79. That's pretty interesting. Yeah. Good. Look up fast. Oh. All the family 56. Mesh 54. Peter Gun 15. So, Carlos 49. Actually, these votes are pretty. I like the way this came out. Cheers. Gourci is 49. Sorry Tom. Tom Dickot says. Maybe in honor a little Tommy, we could play just a couple of seconds of the theme from Cheese. What the other. Oh, I hate it. I hate the theme. I hate the theme. I hate the theme. I hate the theme. I hate the theme. I hate the theme. Which is worse. The theme. Or the show. Making new way. The theme. Take everything you've got. Oh. Snack in the break. Let's go show what it's not. Show it. Hell. Not. Fuck. Magnum PI 44. The Simpsons 33. The Rockford Files 33. The greatest American hero. I like that. The Jefferson is 31. Well, a lot of people don't know that. In fact, most people don't know who he is either. Okay. Duke's a hazard 29 with a very pretty John Schneider and all those other. Those have to be the worst characters of any show it's ever been on the air. Yeah. I'm the Duke's a hazard. I mean, just a separate Daisy. What kind of mentality is that appeal to, I guess, middle American now, the Red States. I think I'd like to own 27. But, and is it, 27? Lauren Green. I'll see you with Michael and in his dead. Dan Blocker. He's dead. And the other ones dead too. I'll throw out Prale Roberts right. Well, I didn't remember your mind man. It's pretty damn good. An answer 27. Fish and impossible 26. That's it. Not that should have been better than that, to know. Absolutely. Get out of here. What is with you people? I thought that we're doing pretty good. Better than that. And then I take a look at that. Mission impossible is way down on the list. Jesus. Taking your toughest man. Just like Greg Reed took us to the home on a hand basket and didn't bring his back. Nice going Greg. You idiot. Get mad inside and cut the crap already. It's not funny. It's not amusing. It's disturbing. It's just stressing. It's idiot. It's pathetic. It's embarrassing. It is absolutely unacceptable. Okay. Jesus. These people are running a radio station who they can. James Bond and good times 23. Oh, I love that good times. Where is it? Let me find it. Then just to piss you off. I don't think that's honest. Oh, thank God. Isn't that a good break for you? Good time. I don't understand it. I just for the life of me. That's even Josh thinks it's okay. And of course, you know, what I want you to show I hated the theme. I was a little kid. I hate it. No, you see. I got the other way. I didn't like to show it off. The show is horrible. But I was a little kid. I think JJ Walker should have played Ray Charles. Don't you? Bad can. No, not. Yeah. That would have been great. I'll finish the rest of the full after we do the break. Because we got so many spots today. Oh, yeah. Nice job by the sales department by the way. I got a story about for my teddy bear. What they'll happen to them. I'm going to start making a list of all the people that used to be on the air. They're supposed to be on the air or wannabe on the air. And aren't on the air because our crack sales department is stupidity with their crack problem. What do you mean? That's their crack problem. Like Oprah had a big crack problem when she was all ballooned up most of her life. Every time she bent over, she had a crack problem. We had crack problem. They're she's got a their sales department's problem. I think they're snorting it. 1013 at 5. 60 WCM. Meal. Yeah. What do we really better have a phone number? I don't know. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I don't know. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I've got a little bit of a problem. I can come and try. I wonder if my pre cherry wants to be Republican Helsinki queer? I think we're going to get to that story. I told you that the real name is not whatever It's supposed to be. Whatever it's supposed to be wins or whatever the house of winter great their name is Batonburg They're a bunch of trimmons man. Oh, the whole royal family you've brits you silly ass brits I think they have a centron theory to Auschwitz all right and give them like a little shower would be good Huh, he looks like he could use a shower No, I'll do tired of those people man the world. I'm looking for a more I got a pull for tomorrow But I don't want to you know, scroll it tip it. I don't want to tip it off because then they'll be calm and stuff today And the meantime today is this here's two names you can put on there to get it started Josh okay I give the rest of the reason all and good news for George guess what I found on the bottom disk admission Mother Jeff No, not mother. Yeah, with the oldest you was funny too My video was a terrible with that prune wrinkle up old man. What was his white weasy Anyway, here's the poll today and these are the two you can start with Josh and he Griffith and bunny Fson EBSEN but the question oh the worst TV actor or actress ever is or was we should have a huge list Just like yesterday, this would be some more fun the worst TV actor actress ever is just call up and name anyone You've ever seen a thing right just give us listen names like five thousand names We don't care and we get back to you. Yeah, we don't care so anyway good times head to 23 Post-reboost 21 green acres 18 the 18 18 a Hogan's heroes 18 lot older had 18 secret agents 17 that man 17 cop 16 welcome back caught up 16 the pink pants That 15 WKRP W Crappin Cincinnati if that's what we're spiring to be maybe we're just expiring W Crappin Cincinnati in 15 stardrak had 13 named after our sales hole Todd Drek the X files 12 morning We're 12. Oh, this list goes on. Do you have any idea how many I got to read here? I don't want to do this over anyway. Should I read them all? Yeah This should take us to about 145 the lone range of atoms family sites to show a Johnny Carson 12 apiece Well, well rest 11 10 for SWAT taxi nine certain in at live the love boat eight for Johnny Quest friends gets smart Fin against red balloons lost in space seven for Tico and man there's some people say Chico Which really drives me crazy? Why do people say that? I don't know you can't for people say that Yeah, it's like when they talk about the Marsford They'll say grouch your harfo gumbo and Chico what is that like my him oh? Oh, like earth shiver my him a beach my Emma come out or cut the crap to boy Tico and man seven star track next generation seven Dallas seven six for six feet under well-enthrigers superman six Pre-rason had six how do you do you show six six million dollar man six see how that fits in? Six feet under head six and the six million dollar man had six and hey by the way, Jerry Wixer, how though sandwiches come over to six million dollar man. I'd be a machini six five for night rotters Shapman lighting speed racer raw high and outer limits and bar to be Jones who always gives his man Amos an Andy show Mickey Mouse club dynasty dynasty and amos an Andy those are the two that more one in here He's way down to his usual Don't explain what do I do do that means because even then just stay with that is all about what's fun Yeah, we're cutting educate him in the world of smiles humor dynasty for happy days sexy the city Flip or baby crocodile root 66 Mr. Red Mary tell them more show UFO UF oh those all had four three see it's easier when you do it this way looking clumps Okay, yeah, I noticed that three for one. Oh, otherwise it'd take me an hour to do all of this It's ponderous man, but those people have called these in or facts to me They want to know how their thing did if they're not near a computer or they don't have a computer or they're just too stupid to figure it out We'll just a three for this week in baseball quantum leap alias That'll start galactic out the rifleman I'll be which the OC the Brady buff two a piece for star ski and hug streets to San Francisco the Untouchables mighty mouse Wife wing Harry. Oh, that's Harry. Oh Malcolm in the middle and my PD blue love American style Manics and I love loosely. Oh, I love loosely on ahead. Two. Why wasn't everything? No One piece I wonder woman facts alive man from uncle over in school. Lee mod white shadow the practice They watch and look look at all the ones that had the big head nothing See I don't understand why people facts them are calling man. We didn't put any of these on there You people did and then you don't vote for them all the time. What is some of what's matter with you man? They must be related to management to the ownership of this radio station the butchers the butchers of broadcasting man V and V. That's what the V be in B. B. B. D. I stands for butchers of broadcasting Vortjes of broadcasting G. I don't understand. That's what V. B. D. I was all about got it. I got it No votes for LA law last he fantasy island Oh, it's she's look what he puts on here eight is enough Eight is enough not eight is enough. What a simple pimple man Charlie's angel. Spencer for our Remi and steel can't can't in head no votes I'm calling the president of this one because be show man about you gomer piles dark shadows The dinosaur show my three sons and I saw we all had the big over 15 other votes pretty good total there Huh, indeed okay now I feel like we've accomplished something this first half hour and you grip for the who did you say because that was the only grip I think I've been evil Belting for him E B S E and I even stouted for you This is it all right get with it. I mean I would be weird fifth just I don't know we put Tony dance on there so I have oh He he makes me and he's that got a talk show. Oh, I know Tony dance is gonna talk show Talk about a real old prune man Jesus what is his story? What's it once upon a time about like 20 years ago? He didn't look too bad But then again soon as you open his mouth and start talking yeah Oh, she I'll tell you though the worst Guitos in the history of America and Guitos are an American phenomenon. Okay Real Italians are an Italy and for the most part Guitos are in New York the worst Guitos is that gotty family. Oh, yeah Jesus those kids are children those kids are hers many need to be bitch while both of them and all their friends too What a bunch of losers are said into a woodchipper Which I think that's like a great idea. Let's have them do a Fargo 567 let's look when you make mace you get a hold of them. I can imagine when you do them in the Magnolia 567. Oh 560 pound 5 we better do the meeting curtain too. We got a fine picture today man. El MacPherson Who is looking about as good as it can be boobies the whole day got a lot of pictures of El will be See in most of them if they'll MacPherson born March 29th 1963 in Sydney north New South Wales, Australia Let's see if it worked for 2003 gave birth to a certain son of child named Orita Sai Andre what is that? Why do people do that with a funky names? Orita Sai Andre? Yeah, that's her kids name anyway her filmography is not it goes on for about 75 pages Soft Kensington a girl thing that was a mini TV series with friends like these the edge Batman and Robin the mirror has two faces if Lucy fell Ricky would catcher chain-iron air Sirens Alice in a bit portrait of me Campbell. I'm a student first 2001. She was the host. Do you know that? No, last week's the industry of men in two so's something 47 and I will TV week a low-year old Louge awards the orange British Academy film awards a raw birthday celebration Butopia celebrity profile your personal best with El MacPherson Shonston friend developed Well, that must be a Prince Harry's favorite Shonston friend developed a day with herself Or it's illustrated 94 swimsuit issue video and Right for a sexually 80s 101 biggest celebrity ops oops actually was called oops happy birthday to you and then like Guess the parents is she was on all kinds of stuff was she on with how it's sperm He's not no no no no wonder she's not that famous she was on a friend your favorite show Yeah, if I was on friends I just said in a live she's been all over the place on the first and that's a fabulous photo There if you're over the age of 55 on the beaten curtain now We'll get about two 3000 names because there's so many bad actors now. What's the guy on the Is he in London's a friend was what's that? We do guys picking the windows the Italian guy who I always talk about being the worst damn actor connect is right of a paper So he's also a Danielle Danielle man oh man. I'm very well When I hear the Danny I yell he's definitely got connections man here So wouldn't man he couldn't act as well out of a paper sack if you stuck that gun at the Michael found been that turtle that pulled saying toilet and Louise in the Bronx if you stuck that up as that He still couldn't act Danny I L that's A I E L L O you got it A I E L Got it good I want to spell these out for cuz I want to aim more a name is enough that I Didn't enough what is that no that crap is When the aims was an actual mr. You better get your act out Well, he means he said it right the first said yeah, but the job that you'll Drops trial and Willie aims 16 Remember after the holidays I used to toss the Christmas tree away We're not even where the folks at the adkins diet remind you the entire Christmas tree contains less than five Carb and his tag with 15 essential vitamins and minerals introducing the adkins Christmas tree Resetty book the kids which is love Douglas for a cereal Mommy this is great And the whole family can dig into spruce trail mix Can we get on the ball this in here? Don't drag your nutritious Christmas tree to the car this year turn it into cereals trail mix and even sandwiches and salads and it eliminates the need for bathrooms Brakes later The The adkins Christmas tree recipe book available now at a book store near you. Yeah, I'm tining for it 10 30 a five 60 kilo now here's a fact in your ride. He's not a TV guy totally McGuire We do a game that yeah, it's TV at the week doesn't do TV worst act wherever seen so well It's painful to watch and try I don't know cuz I never saw it. I don't watch this fighter man I didn't watch your C-buskin. Where does it do we season yeah? Spider-man one two and eight C-buskin. He was in what do you call it? Oh, yeah, no, one of my favorites what do you call it? Okay, what's the side of how it's the side of how it is? Huh side of house rules with much with what's my chalcane oh? I love my good hand. That was a good movie. What's not to likely Michael can he's great? He didn't hurt it No charges in West Virginia chicken torture Morgan town West Virginia criminal charges will not be filed against workers who allegedly tortured chickens and a West Virginia processing flat a prosecuted Yesterday President Lando and Poyo Paracas Jenny currently acting executive director the West Virginia prosecuting attorneys Institute and Wood County's prosecutor had struggled a five-dollar well in the service special prosecutor in the case against former employees of the program's pride core plan in more field After reviewing the evidence in comparing with other prosecutors. I made the decision the incident does not rise to the level of a criminal prosecution Due to the fact that these were chickens in a slaughterhouse You said I'm the Lando and Poyo Paracas chickens in a slaughterhouse. You took a minute slaughter, right? Eventually for the ethical treatment of animals all boy your very favorite organization your buddies People for the ethical treatment of animals quickly condemned the student and by the keep fighting You're like they're fighting at the slots which were good to that in a minute in July Peter really secretly recruited video workers stomping kicking and slamming chickens against walls of the local plant Texas based pilgrims pride Fire to live employees we educated its workforce at all 24 North American tents and added quality assurance monitors on both ships in more field Pilgrims pride is among the largest portrait producers in the US and Westboro and is a major supplier to KFC Which Peter has targeted non-goy animal cruelty campaign of the kernels rolling in his grave because of those People one thing to be an animal lover something to be a fanatic fanatic and an example religion is fanatical tree hugger An animal person just over the top too much to my fanatical anti smoking Right fanatical anti semi like the world family. I'm sorry. WQAM hello First call that is on social shaky to me Hello, yes, sir. I got a name for the list right ahead, paly Chuck Norris just fantastic, but he's not on television. He was what's he? What was he in still is and what? Walker Texas Ranger. Oh, yes, you're right. I forgot all about that because I don't watch it I've ordered like to play you're right Chuck Norris is a good choice. He is Harlem. He is ridiculous He's gonna have naked pictures as somebody even that he's got some He's a martial arts guy. They just hired him to get on and hair martial arts my ass Hey, I'm hello Okay, David Kruzo David Tursa. Oh, I hate him. I just look at him. He's been one of them. Thank you. Excellent. I love that That David Tursa with that orange hair and I facts to your favorite Did you I'm surprised you didn't put it down first it hasn't come over yet Well don't tell me you can be a good a tell you no, I'm not gonna give you a clue You're gonna you're gonna wish that you could change your boat. Oh, I already changed my vote I voted for Danny I. Oh yeah I'm so metal because I voted for Danny I. Oh Danny's I was I was I was I was I was I was I Oscar winner compared to this guy. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah By the way, I want to apologize for some bad misinformation that Voka Brian gave us yesterday Let me give you a little bit of a audio clue. Do you know who I am? I'm both free. I made my bones when you were going out with jelly We don't want to hear about your bones okay, but anyway, he's still alive. What's his name the actor? Marco Rocco. Alex Rocco. He's still alive. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive I just loved the way Salasso says that and that's seen we talk to the time he can move and he's still alive Anyway, that's a really good choice Whatever the hell of guy just said what he said what you're a nerd guy David Carole. Yeah, let's see so far 20 dances got eight Anthony Anthony Griffith It's got five Danny. I was got my vote. Not so much honor because we haven't got all the names on it We will we will have a million folks on here. I don't see any facts coming over this name that you keep threatening to tell me I don't see it you should you set it? I'm positive and you come in I put it in there feverishly. Okay, but you did WQAM hello WQAM hello. Hi WQAM hello So this is the ball yes sir You want my suggestion yeah, I'd love to hear it. Okay Wolf guy dances with the wolves guy he's a TV guy you're talking about the You have a lot of them Kevin Con Kevin costume is the most boring man. I don't know he doesn't do TV That is you that's right No, okay, but you're right different when we do the movie one you got it. Thanks. Okay, hey Kevin costume Man, just absolutely no personality devoted any talent whatsoever another guy that might have a photo album of making pictures of high profile Personalities, politics, etc. You can't go to the back after he has me better picture of the Pope and drag or she's made a Pope is in drag From a yeah, I still I hear a little beeping on my fax machine But now you've really teaked my curiosity and if nothing don't come over You're gonna be in a barron shape. I didn't think of it already You're oh Now you're probably maybe it's Will Smith. Yeah, oh really yeah seeing the thing hasn't come over yet Will Smith that would get his ass on there. He oh Yeah, oh and now just after I said it now the facts has come over. How can I get so long? I have some problem on you when again a technical snack food you ain't gonna be unusual market out most TV Anyway 13 it's an unlucky day for you Reach it back got a couple of them coming over here one says Oh, I don't see that another one never came through. Perfect will Smith anyway J and Davy says for the pool the cast of Bay was but seriously if I pick one I'll take John Stamos. Oh come on picking on blackie now shame on you, but whatever you like John Stamos Just get out of here. We're just jaded. Oh, I am he used to be real and fact he still is pretty good You're blinded by his pretty mouth. You can't see how bad of an actor he is Also, I heard him get out he's bad actors like you know run to the mill he's bad also I heard a commercial for the comic Richard Jenny on his days normal. I don't find him that funny But there's part of the course. I like he said something A long lines if you have to respect it. We were just people because if they don't will we'll you don't they will kill you great good J and baby excellent Oh, there is Will Smith right up there in bright light somehow fresh prince of Brailler can't hold him on the big swing where still stuff Oh, he is I still say he should have played Ray Charles either him or JJ Walker Do you think what would have done it pulled it off? Yeah, he played the Muhammad Ali which I find most of using the name and that Yeah, did oh brother don't you when you see will Smith don't you think of Muhammad Ali right away all the time? Worst actor actress. Oh, yeah, here we go some good choices coming in. I like it the guy who played and my bad yesterday Remember I started about the bad characters from happy days. Yeah, I'm not talking about totsie. I guess in Williams I let you talk to them followed closely by Donnie most the guy who played Ralph mouth Donnie most the most is with Elise This dining most handsome Williams. You got it. We got him. Is that is the answer or anis? Also he useless now is file clagg you have my mind. It's important stuff has no room for a ride Answer the name Chico or Chico is in Chico Marx's name was pronounced like Chico even Grouch or pronounced that way because his grouch So told it Chico was called that either because he chased the chicks or because he had a lot of chicken as a teenager It was originally spelled CH I C. K. Oh, check guys. So you see I didn't just imagine that it wasn't just my pathetic girl riding old mind he came in a future fine as I knew that dirt net No, I wasn't it was that that's another story That's sitting there watching this old Italian 220 thousand dollars right next to me at that machine I could have been sitting there man could have been a moment for greatness nothing. It would change my life But why her why this bitch this nasty evil doer that that one they try to push me down on a floor and like I want to get into a Pussle over a machine okay of all the people in there Why did I have to be this bitch and I'm getting there is no god. I'll tell you there's the proof right there Maybe he's punishing you for your he even way he put in a last 40 bucks in that damage She and when that was three wheel of fortunes came up she didn't know what else you had should have been the end of my fist and it's not what else She won oh yeah, and then they're all gathering around you know and the picture is not an all the crowd I should have just got up for my chair and said hey, this is the dumbest bitch in the nastiest piece of crap everybody beat her up Carl from West Palm Beach is I have two actors for the worst ever on TV Vincent's on a Frio What are they long order criminal intent and David Cruiser we got David Cruiser already? Yeah, what is that with the orange here? I think only comic book here because now we got the books to which we like booge on We just have orange here. Yeah, and help No, I'm that's just making a bad guy Just that he's got a head for oh, that's right if they put him on TV They better do something about that he's gonna have to die it, you know, I mean died as a lose weight He hurt that I mean die the He's dying here. No, I would like anything else dark black recent form in a man anything maybe he maybe he'll get into the Greek thing But just I don't know there just aren't too many people with cartoon color here You know purple and orange or generally like in Joe Paluca right right Tony Danza But I would you came up with that right yeah, oh Tony Danza really blow as he is just obnoxious and that's how show is man Is something or what he's not just a bad actor, but he's a marvelous. He can't he is he has nausea. He's another Guido by the yeah Tony Danza Oh Oh What's your first name got he what is your name Victoria? Oh, that's right, but I should know because I had around my show years ago back those boring days I was talking about my new guest tacking Victoria guide then to she was nasty, but yeah Tony Danza other low put her two kids those green O's man You can just like All the greatest come into the screen Yeah, we did prove alone. Yeah, yeah, I know what you said. Oh, man. I sophisticated Yeah, that's right making look like a road scar. They come look like an MIT professor 34 votes 20. Anzothir team the worst TV actor actress ever Technor's eight and he grew from five will Smith's got three but he F's got a pair, but he always gets his man Critics are calling a sure fire Oscar nominees Don't miss close but no cigar Sorry, I can't have a award best actor nominee Johnny that that's supporting actress nominee Michelle Fivert best set in unit assistant director nominee Steve Johnson best key great nominee Jake's spoon best best point nominee Billy's vote best on set catering service nominee On really Hollywood caterer to the stars best dedication of the end credits to a stuntman Who died during the making of this film nominee in memory of the late crazy Jake my girl You will find all of these and more in close But no cigar to movie that begs the question why should I go see it if nobody in it is good enough to actually win on Oscar Close but no cigar. It's got a one and five chance of coming soon to a theater near you Tant 45 we're looking for bad TV actors. Neckrises. We know how many actresses on here doing. No yet very good busy Harry should visit Auschwitz. They're saying oh, you gotta see the Headlines and the pictures on the front pages of the Britain newspapers like the Templar the Sun I said Harry the Nazi Britain's Prince Harry. Oh speaking of people with orange hair You have an artist that orange Harry orange Harry. He is well. What can I say? Britain's Prince Harry was being encouraged to make a public apology and visit the Auschwitz death camp after he was photographing a Nazi uniform in a party I'm telling you again. I've told you for years you people think I'm joking about this stuff The Louisville research through the little aridin read that the Royal's by kitty Kelly book the house of Windsor the Windsor's actually Were the batten birds was their original name their their background is in Germany their German their butter crowds Okay, let it doubt look out for the crowd politicians in Jewish groups reacted with outrage to the photograph in which the 20 year old royal was seen holding a cigarette and a drink and wearing a swastika armband Oh Right, that's he thought smoking drink right that's what you think I see ever saw those pictures of Hitler at a party on the balcony of that Palace or where the party had he was a panic at a party visit the picture of the third in line to the throne He had a beyond the throne or right now to flush his ass down it in Nazi reggae He was published on the front page of Thursday's Sun newspaper in England Tarots house the office of Harry's father Prince Charles you know the one it likes to clay aching Issue the statement late Wednesday night which Harry of Palazzo's running offence to me because that's what they see Of course the Britway and of course the Canadian way because the Canadian just can't cut that on biblical court already Get that damn queen off the currency. I can understand putting a queen on the currency, but not her Especially here believe you me if any if any city in the world needs a queen on the currency This is the one are there any state people in Toronto But opposition conservative leader Michael Howard said Harry the younger son of Charles and late princes Diana to apologize in person I think a lot of people will be disappointed to see that photograph it'll cause a lot of offence and Howard who happens to be Jewish Prince Harry is a politics. I have no doubt that his father and family will have a good deal to say to him and private I think it might be appropriate from to tell us just how it can try he is now how are told VBC radio? I think there are various ways in which that can be done I don't think the precise form it takes matters, but I think it would be appropriate if we heard from him in person about how can try he is It how can try What a joke the sun in Vcental Center more than it largest international Jewish human rights groups Brando the act shameful and urged the prince to visit Auschwitz death fantasy the full horrors of Nazi mean what let me ask it is what is it gonna be a complex room to go on a that's like town a clansman the other visit Opalaka. What does that mean right? I don't know like count a southern Republican white guy that out of visit Liberty City I mean I ain't gonna accomplish much although give you a chance to lynch his ass anyway turn things around a little bit Turn around like a Peter Marshall stay turn around his fair play Remember that though you don't because you never watched the original Hollywood square. Look well Now how come my man ran by Marvyn higher founder of LA base center the weasenthal center called on Harry to accompany his uncle Prince Edward to the Earl of Essex the Earl of Weston is what I heard Prince Edward. Oh, yeah, look out for that girl To the camp later this month to commemorate these 60th anniversary of cancel liberation And that's all he was doing is having a libation and the celebrating liberation and he ought to get a citation What I'm doing in the triple crown no effect. I think citation was last horse before secretary 25 years before to win a triple crown in 1948 what are memory man? Edward being on a show with Hank on Larry King show even he didn't remember that Of course when that fat starts get up in your neck hammer. That's you know, it's the effect of your your mental process He's not the Pudge up now these in the morning is he what do you mean well I think you guys have got to be like monitoring in there if somebody's got to watch that always do do I know how I know how Life threading that is when all I good food starts coming to anyone Right whatever that place is I see the how he's box out here in the morning. Yeah Well if he's gonna be different about how he's box you better have the Hank box waiting out there or two because you're gonna put the man in his grave Okay, I'm excited to have him on there. It's just great, but Isn't that interesting to have somebody on the station is a lead in who actually talks about the rest of the station And look you know Is somehow involved with all the rest of us? Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing not a shot at Stern because you know, Stern is he's steering He's gone. This was a shameful act display and sensitivity for the victim is not just for those soldiers of their own country You gave their lives to defeat Nazism But to the victims of the Holocaust who were the principal victims of the Nazis higher said we strongly urge Prince Harry to accompany the British delegation on January 27th for the Auschwitz death camp to commemorate 60 years since liberation They're he will see the results of the hit it similarly so foolishly and recently chose to wear and by the way PS Prince Harry Caxahoyce That's what he said the Nazis murdered six million Jews and many of other including polls To almost sexual gay Soviet prisoners and gypsies millions more were in prisoner forced to work his lives Harry's grandmother the queen is commemorating the 60th anniversary that day by inviting Nazi death camps survivors and British veterans who freed them to a reception at St. James Palace St. James Palace What a bunch of stuffy ass-wools man you brits you are so fascinated Listen all the May locks and kale pect into world can get their stomach straight now Yeah She will also attend a Holocaust Memorial Day the queen will national commemoration at London's Westman Through hall with a husband Prince Philip Eduke Vendboro who is a bang and Old bags all over the world the son said Harry wore the Desert uniform of general urban rommels German Africa corridor a party in with wheelchair west of London on Sunday Oh, yeah, Irwin Rommel. He's probably one of Harry's favorites. Hermann Gehring Irman Irwin Rommel Joseph Gervels Dr Joseph Mängela Rudolph Hess he probably buys his gas at his the photo She's ignoring a swastag armband in a badge of the German vermosh or defense force on his collar the vermosh I just like seeing it. I like German not you know, I love Germany too. Germany's an incredible country But just the language is just so ooh Makes the hair stand up on the back of your ass in a statement Harry said I'm very sorry if I called any Offensive embarrassment anyone it was a poor choice of costume and I apologize. Oh, yeah I apologize How do you like that everybody in a brother like that? That's that's just gonna like a life-an-off-and-face-to-dem-app right works for the Publipance oh yeah, and for I am college I actually that's what I was looking for Friendly thank you. What is that under? Earl dash. Oh, well, I'm sorry. No, I don't have that under under Arnold Dash. I thought I had to arrive apologize. I ain't great. I'm a great be the Oh, here it is I apologize. I just under apologize. I apologize. I apologize Oh, you know when you got 85 million bits in here. Oh, you ain't need that no thanks Anyway, that was some photo shows a more in a swastag armband in the back of the German vermark on his color And a statement Harry said I'm very sorry and the yaddi yaddi yaddi Homestruck literary Charles Park told BBC radio the young world had a color drives the matter should be left there Volkrat Volkrat I think you ought to be like cards and feathered I think the other take his ass to Westminster Abby or just to deer Abby she did She did I don't know yeah, she is the last goesman for Prime Minister Tony Blay I said clearly an error was made. Yeah, just kind of like that an invasive Iraq You make a lot of mistakes these days Tony you idiot that has been recognized by Prince Harry It's better that this matter is dealt with by fucking impalist Oh, yeah, so we've got under the carpet just sweep out of the carpet Well, I tell you one thing if anybody needs dry concepts that royal family We did the breakage 20 of didn't we yeah, okay? I never crossed it off course today We did a lot of difference wouldn't we could like in fact what we're gonna be doing now We'd like to get more we were getting explained this morning Get better rates for the spot so what we're gonna do is the service to the audience and a disservice to all the advertisers out there The new rate on his show is $145,000 for a 60 seconds spot So we're only gonna run like one spot an hour What'd it be great? Get a lot of show in right by Jonathan Roe main is spokesman for the reform of synagogues of red Britain said the fact that the palace is issued in a policy indicates This was a mistake by the prince, but having been given the apologies should now be accepted Right we do not accept your apology. How do you like that? Scotsman for the board of deputies of British views echo the words of role-mains saying the board is pleased that he's impolish us for the incident But it's ready for lunch. You're still on show-home whose real-farbition was less than with that extent the use of Nazi symbols was in tolerable it was unacceptable I think anybody who tries to pass it off as bad taste must be made aware that this can encourage others to think that perhaps that period was not as bad as we teach the young generation In the free world writers quotes Shalom is telling reporters. Is that Shalom? Shalom to you, Sylvan former presser royal press officer, Dickie Arbiter Oh boy, oh boy just like in the talented mr. Ripley, Dickie Greenleaf as played by what's his name? Matt David no What's his name the short little British actor But they all okay Anyway, I got a brain fart on him. I got that bit that we're playing about him. I do lodge Oh, he's short former. Yeah, he's about comes up to your ways. He's about two feet tall All right former royal press officer Dickie Arbiter, who shared a well-publicized public land radio or TV telling the BBC It's not just good enough to behave like that. We all know history and at 20. There's no excuse He 20 years old he's running around the swastika, okay because he's a spoiled miserable rich Brack. That's why The whole royal family man that'll be like tired and fit it and then they ought to put him all on a new male Gibson movie That's what they ought to do stick their ass up on a cross. What do you say? Huh, let's crucify their ass now Now Chris Franks facts says two for the pool. Meredith Fash der Bernie. We find a got a woman and dated Bernie. Okay, all right the birdies Although I think she's just narrowed it backster now and that they're not together Well whatever you like okay put whatever you want on there. All right. It says you keep playing the theme from good times It says words Jimmy Walker on a podium JJ Walker getting him on there right now. Okay Horrible talk about a one-trick pony and don't not be an actor, but does that own though your fire? Trump sure he's a actor on TV now, right? He's playing yeah even always playing himself. He's on a TV show sure Okay, talking about orange hair. In fact, we ought to apologize today. The Corroso compared to Trump Corroso's hair is lovely when you agree. Oh, yeah Well I don't understand the appeal there. What can you just come after me? Well sorry. I can't he's a bad actor He's very bizarre. He looks like the spaceship and this way the giant he's going orange hair But I didn't add he's done. Oh my oh speaking of JJ Walker done. Oh my see how that works It all just kind of like slides in there together. Yeah, that's what Prince Harry said You talk about Queens and Buck and Anne Palace man. I'm gonna tell you right now What many years ago when that era that Hank was talking about W. Newsway did guess I had one of the chief butlers from Buck and Anne Palace on the show But you talk about a flamer he was really Screamer and during the break that was before I got like so You know I'll read just when Luke Cronus you get upset and I said to him I said why betcha there's a lot more than one queen in the palace He just tore it all hey He told him yeah started just seeing all over the place 10 56 at five 60 W Q and the main man Anthony Kelly into what acceptance capital Morgan says it's time for new years resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards Lower your debt cut your mortgage payments pull out cash investing in real estate They're near the top of your list South Floridians one of the hottest real estate let me say it again South Florida because it's all written together who's a kind of this who's a kind didn't even say on here I don't believe it because it's so poorly done The words are like written together on here our sales department blows South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US So why keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates the main man's new years resolution is to give back to the community So this year they partnered with kids in distress with a track work at a 25 years of helping over 5,000 abused in neglected children each year acceptance capital is donating the portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause With six kids of his own the main man knows how important being a parent is so forget about calling anybody else called the main man Anthony Kelly and though at one triple eight for a three loan. That's one 888 for a three loan or go to the main man's commenting you fill out your application right online one 888 for a three L-O-A-N This is the Neil Roger show This is a boy Any questions now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the Arab parent her son Prince Charles Hello Yes, it's it's mom Mom what you call for? Good mom. I'm worried about your child from your country call me every day and I'm very worried Call me right-hand times a day mom. I've been having the newspaper here for Daily Mirror. Yes. I don't read such rubbish Well, did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it. Mom. I don't read such rubbish. I'll tell you it says is Charles by sexual Because what is it true Joe was the same on it is Charles by sexual What's it mean by that mom? It means you like to let's use and the lad. I don't like the lad's mom No, Chrono It's really it. Please don't cry. It's true. It's not true. I knew I should have thought somewhere wrong when I caught you listening to clay I like it mom. He's a good singer I mean all those farmers try that movie didn't look a lecture now. I love to in yet oh mom. That doesn't make me buy Harry very fine with it watching him shower right now Where you crying mom It's true is it what it's true it's not true You're my sexual I am not by sexual. I don't have any sex the woman I'm dating mom looks like a horse I mean she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that there why you go for the men? I don't go for those very both so it's not true. I'm gonna be king of England Yeah, I should have worried about oh you worry for You're making I can't continue this conversation any longer mom All right my date here you date You come in her come on in early Who are you? So I just that friend is that come in her? It's early. Early who's early? I'm afraid early Who is Ernie? We play here and pull balls together mom You don't play for Mar We play games together mom. I've got to go down Don't call you Stop calling you my names in my name to write smash a credit. Yeah, not a bad idea It's a level three of five sixy WQA and let's see. Don't upload like this. We got more Howard David. It's a little bit Do I go do I man? We don't know. I understand any of that stuff. He just I don't know I think it's a little late at his advanced stage to get him a sense of humor See the character that Booker Brian created the humor small right? He just isn't in there I mean the most thing he's finally accepted that for the mole man, but the rest of it I don't know how to explain to him. It's just that's it I'm gonna go to the top of the wall. That's how he started right at you know I'm gonna say it. That's a good Anyway, he'll be all right. Then we got the man dog at four to seven If I hear one more time that it's like filling in I don't want to hear it I'm not gonna listen to it. I can't stand that there has got to be some mental illness that's in Fest back in the day before Janet Jackson and Michael Powell had an harvest breakdown of our nipple They kind of nipped all our good stuff in the blood five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I'd have arrived. I'm just rambling on and on I have no idea why I should be really depressed Oh, it wins that jackpot. Well, but more so about this whole the radio station thing Get it done stop you're just wearing us out. You know, I might have to go on strike for about a month They make me sick Come any Q a m hello Q a m And that's a how one gray asking a Hank in a hallway. Oh, don't you you're in due to for the money You don't you love us. Yeah, and he loves you because you keep suspending his fan asked every five minutes, right? Every time he looks at what he or inner circle people cross like you're suspended It did you're suspended it. Yeah two months suspension your free lawyer is gonna bug up his stupid ass You're suspended it. Yeah, you think Hank adi want to go into I want to speak for him He can speak for himself the Humphrey Any assistance for me W Q a m hello Hi, Neil It was great show you George did yesterday was good to hear all those old those from the TV show I had a name for you for your post today Kelly Ripper okay, Ripper's a fantastic choice not only can't she yet do anything she's useless and they she's not too good looking either Exactly, I can't stand the side of her anymore. She's like a Jackie Johnson of Network TV thanks a lot, pal. He's it now. She's I should take that back Jackie Johnson's a donkey face Kind of like What's your name again? I can't breathe right now. Yeah Romney when you say donkey face when we do the comes to mind anybody want to watch Amber fry We can get a two-seater for her and Scott they can be together again. She said his lap when he pulled a switch Yeah Kelly Ripper. I don't care what you say. I heard she she's got in fact I guarantee if you put them side by each you think that AJ freely and her and the same person her No, it was point oh I think his nose points in the other direction all right W Q a m hello Neil yes, sir. I got a couple. I don't know how they're not out of the arm there. Okay, let's get to him Right and and It's all over Captain Cook will you chat in there, but he's pretty good on Boston public He was good and there was a show about a hundred years ago called medic I don't know if you're not to remember that there. I think there was this first TV show We played a doctor young doctor and he you're right he couldn't act in either. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal Wait a minute, but he's your cans he can belt out of tune If they pay him or land oh man, Sue's preached in Bishop charging negligence in sex abuse I think you just keep making these things up. I write them myself and attorney for the Orlando man accusing your Catholic priest of years of sexual abuse Father Lassovius that against the priest and two bishops. I wonder if what if who was Anne including leader of the nine seas of Orlando the suit says the Reverend Richard Emerson sexually used the man during a 70 or period in the late 1980s early nine does one of these kind of Ralph Waldo Emerson you think no or maybe he's got that invented those Emerson radios like that nice white radio I had when I was a kid it also names Orlando Bishop Thomas Wensky and Gary and the end of Bishop Dale This is a bad copy is that melchic as defendants says the diocese of no action when they were there complaints from it against Emerson attorney Joe Saunders described his client as a 29 year old Orlando man of worse than local hotel Saunders said the man chose not to attend the news conference in front of the orange County courthouse because of his anxiety About suing a priest into bishops Emerson a priest in the gay of the Gary diocese served in three central Florida churches between 1987 and 1991 including St. Charles, but our male Catholic church in Orlando Baromio I don't know what that is where as a queezer was a student in person We hope that this lawsuit will protect children Saunders said the lawsuit claims that Emerson who is removed from his Indiana church in Plastime administrative leave in December allegedly used alcohol and pornography to lure the man into a sexual relationship Santa sounds like a Michael Jackson of the clon To lure the man into a sexual relationship that started in Orlando when he was about 11 years old But continued after Emerson returned Indiana. We brought the boy on trips It alleges that both die sees received other complaints about Emerson without taking action Sister Lucy Vesquez who's writing in the fourth race at Gulfstream The Orlando diocese victim of Susan scored later wrote in an email response for a report his questions that a family going through divorce A complaint that Emerson was interfering in alienating family members, but there was no obligation to say subuse and maybe not We didn't know nothing that's what they always say we didn't know not and right just like Cardinal law We didn't know not He's another one out of string his ass up there red-law with Prince Harry when he's a super Crucifirm right there in the right in front of Fanny will haul and then after we go across the street to Quincy market It's a good child and clam strips as I sound okay you'd love the food in Boston man. How it? Wow wow wow that is a place where the food I would say the best to and I'm New York There's no place in the country to compare New York, but after New York I would say Boston and Chicago And then they say San Francisco, but I can't stand San Francisco. So I don't really stay there long enough to eat You're just a little bit of a little bit of a clean thing I'm just a son my kind of place, but Chicago and Boston man Oh man, I obviously we open Prince spaghetti house W2AM hello, can I shoot that W2AM hello? Pretty good good. Hey, I know you're not a big Danny. I have a fan of obviously, but yeah, obviously He was in one very very good movie that I really love called 29th Street. Yeah, it was an Passely awesome movie was a true story about the guy who won the first New York State lottery It was really good. I mean you should check it. I'm gonna say they must have a stunt act you're doing his part because I I mean he's just gonna act to look yeah, he played the father It was I mean I've told you the ass when phenomenal phenomenal I'm gonna movie yeah, and you know with all the polls and everything I thought either Monday or Tuesdays poll I thought Jasmine K was gonna win one of those Okay See a lot buddy See a palmy and we'll combine him with a fat stuff. It's a bad stuff. I'm gonna take it right now I'm gonna like go on a warpath. I'm sick and tired of it because you're such a whim Yeah, well, we're not gonna put you on way put you in your place with that inquisition at day But yeah, the only reason you were here is because I like you and I want you here And right I made a very good that they read that with me, so they're because he didn't such a fine Oh, thank job, you know, feeling that he is like a vulture man I wouldn't trust him as far as you can throw his fat ass. He's just a vulture and keep in mind that him and your program director are real real tight Oh God Yannuz don't One, who's slightly older. Final of 11. But, certainly. Magazine, being older, if you win, the safety's not going to. You might find someone with bigger shoulders. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey, dude, it's Mary's life, get set. Wow! Please be a no, what's your life, people matter? No minute, you hit from the nagging stud. And break the pipe, and sign your divorce papers. 5, 11, my answer. You can mean MSB on stills. Several lies. What do you get that propaganda? Several websites have his vitals to tell you. Well, if you just take it one thing about Jude Law. Oh, he's a little guy, a guy in the funny book. Maybe he just does movies with tall people up the turn. Is that what it is? I don't know, but I've seen him on interviews, and maybe he was crouching down or something. Maybe he's like, I don't know his knees. Or someone's telling Mr. Ripley, that would have been good. He let that fame and down. You got to see that one. I'll see it. No, you want. Oh, if he said it to me, especially. I will say to another, I got that FedEx thing. Let's see, Ellen D. Generate, that's because she was on, he's been a lot of pulls. That's good. But, and I'm Johnson. That's a little bit, I never understood that, although he was good in the boy in his eyes. I've been to Boyn with Jason Robards when I was a great movie. That movie reminded me of the prisoner, right? That same kind of setting, you know, the same, that the old. Brian and Palma D. C. John Johnson and Ellen D. Generate. Let's get him back on there, Scott. Along with the buddy's Epson, who always gets his man. 560, 560, pound 560, and a brighter than Siggitt of Rardless Lives. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if I have a minute of chance to listen all day, but I don't know all these right now. All these right wing lunatic have noticed that they officially called off the search for weapon. You know, you have a minute of chance. So, there's a thing, sir. Thanks very much. We had it on yesterday. Okay, we're right on top of the world. Okay. Okay, okay. I'm going to say, okay. Okay. Okay. See, if you stay tuned to the show, man, you'll find out exactly what's going on. They won't have to call the next day. We'll be back like a parrot, like that thing. I'm a Bobby Blake shoulder. It wasn't a bird. It was a son. Factor than a speeding bullet. And when they killed the body, he said, well, that's Superman. And I would he said, Tony Danza's got, look how many votes. It's not 30 minutes. The worst TV actor actress ever, Tony Danza's got 30. Chuck Norris has got 27. He's right on Tony's ass. Donald Trump, 17, will Smith has got 10. David Cruz, oh, nine. And, and this, if he was in this world, he was got seven. John's staying at Stamos has got six. I think it's all the same person. Tony Emos has got five Andy Griffin five rose and bar for Vincent Donna Frio 11. I wonder if he's going to add on a free or the hardest race driver. William Shattner three, J.G Walker three, Danny I have was only got three, get out of here. Buddy, you have some three. Uh, honest thing. I hit one of these three first. And then hops on, you know. Okay, when it hops on it. Uh, I ordered Factor's got a pair. Ellen D. General, she used to have a pair, but I think someone got chopped off. Well, she's got one. John Revolta's got one. I think Kelly Rippa's got one. John Ritter one. Don Johnson and David Bernie don't have any. And who else did we just put on there? I didn't see it with Don Johnson. I just already shamed Candidate. I'm a doctor. Oh, she's already got a vote. Good. She's no talent. She can't sing. She's, uh, she's an embarrassment. She's, she's, she's kind of like the Joseph Gaki of TV. Oh, of humor. A dollar. All of Joe Lisa's nice guy. I get to feel like she's kind of like a bitchy diet. I don't know. I could be wrong. She might be very pleasant and very nice. She's no rosy. Oh, nobody is. She's a bitchy. Uh, rosy. We could put her on there too if you want. Well, she's not really an actress. See, I, I think she's only done movies and the only TV she did was that. Sure. That awful, awful talk show that just, just the most desperate fat shut in Brods from coast to coast for watching that piece of crap. Only because they felt better about themselves after seeing her. Can you imagine any other reason for watching her? No. Tenitive deal on slot machines could bring Dave Calvay ten million dollars a year. Says the Harold. Dave Calvay and leaders at three and three per mutual operators reach the tenitive thirty year. About thirty minutes. Thirty year agreement yesterday that calls for a four million dollar upfront payment to the county that would in effect offset the cost of a referendum on Las Vegas to out slot machines and a percentage of gross revenues that can be worth up to ten million dollars a year of voters approved which they will. The proposed agreement which must pass the county commission vote next Thursday to set up a March eighth referendum could also mean as much as three hundred million dollars annually to these state's public schools system officials said. The deal would permit up to sixty five hundred Las Vegas to out slot machines that flag the Great Han track called or race course and Miami Highlight. I think this will spur huge economic growth in the community said, Ron, book represents the per mutual industry. People will be coming in from all over the place to play. State voters November, probably know that. The amendment allows state legislators to set such rules as how many machines are permitted who operates them. Both counties have a meeting with the agreements with to establish rules before the referendum votes are held. In a two page memo yesterday county manager George Burgess pointed out to commission chairman Joe Martinez several negative aspects to bringing gambling with community. Well, you know something. This the voters have already spoken. Right. On this issue. So the idea that we got people like Jim Nagel in, you know, that board again and for the Saturday, I'll may or in Broward and this group fall in date. It's pointless. Burgess still knows that he sees the proposals away for the struggling per mutual supplement their correctivities make themselves a destination for it. He called them Rossinos. What is that racing casinos? Oh, speaking English. Okay. Pally. Racinos. My ass. Jesus. God. It's so tired of all these. Just just cut the crap. We had an election of all this. Both can stop trying to be the trigger of the word. Poll. Okay. Jose. Whatever his name is Joe Martinez. Oh, another guy that's in the name that is in easy Gonzalez Martinez. And right. That Jose and man is the new attorney general. Rodriguez. George Rodriguez. Jose Rodriguez. Who are Rodriguez. How are you? I'm going to. I mean, come up with a little imagination like the cover folks do. What you're like the dark. Yeah. Moisha and the two show by and. Huh? Yeah. Well, there you go. It's about time you learn. You got a little ride in there. Okay. And by the way, speaking of that. Very self. Yeah. Good question. Five six seven. I feel like I'm on drugs or something. It's pretty. Huh? Yeah. It's a whole experience. I'm just so fired up of these bastards. Man. Over these class holes. That's I've decided on that one. That's what I, you know, the kid mess with that. I'm just so fired up of these bastards. Man. Over these class holes. That's I've decided on that one. That's what I, you know, the kid mess with that. Class holes. Not it. Classless. No. Class holes. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I got some suggestions for the bulls. Yes, sir. Go ahead and. Freddie, print. And the kid that played her bull. I don't know what his name is. What's the kid that played her bull? Come on. Joshua, do you have a search? Thanks, Pally. All right. Thank you. Freddie, Prince. Well, how's Freddie doing? Oh, geez. Now, let's see. His son is, uh, don't tell me what the, I haven't seen him at a long time. He just appeared. Thank you. I don't. He just, you know, he's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit kind of like a little bit coy. I don't know what his name is. But he just relax. Come on. Jesus. Well, you know. Remember, all this stuff lately. You're to, well, like a brain fart. I'm, like, a whole world. We, since they had that, uh, interrogation and investigation in, uh, um, immigration and degradation of, you know, if you, when that, the inquisition. That's fine. Oh, boy. No, no, no, no. I started to say before, I mean, this, this stuff would be a high. This isn't going to fly Jeff. Hi, you're pretty soon you're going to die with it without our help. without one more Twinkie man one more the host is Twinkie and I'm gonna put your fat ass in the piano box and it couldn't have been soon enough to make those happy you he he facts his me I wish you could see the copy he said I totally didn't see yesterday but it's just I wish you all the ins could see this the you can't complain about the professionalism of the Q.M. sales department because there isn't any there is none whatever an agency sends them no matter how difficult it is to read them out how teeny tiny to print is they just they just facts it here and like I'm supposed to like you know make chocolate over with it give me a break I want that treasure island thing straight now I want fat water show us fat ass in there and answer your questions see he's got great read disease you know what that is no running and hiding I see it's time called the acting like a child and playing hide and seek which is probably what Greg does best besides the course crew and up to station hey you love our lineup when we should go out with all it is WQA and hello hey Neil yes I was an asshole there was a few kids born already there were there were monsters yeah and they already named the kids escalate my call our truck and life for a girl right I'm available anyway I'm a new listener near you yeah I really love you shall I just know we are okay my sister went to soon he rock port and that yeah man how's been I'll be there and he's from the table like he's oh no yeah first radio job W. my first full-time W. W. B. T. and the table in the yard rest in peace yeah he likes karate movies I call him come full okay put where your head pound great day they can't you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now is that that the come pull the fist enters your own your life whoa boy that was bad and what we had that back to back with so to speak I asked to ask with I don't remember oh it was another oh it was a Freddie gosh finger oh yeah see how the one I remember all of this stuff and you're like baby baby baby right you didn't have been the same since they called you in and put you on a cross and uh... bronzer for about a half an hour out twice that's just once but twice yeah we want to make sure you were like extra crispy they probably want to send you ass next door to kfc there right on a corner I like a original recipe oh do you I don't like that's it I don't like for I'm not a big chicken person anyway that's the reason they make fried chicken is because just based on just by itself it's tasteless it's the same I keep telling you about certain other things without any accoutrements it's uh... bland like vanilla ice cream that like a seat just I I do light up the boat and the fingers I'm moving right along okay the last thing I need is that joy stitch that bitch on my ass holding conjure up that imagine that image norm says by the way joy she the must actually twenty smithing the lord that here clipper twenty six after a loaded five sixty w q m a main man and the need to have this is the wrong spot but the and the calendar says hi it's okay i mean listen a lot of pressure a lot of stress right we're all well crumbling at the scenes a q a and based on management that needs a lot bottoming a group of bottoming how's Gary started to understand he's walking around a hallway of the list to everything else with a bright smile on this face you don't listen fifty thousand dollars last year if you're answering well then it's time for career change don't take a rocket science certificate that out using your making chum change pick up the phone call our good friends at fast train be sure to come to tindrecto to call call one eight six six fast train they can have you trained ready for that new high-pain career as a last four months in fast train offer side demand high-paked we're training if you like computers if you even ever dreamed of becoming a computer never professional here's the uh... chance you have to get yourself out of that right into a real high-pain career call fast train today at one eight six fast train the demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high and fast-ranking every train ready for the new career in just how may for short months fast-rins got locations all over town they're in Miami they're in candle no speaking in less i.e. temperal pines and for longer to fast-rins offer job placement and financially for those who qualify as well they even in weekend classes forming right now as I speak so like i said if you look into improve your life and make some serious cash say goodbye to your class-old boss and get yourself a real job by calling fast train toll-free one eight six fast trains you were listening to Neil Roger it's lucidly on five six Friday night on e it's the making of the Enrique Glacier song heroes this is not what this is not what in rekes fans want you need to get in there you need to get a micro i know i know i know i got an idea look let me see if this world you run haha i know you will and we can't re-gate yes my minute is what it's gonna you know kidnapped in the kidnappers what they want for ransom is you just think the song or the kill Santa that is so sad that the classes with you to full man and yes i will sing the song please kill them you and would you run and re-gages look at this puppy on the TV isn't he cute she doesn't have a home he's starving on the street why would it be doggy star of this three but he's still on the record by seeing the song maybe we can find homes for all the little doggies in the world hey and re-gate what do you want for lunch today no i have to make a class it's from Whitney oh they don't even tell that anyone they don't make it any more because you were bad you know what though if you sing your song i'll make it for you and i'm gonna be this weekend on e it's an exclusive behind the scenes look as it making of the re-gate glaci is song hero and re-gate re-gate what the the newest polo's out and guess what special on the next you don't miss the making of hero and re-gate glaci is for the night on e everything in the same you know you know who's housey bought who used to look at how it's before he moved in there in the Miami I don't know Greg read yeah you did know and uh Greg had run around the first couple months he was learning and how to ask and where's the mole where's the mole yeah same one he always run another nine of the halls in the station who's the mole where's the mole yeah and then of course he looks in the mirror he says oh yeah there's the mole trump suit and did to become part of it's seven old hard rock casino speaking of slots i kind of separate in these stories which is my bad sorry but we got a little let me do these spot load there today don't hey listen two million dollars is spot or we're gonna run once out of week how's that all right yeah it'll be a whole of spot Donald trump able have Tommy do it it'll be for uh turned around five hundred thousand talent and you're gonna get screwed Donald trump has found loss of against the Baltimore base courtish company and his partners in the several hard rock casino project claiming the developers fraudulently they're represented themselves as trump associates to land the liquid of deal with the trump you know i don't know what's going on with these indians man i don't want to suggest that i'm getting really a sick and terribly 20 cigarettes with a whole of them and that whole v-fold business and then of course trying to let put all that propaganda under about slot machines are gonna like destroy tourism and their bad for the community and then the meantime all they want to do is grab up all the business for themselves you you know and this business about all well you know chiefs under third whatever his name is they're all well you didn't as been getting a screw about a white man ever since they came to this country and we got to protect ourselves yeah right the nice of the white man got a little slice of the action okay that's what we need the money for as opposed to just to let no new people that were sitting around smoking your peace pipe whatever you're smoking at pay-o-day ever see a coyote smoke pay-o-day no trust it's been three years and great expense tried to negotiate a casino development deal with the seminal travel was told by former company our Richard T. fields that such a deal would not be possible according to the lawsuit then the lawsuit legislatures field left trump's organization and formed a partnership with courtish company officials David as courtish and Joseph Weinberg who can fire domestic the seminal trial by creating the impression that trump was still behind the efforts aha the courtish team negotiated a contract to build hard rock hotel casino complexes on seminal reservations in camp on Hollywood that arrested made it during the developers 1.3 billion dollars over the next decade but evidently that's not enough they wanted all they want more courtish who was out of the country yesterday yesterday statement denying the claims in law so there's a ludicrous work of fiction and said that the suit had been filed a name of a trump company that is literally in bankruptcy trump's hotel casino company which includes three resorts in a line of city and casino operations in Indiana, California, five for bankruptcy we're in the station in November and anybody who ever has been charged in em casino is like an aborted director should look in right in the I'd say you're fired it and Donald you're fired it. Trump was busy planning a steward wedding later the smutters living in model millenia crowd in house declined a comment and analysis by the son based on public documents and marketing studies of the two casinos estimated that the courtish team can expect to be paid about 120 million by the seminal travel to first year of the project with revenues increasing annually in total in order to 1.3 billion after 10 years I'd like that the engines always in the middle of some kind of a contraption or it's to that poor defomant yeah yeah that that was anybody wondering why we didn't put defomant from two to four because he insisted the polyman and they've grurly had to be on with him what was that it uh was that it yeah that was the deal plus they had to do it from the Indians let's see my photos for Don knots oh come on yeah terrible it says maybe a good act but never really enjoyed the characters you play well I was saying he was a comedian okay it was on a Steve Allen show that we'd hear that was a Louis Nye and Tom Poston and Dayton Allen what are you talking about me and then it says three's company Andy Griffith what is that he's he's talking about show show show show show yeah well he's supposed to be like a Yahoo he was a good Yahoo and supposed to Andy Griffith we have any Griffith I don't think had that was in which he saw's but in that net lot thing when you mentioned that yesterday just about lost the Sunday's lunch met lot my ass five six seven is there a comment in there I'm just trying to figure out how to do that oh five six the pound five six you know it's called a uh and a mystery bill yeah it's an astonie bill five six seven oh five six the pound five six the end of Ryzen singular Ryder smile how is it line how is it possible to have such a sick mine I just don't get it where does come from lucky blood we didn't come from my father because he was a cold humorless fish I mean he was as cold as a block of eyes you know who does what he was doing outside the house what now I'm not talking about that I'm just talking about his whole ambia I like it and certainly a wit was uh wit was not us in his case and my mother well it looks a whole great call no about that Dominic you way and hello yeah aston kutcher aston kutcher okay great very good choice he sure about a pretty mouth but he couldn't act as well at a paper sack and then that's screener they got on that seventy show wow yeah what is his story what are your people you're people right around how to say okay okay so he's mankind always chicano whatever is at least chicano from chicano like your buddy Miguel from chicano what was that awful thing that Miguel came up with the yesterday that thing that nobody ever heard of before i forgot high school reunion yeah what is that it's uh what are these uh reality issues shows yeah reality issues are like real life is yeah well i never saw the show so i couldn't tell you about the theme but it's sir didn't even get any votes no no i'll british airways flight with 239 passengers flying from London's heat to air force in New York with 239 minute flight after a passenger flying on a French passport was found to be on the US no fly list US government sources said the passenger was placed on the no fly list in late December but that british airways did not have the latest no fly list in a statement british airways said the past year on Wednesdays flight was a man well there you go that narrows it down officials decided to identify him or say why he was on list which contains the names of suspected terrorists and those who helped them it was also on clear by british airways did not handle it is no fly list but he was and that's because the two busy run around uh with not the armbands on that's what's wrong with the brit so pay the give me the schmits Prince Harry your dude you're done you're done we're gonna send the fox is the hound took a go after you man you basket your bill it was also on clear what didn't have the list but he was government official tool seen in the myth that is disturbing was changed recently and may result in the laughs all sure of the terrorist are listening that a call to the airline was not immediately returned they were to busy on the way to Auschwitz flight one seventy from probably to have a party flight one seventy five lighted the batten birds my asking you believe that the batten birds I believe I think everybody ought to go on television right and first chance to get a newspaper is on radio TV and announced to the world that the real family are buncher frauds are a bunch of Nazi bastards is what they are okay the batten birds what was the allored lord bout batten was that his name I guess I forget the what they're doing the chain there he was in the dz chain somewhere fast me they were all like been an over that whole overall family there is to find I guess these to find shillings and pens and coins on the ground they're always in that bent over position the real family flight one seventy five landed back in in London without incident and the past you was taken to the custody by metropolitan police dear line said police said they question released a man at forty p.m. a US government official said the man's name was on the list because of a potential affiliation with known terrorist that were working out of Morocco all the time charged those people from the rock a man they are an Algeria who he was not under investigation for carrying out any terrorist act they said nor was the man born in France though he's carrying a legitimate French passport in the US TSA official said federal authorities asked British Airways that I've heard the plane to bang your main if you like your bang your main after the positive match was discovered British Airways opted instead of returning to heat for official said there was never threat to the airplane the statements said well there you go the only threat was you might land in England you will run you on by sixty six here's a little number I wrote the other day will not duck hunting with a judge or rock solid you very much the SEC you that are much for finding me five thousand bucks of so I'm really having bloody a small and high deflits was charged you mean so you very much the SEC approving the free speech just isn't free the clear channels appear travel so how it's done must go a term in general ask from doesn't like strong words and so he's charging twice as much is all the drugs for rushly low so if you want so they're in much so you very much they're missed a book all of you are really sitting on your torch for halibut and and run all the companies of ale let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail she's an opportunity rich rich and a so you also very much so you think you do you have anything you do your pays make up must be a faith you haven't got a lot as far as I'm concerned you're just a face if I so far and that's the reason you're like you're so so you're so very much forgiving all the less is all away it really is a summer when I can't feel my summer he owes us the no-goes are now the animals here to say the new care in the game are going to take blessing at a so you also very much so what the front of the sales the great white males you also very much it's a 145 speaking of Arnold by the way who's was it his father as grandfather was an Nazi I think was his father wasn't it sure let's say it was his father maybe he didn't go there and hang out in Auschwitz with Prince Harry in a whole world plan they get a party yeah they have a big uh... Nazi party there no way they call the Nazi party oh and less move as the c.o.o.c.b.s.s.s. you know got that egg on his face now where it was inspired employees and then rather getting shoved up I got good news for him because on radio and records is a story I just found here it says vyecom executive says expectations for radio must be lowered well less I got good news for it because you're a Q.a.m. our manager is working feverishly live up here standard and that's great so he ought to be very proud of us that's our stations for radio must be lowered several notches vurnin who obviously is got serious problems with his boyfriend uh... that says my two elections to the poor are the reason I say this because it's this is a little of gay you know bobby is gay and animus gay and vurnin the order one i think is really funny says my two elections to the poor are mr. t. from the 18 which is fine now that he died or not i know he had AIDS no he's running a somewhat like that religious channel on people are religion on that's what happens first they missed them and then okay and then it says this is really amusing because it says Hulk Hogan is hucko in an actor uh... yeah he's on shows he acts Hulk Hogan no no it says some corny maybe seal sure from the eighties that sucked yeah it was on it Hulk Hogan that was his name that's uh... the name he uses that says he had a shawl of the hogan was the actor on it's a stand-in of our set show i don't watch it but i know he was on one some boat show yeah Hulk Hogan's nightlight and water in noon and i learned something really dramatic today beside the fact that you have highs of peace of crap walking mound of elephant excrement five six seven five sixy pound five sixty on the horizon in singular wireless lines we did do that break it twenty of them i don't know what it is he i guess it's because i feel so hopped up or something so but he probably cross these usually it's the other way around across the breaks out of a henna time i give it to myself but now i'm having such a great time i'm like i don't know what that's all about see my deal is done okay with a lot of grief a lot of aggravation a lot of angst a lot of unnecessary agitation and manipulation and uh... palpitation destroying i i think i should take off another week right now you're on your own go this is like i didn't have a vacation alright no and that's supposed to be the nice long extended you know starting with all those holidays you get to bonus days near christmas and new years and christmas even years whatever whatever those are but thanks to Greg and joys and uh... who's yet my carol and be easily met by vacation i wouldn't wish it on the prince harry that's how better was that series with whole-cogan was called thunder and paradise oh okay i don't know what the problem is i'm confused because the things we do yes they seem thinking of hogan's heroes oh that's why i got all confused excuse me hey listen if i if you can be i think that the you'd love seven foot two pretty soon you'll have money in the air we've played for the heat of the team and up with uh... before the show is over he's seven foot five is a monster and he's he's pretty active though and yeah the thing that we're talking about about about about about about the uh... now they were sweetish and they didn't speak English right after the most part in the beginning certainly i think they're in the development of their records of course they're saying in English released the nestle we heard English French and Spanish among others where you get the kind of get to the point all right that's for in the same with you law he speaks with a very heavy british accent right here i'm like an interview or something but in movies like in the tell their mystery of the heat in the have like the slightest uh... none right how do you do that he's an actor oh i see that with the call that's what they call it that's what he calls it that would be like George double again after in speaking like an intelligence human being and i don't know what he did not i guess nobody connect that could w q and hello yes sir that's the key to that a cancer oh excuse me i'll put it for the city i think you're wrong i think you did have a done pretty sure you look at uh... i don't think that it i i'm telling you i if i'm telling him small and you okay right now i think he had something what do you think the eighteen more than that stood for covered in uh... q a m hello no yes sir did anybody i'm all in yesterday with uh... no are you doing the themes again yeah go ahead i don't care we don't listen more laid back we don't go out of our d-time george secure and spread the fact that you don't like poison and i want to give the beast if you're on because the beast is doing clearance anybody calling the bread and yesterday yeah did it they said that but don't do the crime if you can't do the time that's what they said yeah i think it and then we had a dump the car because he said something about uh... rubber plates clock at two five six seven is never was uh... that's what it was okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and a variety of singing the right of s lines as we're looking for the if you joined us in the stream and you missed one hell of a show in the first hour we were feel all kinds of interesting stuff i don't remember what it was but it was great about the engines and stuff and then i learned about hot co-man and now i know hot co-man see i had that hooking seriously on my mind because it was such a bad all of those shows like mash i don't match his very popular in all these people watch the last episode because it was high listen in america you can i have anything anything look at freaking the adults for christ sakes there is nothing if you use the right approach man you can hype and look at sure herbal life even a guy still did patapara spread apart look at rompopeo with his uh... pocket uh... fishermen thing there uh... right right how it's done now see now just because he's out of the station i just keep i like you to keep one thing in mind okay not that we're gonna suck up but it's still very possible that the serious people if they're serious and if they're smart they could pick the show up just like xm is picked up over in antony does that mean i have to pretend to like the show with that now you have to pretend like to show but don't do these retooled as ripses during just because he's sure enough for us and we didn't like it but he's very appropriate to the subject we were to say what was that all hype things that are all hot have a nice said that how it is the rest of hype and that in no matter what else you say about him you like him you dislike him you hate a show or like a show there is nobody in the history man kind i don't think it was ever at least in the broadcasting industry was ever a master at hyping everything he goes on letterman he does he has a press conference on a firm that he is student and his hanging out serious radios i mean he just did that's his thing man he's the man he's not the king of all media is the king of hype right and that's not a knock that's a compliment i believe me if there's anything i'm jealous of he said the thirty many years making and the fifty many is gonna be around 100 whatever he's making with him uh it's that work on this station and the only reason we got any press out of this my signing that deal at extension is because in roma can't he sent out the press well i mean i realize that's awfully difficult you know sent out a press released about twenty or three different media outlets that probably took about ten minutes i mean when norma can get something done these people can't what does that say because we all know about her he's too busy doing all those old sand sorry runaway tricks of his but in between he took him inside of his busy day and he did that and we got a lot of press out of it which was fine you know but not this outfit all right you got to know billboards what he didn't know what let me ask you this i'm glad i said we didn't that what's the story with the billboards there's still there there's still there doesn't say following how it's during the morning i see the never day we don't now and again i want to make it very clear yesterday we had another one problem there at the end of this show not my fault no not my fault here's the new legal ID that's over it's going to be a five sixty double you two oh my yeah be fortlottardy so it doesn't say how it's during the morning yeah yeah that that's just being disorganized and late uh and by the way some of the stuff you sent me clearance i wouldn't wish on a print theory but he sent me a CD a disc that's got some of the most distorted any other crap and then that one about uh what's the lot about the hammer what does that thing say oh i forget but it's pretty much what i'm talking right try to be cute oh god and the guy that does are all of our production for the station is usually very good so we sure hit my head a hammer oh yeah if i had a hammer oh god i mean yeah they are break if you had a hammer you'd bust that CD to a million pieces and then probably a tack liberator was responsible for right net crap clearance boy it's such a you know why the such a good move because i don't have to be there i just i just don't know how that place continues with all these two faced phony baloney backstabbing knife wielding assassins running around you know and you're the victim of a lot of nearly like the Gary Sarner Matty Bells in fat boys at a world who and clearance who you think is your buddy clearance don't be a shit in fact i'll tell you one thing next Christmas or holiday how to keep you wondering if scenes gets with them given some arsenic and all lace without the old lace okay how's that okay i'll buy it for you double to QM hello buddy W to QM hello you know what you got pali yeah i wanna tell about a thing sorry why to put on the spoiler you know who you think this is who you're speaking to crosswalk who also be sitting here to say kneel down who else could this be come on hello it's me you're right you're not out what what's the thing since that was yesterday's poll anyway what was it uh things on yeah maybe we'll do it all over again which one wasn't all in the best one apparently you're good Neil got it at let's see be able to help you we did that go i bet i got it i hate what i hate that show you never watched it already vivid i seen it listen there's no show back because that was on how we didn't have like they will wait for this everybody they damn it and man and then let's see where's it you got it no that was one of our bits well where the hell is Beverly Hilby was oh don't tell me I'm gonna go like because it's true this whole thing to find it really isn't worth it i'm sure most of the audience would say oh please they'd rather hear not get in touch with the people i just come to the conclusion you make that no soul man and that's just a great theme song i don't get it i think it's a racial thing i found the i mean the show sucks there's no question about that it was a horrible show that'll lie you know if i have to see it one more time well you guys don't really have those damn i get the whole album over here oh yeah i don't know if it's actually got the album and that's the wrong beat it's the bee's the heel though is you're playing there yeah the album from tv show so it's just got a million tracks of sound like oh great well there you go there's a little bandro picking for you little something love him 57 at five 60 w q a and Armstrong Ford vice president and general manager David rich called the other day and said he's overstocked right now with mustangs he said Armstrong Ford will blow off these new 2005 six hundred mustangs for as little as 17 nine that's the savings of over 3,500 bucks if you move quickly as somebody i know used to say if you move quickly plus they have a couple of 2,000 four models left and get this they let them go for just 12,499 the original MSRP on these was 1860 which means the savings for you over 50 600 bucks as in q 56 great deals plus Armstrong Ford on food tires and batteries for life like they always do with every vehicle purchase great prices added value in friendly service that's the big Armstrong difference so when you're ready for new vehicle come to the truth you just like family because being locally on the left rated they want to make you a customer for a life Armstrong Ford home to be sure and tell them that fat boy since you've done it they'll laugh their ass off Armstrong Ford home stood southwest 307 speed US one exit a Campbell drive off the turn bike prices include all factory regrets and discounts with a procredit plus tax tag and fee on 560 he did 12 the war now on wq here rock solid a sound that you think what I'm in it and I think they're really great I doubt that you can't hit a one or two much less all eight eight sound that you hate from and from the boys they will surely separate I tell you what they are guaranteed you'll go yeah I like finger nails on a blackboard people practice next for their knuckles when I rough start with all together that just makes me just a little ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha eight sound you can't stand with you guitar or if you were a handsome man I am at the list of eight a fork and a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate here's one I really love you might want to try it give me feedback in my headphones I am that more like it little more little more over there little more yeah hey sound so unique now let's review so you can really really free figure nails on a blackboard people practice next for their knuckles rob it I will fall together cause it makes me so close I play new sneakers on a gym floor waiting in a woman on window when it's intense and thrilling my more that makes me just a little my boy singing on this record yeah you can't do that fine china if these have given you the shivers that make you a winner hey you go nuts to someone fight their fort like this cause I love it here I'll do it again do you have a nervous system left how about the squeegee whitetail with a line back my neck stop for a whitetail stop for you whitetail wait I got one more come on to the 560 WQM happy 32 there's some good news for a tune how you like that I got a great story right let's get in I'm gonna step in it on judge says evolution stickers must be revolved from textbook in Joja all right well you tell I mean deliver in so many years ago what near that movie come out about 76 72 72 it about 1070s and here we are like coming years later not 30 years later and it's still like uh then I make too much progress there for example if you watch Mississippi burning and then you see some of the scenes from my Mississippi and what goes on over now you realize that maybe some of the laws have changed but the people ain't be changing you know I mean oh yeah still the same narrow minded the and the end is all bigoted closet and uh oh anyway are you a district court judge has ruled that a school district in suburban Atlanta must remove an evolution disclaimer inside textbooks the stickers inside the cab county school district science books said evolution is a theory not a fact the ruling should buy you just district judge parents Cooper said the stickers violate the establishment clause the US constitution of course he is absolutely correct parents in cab county politically conservative area north west of Atlanta right and the ACLU had challenged the stickers in the court arguing they violated the constitutional separation of church and state and let's get those 10 commandments out there in churvin your face let's put some of them that Jesus do some people from the public let's uh guess square squeeze those beads you know right a bull crack 72 December to deliver it's bad news though let me give you a little clue twenty five this will couple and about this high-filler festival of youth. You can do that bringing about from the past few years of patience on the subject of our ethics in general. But right now, Wala. The dreadment of Wala. So, what can we eat? Anyway, guess who died? Act for a stomach of a wife of a man who's died in an 84. Oh no. Fell m'await his portrayal of a hard-bore of addiction queen in 1936 movie Reef of Madness was largely forgotten until a film resurfaced in the 70s in a cult classic, Donna Pinnomonia, who's the anti-motion picture in television hospital in Woodland, Hills, you would 94. But that's old enough. Born in 1910, white was a cardival performance at toddler, progressed to Vaudeville radio and movies, and that's old enough in the 1990s. Three. And you're thinking about it. Right. Born in 1910, she was a carny performer as a toddler, progressed to Vaudeville radio and movies. Have that teamwork with the Chico. Marks. Then worked as an agent and producer for many years. During her hate-as an actress, she appeared alongside such legendary performers as. WC Fields, Will Rogers, Red Skullton, thought-lash, and Jack Penny. A.K.A. Great Reed. What's a curator placed in Hollywood history, however, was a movie so awful that its memories still made her shutter 50 years later. Maybe I should have played what was that? What? You hear that? Oh, that's the effects me. Well, that's clear to hell out of me. A little more of that about the, uh, here you go. I remind you a little bit of that bit. We can't play anymore playing bagpipes. Right. There's that thing where you mean, why? Come all of a sudden, I know where the, uh, my fast machine started doing that little ring thing. I don't hear it. Can you hear it at all? No. No, good. I do that. Oh, that pretty- That's that British ring. Right. We for madness was a little budget propaganda come in by a religious group to broadcast a dangerous marriage or warna. It was regulated a cinema waste heat for almost 40 years till 1972 when Keith Straub, father of the National Organization for the Reform of Merrill wanted to discover it in the Library of Congress archives and pay 297 bucks for a print. He then screened in the York as a benefit for the Africa's group unwittingly launching it on the road to Colctum history. Then moving with scene by Robert Chey, who recognized its appeal as a hilarious of unintentional parody, he re-released it through his then fledues on company New Line Cinema holding midnight showings until the film became a high camped, especially popular on college campuses. Based on early successes such as Re-Firmadness, New Line grew in a force and entertainment industry responsible for nightmare on Elm Street and other hits. Today, the film is now- is that the same Freddy and Freddy got finger to his pretty Krueger- just a joke? That's some finger. Oh yeah, some fingernail. Today, the film that critic Leonard Matt Malton calls the granddaddy of all worst movies. Still commands a lower audience on the Colcturricate. Amazon.com ranks Re-Firmadness number 35 on a list of 100 best selling cult movie videos and it's been viewed more than 19,000 times in recent years at www.archive.org-slashmovies. I'm ashamed to say that it's only one of my films has become a classic, why do they more than 40 movies and short three and the 30s and 40s told the times in the interview in 87. I hide my head when I think about it. She said, and in that it was a dreadful film. And now that you mentioned, the guy who was a plane of panoramic there, he in and rents you I think were like cut out of the same cloth, right? Same guy. That's for their honour. Born film of Walpha in Lincoln Nebraska, by was the daughter of I'd see it just there again. Okay, I can't look at that. I'm not dumb. How about that? What that is? I was a little serious. My pants was made of pure Canadian bathroom. That's actually an anti-misalment effect, but you know. Maybe it rings like that one from a call from England. Well, I just blow it or what? That was a guy wanted to make a money transfer. I should have given him the address. Oh man, I stupider one. I'm sorry. And then before you come to the thing, you blow my backs. What does that mean? Anyways, it says right with overracking an archmeldrama. The movie was a flop. Furthering the insult to rights with shoulder producer of exploitation films is screened on the real circuit after adding top receipts. Despite her unwholesome role that up became one of the most notorious exploitation movies of the 30s, light continued to earn featured parts and traveling reviews Lee Western Abraught. Few is quite a broad. Now speaking of rods, Josh Cortish is going to like probably dispute this story, but you know something that's right here in print from the wires over the sun's settin' so there's a slight chance it could be accurate. Wow. Listen, Cleveland, a playboy playmate accused of karate kicking the extrale friend of NFL quarterback Jeff Garcia. Uh-uh. Was it quick that yesterday of a Mr. Meena Resalt charge? I didn't like that, right? I had buying it. Wow. I got a list that on other side. I think he's selling it. If he were, uh, I don't think it would go over. But on the other of the chesery who's dating the Cleveland Browns player was convicted of violating protection and protection or replaced on probation for one year. George, an evil laser may is also ordered to chesere whatever her name is to pay 150 dollar fine and serve 24 hours of community service. A quite an testimony. Uh-uh. Garcia dated Kristen Hein 32 four or five times believe her dropped her for the chesery 22. Oh, brother. Wow. Now let's see. Which, which is the hot looking one here? Is that, uh, I don't know which one is which. Oh, you got pictures? Oh, man. You go to uh, Sun Sentinel. All right. Where it says entertainment you know when you scroll way down and it's got like sports news and business news and then like entertainment news and I had line play made of the or quit in can't fight over to him. Quarter. The model. Oh, brother. She is really something else. And the other one, the alleged bar five victim. She, she makes um, stay. I can't take of it. I'm kind of going far. On, uh, Scott Peterson, girlfriend. Amber. I am Amber. Amber Fry. Will Amber Fry? We sure hope so. I just, I don't know what it is. I've tried to forget her. But anyway, she makes sure look uh lovely. Wow. No wonder she kicked her in the groin. However, it says the plane made of the or testified when they did the car see a cheated on her with hind. Nasty phone calls and threatening voice mail's followed and come late in a confrontation August 21 of the trampline club. Well, that's a good place to this pitch. Name calling and suit and a friend of hind's dumped a drink on the chaser. Each woman had to be restrained. Hine accused the chaser we are grabbing a dance pole and kicker in the head. Was that the seizure? I don't I don't know. CESA RE. I don't know. The chaser we the seizure told the judges that she was dancing on the table while her hind's friends started coming at me full force, swinging like her guy. She said she kicked the woman in the self-defense but denied kicking hind. Garcia testified that the chaser we the seizure was depending herself. It's embarrassing that I'm here today to be caught up in a situation like this he said. On there you go. I think the whole thing's probably a publicity stand to butcher his image after you been like a seen these terrible things of Adam Jeff. Yeah, I think so. Shame on him. Oh, and the British boy banned busted are going in separate ways. Who? September 2003 with a two with a single what I got what I go to school for. There hits also include crash to wedding and you said no. No. And the appeared in documentary about the attempts to break into the US market which obviously failed. So there you go. His little bit of that showbiz crap. What are we going to do about poor Jeff Garcia? Yeah, stop saying that when you please quit. I'm I'm getting done found. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm 60 60 I'm I was I don't know I'd be helping finance line 11 by giving money to unit power, or abacol and the god lives. I've turned my lights on last night. How's that? I know I was paying James Biggs great things. I need to do today. How was I to know I was providing bath water to the middle east? Well, the manning somehow can't get me. Every time he's like a marijuana cigarettes, you're helping defense right now in all the lords and breaking the law based on the old movie refer madness. Better Joe on a is the good of all mankind. I just have to reaper join now I'm right man you know or now I just have to switch down. This is a paid for by the country. Keep them out getting the dark ages. Well, there's here in the last scene. I've been enough to call the public criticism here. A basis choice of dress. And there have been many people yeah, where I should dress next time you go to a wedding here. The public apology. It's not the first time in the country. I've been involved with the right in the trade for the media of the last year or two. That's great. This. I wonder what the BBC that's what we should have been doing today. You know what? And now we're in some business craft. I'm not a professional. Crochet. And his colleagues face a dollar. Cutty. You're so on that. You've been in a one of his behavior like that. Okay, I can't blame him for it. And set pretty ass silly upbringing. You know, we're the hounds in a whole deal. So I just looked up this girl. We can't pronounce her name. But I like you say it. The chesery. Yeah. The seizure. Yeah, she's pretty hot. Yeah, Georgia. We want to look at make a picture is over behind the B. to curtain. Well, that was the great tomorrow would be fantastic. I got one right now. All right. She is really something else. And of course the other one. Do you see the picture of the other bro? No, I went to the I found the story. There were no pictures on the story that I found. Yeah. I only had one the picture of her. Well, I got news where I got a bonus picture. I got the other one to yes. Oh, it's just nasty. First TV actor, after his ever TV, that's the opponent of board. Not movies, not, you know, whatever else. The leader is Tony Danza 47, but Chuck Norris is given a run for his money 45. Donald Trump 38. David Cruz, so 29 the guy with the orange hair. Rose Anne 19. Well, Smith 16. And so Williams 13. Mr. T 11. I think he's got cancer. JJ Walker 11. Didn't he? He did look that up by the way. I didn't. Oh, wait him. Shattered 10. Donnie most nine. He is most disturbing. John St. Louis nine. I take personal assessment of that. Kelly Rippo, eight. Ellen D. Gen. Red 7 John Ritter 6 Danny IELL 6 Andy Griffin 6 Tall Cogan 5. Not that we confused with Hogan series or Richard Dawson. Isn't that the show where you're Dawson? Which one? Uh, Hogan's heroes. Yes, he was. And that was a fine show. So I don't know what he didn't like that. Ah, He was asked in Kuchi Kuchi for Don Johnson 4. Vincent, Donald 304. He's in the fourth race at the Yonkers. Buddy F's in four. Freddie Prince Jr. Three. He even disappeared in me. Uh, Haven't seen him lately. He was kind of pretty, but pretty bad actor. He is awful. Now let me ask you this. What what TV stuff was the on? I don't know that he was. I don't think we Freddie Prince Jr. was somebody said Freddie Prince. Not Freddie Prince. Buddy Jr. But we were talking about Freddie Prince Jr. Yeah. And of course right away. See this is the, this is the problem we got with the deals. If you just mentioned somebody's name, Josh, like you're filming all of a sudden, Josh gets all the emotional and the good sound of the poll. We were talking about Jr. At the Honage Jr. You thought about senior man, senior. Can we eliminate that Jr? Yeah, we can do that. Oh, and he's still getting votes. WQA Hello. WQA. Hello. Hey, I'm Leo. Yes sir. Hey, how are you doing today? I got to wait. Somebody for your poll, I think. Yes, glad to have you. Everybody's been calling and new stuff. Uh, new people. I'm not, uh, Jeff Roe, Mesh Bear. Mesh Bear. Yeah. That's the one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who's your brother? The mobile is. Yeah. Broly Hillville. Okay. You got him on. I'm on. See you next beer. Okay. Now see if I'm that furniture store? Sure. Oh, speaking of sponsors, we'll get to a minute. Sponsors and former sponsors and would be sponsors. Don't forget we're going to have one spot a day on QM. It's going to be four million dollars. A word. And Tommy's going to do it. And it's going to be four and I'll get to it. Treasure Island. And you won't give the talent. And you won't get to go there anymore on Wednesday. And you will not pass going out to elect any dollars. Because the heat should be like poisonous. Especially mighty bell who's a liar. Governor QM Ly 9. Hello. Hey, I don't. Pretty good. Good. Good. Two for your pole. Madon. Yeah. Well, Smith's on your hood, Madonna. Yeah. Is it TV actress? Yeah. She wants you to go. What TV? Yeah. Oh, I bought this. You are. That's a good one. No, man. Yeah. Can I get the proper spot for Bugad, don't please? Who are you? Bugad Run. Bugad Run. You got to roll it. Bugad Run. The Ron Taneberg company said yesterday. And that's one of our finds sponsors. I believe I wonder what Adams doing with that account. I sure hope he didn't blow them out of the water. They've been out with me on this show for how many years now. Not 30 men. Yeah. Our sales department, man. They're a wall. They're like Bush and Cheneyward during Vietnam. They're a wall. They're nowhere to be found. They're like doing the old Gregory, the Hyden Seek Deal. Mostly Hyden. And we're seeking. We're seeking some answers, okay? Adam. See, this is what happens when you got a bunch of guys out together back there. And we're going to what they do is they all plant the seeds. Well, this is what we're just going to avoid dealing with. Yeah. They just hide. They don't make an appearance. For Montenegro company's idea, say we continue selling its straight jacket and crazy for you, bear, through Valentine's Day, despite protests from mental health advocates. We recognize that this is a sensitive human issue and sincerely apologised if we offended anyone at Comedy 7th statement that was certainly not our intent. The bear was created in the spirit of Valentine's Day and was all our bears was designed to be a life-hearted depiction of the sentiment of love that added. The bear being marketed for Valentine's Day comes with commitment papers and is meant to convey out of control love. I don't know how fabricates believe the bear is a tasteless use of marketing that stigmatizes persons with mental illness. Jerry Gossel, the executive director of the Rajapta National Alliance for the Mental Iel, wrote to the Shelburne-based company. A straight jacket is not a symbol that we want to associate with sales of a teddy bear for loved ones over Valentine's Day Gossel said. And the use of commitment papers, legal documents committing an individual memorial to a treatment is not something to be taken casually. I think we don't have this guy, Baker acted. Talk about a guy with no sense of humor. All these people for all these organizations, you know, the pet of people and this guy, he asked that the $70 bear be pulled from the company's shows. Gossel said he has to pour for a move on the bear from other mental health advocates. The company said it would just continue to bear, but not before Valentine's Day February 14. This bear was developed just for Valentine's Day. It's not a permanent addition to our product line. The company's statement said the bear will remain an offering for Valentine's Day. And that's it. You go, boys, guys. The complaint is the first to see about the company about the bear which began selling the 15 inch creature days ago. Always something secret to wood pile out there. We don't like this. We don't like that. We don't like that. We don't want to stick with sizing the mentally all the day. I don't know. They're not a challenge. We have many mentally challenged people. We're going to QAM. Right? Well, in fact, that was you did. A lot of people would think I'm probably mentally challenged for resigning with these people, which I think they probably have a good point. WQAM, hello. Hey, Palay, how are you today? Okay, Palay. Hey, listen. Yesterday, you were talking about those TV shows, new missions that can speed and brown show. Did you turn brown show to you to do a fun off the two actors of Rona? No. It was just brown blue and pink green. Ah. Okay, he's pretty good. Yeah, big gold blue. Well, my God. And I don't want to be a post today. Kim Chateboro. I mean, that's like forget about it. He's made a few hit like hell and I don't know. He's never made the several poses. But I'll keep Palay. Thanks, good choice. Hey, and also feel, can you give me a favor? Can you give me a favor? Point anything. A little clip of Drew Michaels. I love you, bad C. Okay. Oh, we can't play. I hate to birds. I forgot to do that over here. I have to do that. Another break already? Not quite yet. He was almost as good as the sheep, but not quite. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But there's sure there's been some fantastic talent coming through this time. You know what I mean? I think I must admit most of it. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, Neil? Okay. I don't got a couple for your poll. First would be the entire crew from my facts of life. Okay. You're looking for females. The other would be I want to six. Oh, oh, what a choice. How could you forget him? Oh, man. And that one makes me six. And then closing. Why don't you go back to fucking him, Palay? You're not the bastard. That was good. I like that. Yeah. Oh, we got a clip by the way from CNN. Do you hear what the French say? I am not a bastard. Well, I guess his, his BBs must have got because his voice you're a drug grammatically and lies to 24 hours. Protesters plan to mark Bush and algorithms speaking about the racist people like the world family and our world family, the Bush Mises, which include, of course, your fan ask Governor Jim. Protesters march to Washington, stage a die in across from the White House and turn their backs on President George W. Bush's limousine during his inaugural celebration next week, ordered as his v. Sanious today. In fact, that's a great t-shirt. I'm seeing that it says turn your back on Bush. Click here for the inauguration day action and the end, of course, the guy standing with his back back to the camera. As U.S. authorities prepared, I'm pressing it as security for the January 20th event, I'm much glad I'm going to blow a 50 million bucks. Organizers said thousands of protesters will stage a noisy counterpoint to the lavish here at this 40, but it's $50 million celebration. One group of anti-war activists said it would show a thousand coffins to the White House and stage a die in to protest the lives lost in Iraq. They're going to be in the coffins yelling. I'm dying out of the hands. Another group said it obtained a permit to protest the country. The permit to protest the long-term two hundred foot section of the parade route, but planned to sue for more access to the large sections of Pennsylvania Avenue, set aside for Bush supporters. The Bush administration in conjunction with the National Parks Services tried to stage managed democracy and said, Mara Verhide and Hilliard, a lawyer for the anti-war group, international answer. A spokeswoman for the U.S. Secret Service, which is overseeing security for the UN, they tried to meet a comment. There were two busy interviewing Michael Moore, process street. What I was seeing was that? Chinese. Was it? I don't know. It wasn't a Chinese embassy. Famous. I don't know. It was a back-to-stand. Real must have been it. U.S. authorities decided to involve thousands of police troops in bomb-saving dogs in the First and All-Revenancy, September 11, 2000, a lot of times. Spectators will pass through metal detectors before attending any inaugural events or watching the parade from the street. Organizers said the protests were to express opposition to a range of Bush policies from nowhere in Iraq to economic programs. That's the war in Iraq. We're facing, I just can't do that. The war in Iraq. There it is. We're facing Iraq when future that has no stability for the country. The Black people in the Foreigners' country said, Shaza Zingha, the little kind of Wayne Zingha, founder of the National Alliance of Black Panthers. I want to feed a rales in that one. Though the endangered Black National Alliance of former Black Panthers or Black former Panthers. Hey, how do I know how to do it? I'm defeated still. All right. What organization called Turn Your Back On Bush, wants people to stake out spots along the parade route and turn their backs on Bush's little Zing when it rolls by? There are a lot of people who feel Bush has turned his back on men and the field director Sarah Kaufman said, who says he's expecting bus loads and participants from all across the nation. And a separate Black cloud, a separate event, Black cloud anarchist away of puppets. Just like that movie you keep telling. What is it? Team America World Police. Boy, that's a hot-up puppet's going anywhere. Now, wave puppets and beat drama to protest capitalism organized government said, Lila K of anarchist resistance. Bush is an auguration plan. It's also drawn protest from the district of Columbia government, which says it's security cost for the adventure. Not come out of its home-out security budget. We, the people of Washington DC, rejected Bush by over 90% of the last election said, Washington, where's an anti-Shiya. Maybe this is our punishment. Shiya, soon or later she's going to come out. I'm going to say something. Petri Mal. Absolutely. Okay. You can. You can. I said, no, we will be there. Okay, let's go to the end. I just tell you. Why you remain away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stay away? Why you stayed away? Why you stay with me? Yeah, this time we've got about four or five times, okay? And they'll still figure that 1232 to a 560 WQAM. And more on Harry's, and was wondering, doing a break. Is Prince Harry, or their British, do they say? Prince is British, but before you're to ban, yeah. See, I'm so far ahead of you, man. You're just trying to, like, to reach the highest curie. You're trying to catch up all day. What's the pills? Corsair, what is it? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. That's why Tommy's doing this spot. You sound too stoned all the time. Did Frank work come in and explain anything to me yet? No, the girl went into constant and got the other story. And what's the story? Is it something we can discuss on the year? I guess I'm just, we're due to appearances for a while and not spots. What do you mean we, Tom, what do you mean? Who would that be? People that go down and do the appearances myself, the girl. Right. By the way, that's great. Can't do it. 25? Yeah. No, this is just, I'm like me. I don't know what this is. I just keep freaking across the brace out, which is bad. Cause then I'm right in the long one break behind. It's only 1215. What? We'll cross the next one out and then you'll be ahead. Okay, good. Well, frankly, we'll make too much difference. Kind of breaks we got. But before we get back to a Prince, Harry, in a bid to dramatically cut cause, South Florida's chief that Rose is proposed to posing New West Court House in Fort Lauderdale. Oh my God. And splitting its caseload between Miami and West Palm Beach, that is outrageous what that is. It is absolutely unacceptable. Yeah. Chief US District Judge William Tays Lock, said in the recent memo to another senior judge that shutting down the courthouse on Howard Boulevard could save federal taxpayers more than a hundred million dollars in the first year and about 7.6 million each year thereafter. Slice proposal to do a sharp objection from elected officials and community leaders in Howard County in county. Howard leaders meet the court houses an important part of Fort Lauderdale's role as the county's seat and it's driving to become a thriving urban center. The court house offers jobs, attracts law offices and brings prestige. It will be a devastating move to the community since state where President Jack Sottler and Democrat of Wilton Manors. Oh, Wilton Manor. Gay. Your average juror will get what happened to travel an hour and a half to three hours to get their caseload that concerns me he said. The move could also cause jobs for a courthouse personnel and fourth US Marshall service, federal public defenders and private law firms to reconsider their braward operations. Carlos Lorenza, a civil law litigator in Fort Lauderdale was not pleased with the prospect of longer drives for court appearances, but he added advances to technology could reduce the burden as he now files documents electronically and downloads information from the court's computer system. It wasn't clear from his last memo how soon the court has my close whether he's still open a staying in Fort Lauderdale is been looking for a new site for years in part because of the existing courthouse at the corner of Bowerville about on third Avenue since close to the street where federal officials say it's vulnerable to a car bomb or other attack. They've proposal first before the yesterday by the Daily Business Review come to the federal court system, looks to cut cost nationwide in the phase of growing caseloads and serving expenses and limited congressional funding. Oh, yeah. We got too many other official fry too much other pork that we have to pay for. Now, get back to this is from, I don't even know what this is. A London website called this is London.com. It says, and this goes to show you what kind of people we're dealing with. Okay. If he if hitler wasn't a bomb the London, they probably would be okay with all of that. You know, okay. I'm telling you, right? Just like the Austrians man, they were more rabid than the Germans ever dreamed of being the Austrians aka Arnold Schwarzenegger's family. A snack pool that they show that most people are not outraged by Prince Harry turning up to a fancy dress party dresses and Nazi in the this is London survey. 63% of the 1500 voted felt her 80 to be badly advised or just made an innocent mistake. How can you make an innocent mistake when you 20 years old and you put a you put a swastag on your R band on your thing? He missed it. It didn't realize the Jews are so touching. Only 37% of those taking parts have even discussed advice actions. The full result seemed to provide support for her is apology over making a poor choice of costume. Oh, yeah. So in other words, if he would add a cool clock standoff and I would appointed cap, I would have been a poor choice of costume, huh? Yeah, in the point. Bigoted bastard. You talk about racist. Oh, and forget about the mugwums in the South and the US. Air beware that they win as they were colonizing the world. I mean, I'm the evening to go into a do I? What's the British do? No. Of course, everybody, they weren't just too easy. It wasn't ordinary to know. No, it was everybody. Basically, he had slave status for the dirty. You were the more slavery. It's more slavery here. Yeah, right. Former British Army commander Bob Stewart has criticized Harry. He's saying Prince Harry must be an enormous idiot with minimum common sense. He's made a grave mistake. Absolutely correct. Colonel Stewart added, if I hadn't officer went to a party dressed as a Nazi, I would have him dragged in front of me and as his commanding officer would have given him a punishment of 14 days extra duties. Well, that'll teach him 14 days extra duties. You silly ass brits. Man, probably would have cut down on some of the rations of the food too. Probably would have cut back on some of that toad and a hole in spotted dick. Other people I've different views, but it's bad taste. You know why my officers seem like that. It's likely he would have been punished for bringing me officer according to this repute. Yeah, 14 days extra duties. Man, how's he going to be able to put up with that? Much of pampered, prissy ass, candy ass, baguette, brits, food out of you, kidd man. Now, get my putty cross or what? No, let's say it again. Fuh, hey, man. Yeah, that whole royal family. Not only are there all bunch of Germans are all a bunch of, like I said, they spend a lot of time bending down, hunting you. You know, hunting is a big deal. I'll be over there in England. That's right. And if the foxes are in the mound, they have to like kind of bend down toward the ground. The worst TV actor ever is or was or actress, not too many women on this list. Tony Danes is 61. Chuck Norris, 51. Maybe the moral of the story is that if you're a woman because Hollywood, like every other institution in America is sexist, if you're a woman in can act, it's hard to get a job. Right. Almost you got big vizumbus. Right. But if you're a man and because there's so many men on TV, you know, you can get in there, depending on who you know and who you. What he did is a 61-chug Norris 51. Donald Trump 46. What at orange hair. David Kuruso 31 to see the orange hair guys are back side by age. Rosanne 24, Will Smith, 20, J. J. Walker 15, Mr. T. 14. I think he had the hiccups. William Schander and Anderson Williams, each have 13. John Stamos 11. You're picking on blackie. Shame on you. What do you people think about it? Is he still on it show that he that awful show he was on? I wouldn't know. What do you know what I mean? Is horrible sitcoms like family ties or whatever those are. I never watched any of this shows. Donnie most 10. Although it is a good radio in a minute. Donnie most. It is come like Donnie B. Kelly Riponine, Hulk Hogan 7, Ashden Kuchi Kuchi Kuchir 7, L. N. D. Gen. 7, Danny I. L. 7, couldn't act if his life depended on it. John Witter 6, Andy Griffith 6, Freddy Prince 5, without the junior. John Johnson 4, Vincent Donner 3.0 4. Buddy, Absen 4 died last year at the age of 90 something. John, we've all seen three. Jolio White 2. Jolio White, that's Erkel. Is Jolio White? Yeah. No. No, we're in this bachelor 2. Alan Thick 1. He's married 2 or they used to be married. Maybe he still is a revo from guiding white. I think whatever. Am I right about that? I don't know who rebae is. You wouldn't know revo from a little Eva. How do you like that? I don't like you. You leave it over with low commotion. The cookie is not saying nothing bad about my baby. Remember the cookies with a little Eva? Well, get with it. You're a taste in music, man. It's just Alan Thick 1. No votes for Max Bear or David Bernie. Now, what about let's see, Meredith Faxter, Bernie. Wasn't she on 8, 8, 8 isn't off? No, family ties. No. Yeah. That's the only show she was on with family ties. Probably not the only family. Yeah. Do it. I'm going to do an IMDB. OK. OK. And the DB of course stands for Sunny B. You're listening to music with me, Rogers. Oh, oh. And of course, makes a lot of fun. Come too, like lately. Meredith Faxter, here you go. Here's six pages of stuff. And I'm going to tell you right now, even though I had the wrong show, but very similar genre. Yeah. What should I say? She was on no-one. 8 is enough. 8 is enough. She was on family, right? Which was a very similar series. Yeah, very family. You would think it was Sarah, not Sarah Jessica Parker. That's fat. Very good actress. And James, who I think died. James Earl Jones. No, not James Earl Jones. Little lighter than that. Look what's his name. I was. Young Welsh was an actual Willie. Gary Frank played Willie. That's probably why I watched it. He was all right. Anyway, Meredith Faxter, June 21st 1947, not that word. She's not on a beat of curtain today. We got the Elmer First name, much better picture. All the murder factors back on the day she went to bed. She was cute. Yeah. I think we're in Habe. One booed picture, ever. Well, let's get around her one day. One day next week. I mean, the booed is big, but the picture is. She was born on exact same date as family ties co-star Michael Gross. Totally Toledo. June 21st 1947 in South Pasadena. Now, she was in the, uh, let's see post production most on fabulous social life of Ethan Greene. Come out this year. Angel in the family. Uh, a TV thing. Devil's Pond. A Christmas visitor after man with a mother's fight for justice murder. Run your right and express the Wednesday woman elevator seeking Miracle on 173. Down will come baby. Totally Joe. I'm going to how holy Joe is in these days. I'm going to show back in the day's Hank was talking about. Holy Joe. Who does best friend some preacher lunatic. Let me call you sweetheart Miracle in the woods. The inheritance. Oh, she's got this list goes on my breast. Uh, yeah, that's what I got the picture from. It's about a great story of three women. One more mountain for love of Aaron. Let's see her final fury woman scoring. Buffet in the night. Jessabel's kiss burning bridges. She's been, is he is good? If she weren't good, she wouldn't be getting this much work. She goes too much. That's what I'm going to be about to leave. Winnie. As song about my dog. Long journey home, Kate's secret. Family ties vacation. The rape of Richard Beck. That was a good movie. Yeah. And the sequel, the rape of Todd Drec. Take your best shot. Family ties. There it is. TV series. 1982. Vandenice. Two lives of Carol Wagner. I'm coming to the other one. I said, you will land the family man. Little woman. No member plan. But as we love all the presents. Ben She was in. And 1976 family. A TV series. Nancy Lawrence, Mittland. Was the attire for the two played? Okay. Sarah. Oh, geez. What's that was her name? I do a Google on family. Okay. The TV show family. Sarah Totten. Come on. Let's get with it. The night that panic to America. The imposter. The stranger who looks like me. The invasion of Carol Enders. The cat creature. Richard loves Bernie. TV series. Ben. She was in Ben. Oh. Let's play a band by Michael Jackson. Oh, not. And stand up and be counted. She's been ever. She's a fine lady. Merid. Backstreet. We've heard of Bernie. But that's the end of that. She threw his ass on the gurney. Oh, you'll be pleased to know. And I say this verse are cancerously, which is unusual for me. We did do that break before you didn't we? No, this is never happened. There's been a show that I'm like. A lot of times I'll get a hidden cross one out. And then I'm all confused. But I've never like not crossed them out when you're playing. Because that must be because you've got such long breaks. That's it. I have time to cross them out. Let's see. Suzanne Summers. Martin Martin short is short. I would agree. This is that note. He always made to know that. And he's annoying. He's Canadian. Yes, he is. That's he TV. Suzanne Summers. But she's got. She's summarizing. No, he's got that great. So, scammed. I mean, that great guy. Let's say, here's a fact that says Neil God, you're the best in so it's yours. Well, he's pretty good not the best. Well, if he were the best, what the would they need me for? I would like to know the notes. I'll react to this. Torrey spelling. Oh, yeah. I had a bad one. I don't want to read that word. I'm a lawyer listener for over 15 years since the Janet Jackson crap you have a Mr. Step, you've also been able to say, Faggot and all other fun stuff. Faggot. Right. And even once in a while. Hey, man. And Maddie Cohen and Boogarone things like that. Because of our business, see, life without a scapegoat is worth a damn. The kind of like paraphrase that line of Babylon here is religion without a hell is worth a damn. Life without a scapegoat is worth a damn. It says, so please, please, before it's too late, play Boca Brian's Junior number one hit. You can't. What does that mean? I'm not going to love something. We can't play that anymore. Oh, Boca Brian Junior. Of course we can't play that. And it's got 85,000. Yeah, it is. It's not about a series of foul Hispanic words, man. It's funny. Which is why we love it. It says, thank you. Number one fan. P.S. A shimmest request. Nobody whips him. But, geez. It says, also, I know you love Cabez. But I'm sure you'd love to get a hammer. Wow. Wow. I'm so impressed. Our. Here's another one that says, Jim will be on today too. I haven't announced me to make any case there was any doubt. Just stations, dams, for nothing. I don't even want to read this. I mean, is this for serious or is this like a game that they're playing? Is this like to try to create some contrived controversy and excitement? This is God to be the dumbest mother scratch in Pilegar. Would I have ever seen in my pathetic whole life? I just can't believe it. Can you? Yeah. I can believe it. By the way, that is the biggest pile of forcecraft I have ever seen in my freaking Fractan life. Amen. By the way, what? What are you thinking about say to Thompson? Say to Thompson and James. I'm certainly the cast, but not that. Yeah, he was good actors. I think she also is a person of busy James Goddard. James Goddard. James Goddard said he was very good. And then he went blind for a few weeks in the show, but then all of a sudden I'm Miracle happy. But yeah. The fact that I just picked off the machine from Clarence Dero, our program director says, I've just turned it to pieces but I can remember pretty well. In fact, these are words that are enveloped in my brain and probably will never leave. Because I'm in such incredible disbelief. This radio station is in such a state of chaos and is in a process of trying desperately to self-destruct. I have never, ever dreamed in my wildest nightmares that a bunch of incompetent idiots could sit around and screw things up. This is God this stuff. The day is God to come. This must stop. I know that's kind of humorous when you deal with this outfit. But this jerk and the audience around and changing and moving and playing games. This is what happens. You wait till the last minute when you don't have your ducks in the row. When everything is done like I said shooting from the hip. You know about to see the pants. Instead of having intelligent discussion and sitting down and planning what they're going to do. Everything is an OG we screwed up with this. Now we're going to try to cover up. But it's like like I told you, like a dog in a backyard, taking a huge dump. And then right at about 10 yards away and kicking up the dirt to try to cover up his mess. Same thing. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised right now. A lot of people are out of building or doing this is I said taking a big dump right on somebody's this and everybody like down the hall and kicking up the dirt. When you think like, oh, this fact says Jim will be on today two to four. More Howard David. Four to seven tomorrow is not determined yet. Says clearance. I think. No, I think there's only one way I'm going to survive. I don't give a shit. There, there you go. I'm going to have to take the Chris garden approach to this whole deal. You know, that'll give a shit. Which I do, but I can't afford to do because they'll put me in the loony thing. Right. They'll put you one of those. You're about to take one of those. One of those Vermont teddy bears with the Baker, Baker act of papers. Wow. I mean, what, what could you possibly say about that? I don't know. Here's the cast of families. There's this here. It's on 76 to 80. James Broderick. Also directed. I didn't know that. Will the aims? Will the aims was on that show? I don't know. I don't want to. Okay. I don't remember him being on the show. I don't Gary Frank was on it. I don't really aim. Or just the first year. Meredith Fax. Your James Broderick. Mary Grace. Bird Grace. Canfield. Quinn Cummings. Louise Foley. Gary Frank. Lee in high-lviel. Tyler. Dennis Howard. Nick. That's right. Christy McNickle was on Airboy. They don't come up butcher than she is. You say boy. And her brother, Jamie McNickle. I don't come more. Anyway, John Rubenstein. Sated Thompson who played the cape. It was good joke. Or Corny. Very Corny. Or like, apples way and that kind of stuff. Vince Red Patre van Pant was an apple's way by the way. Now, this, I just, I have to let it go. I just let it go. Yeah. Just woke away. A group of billionaire philanthropists are to donate tens of millions of dollars more than $60,000,000. And they do a good job. George Saros. Who made his fortune in the hedge fund industry. Or herm and Mary and Sandler. They can't afford a couple of won a multi-billion-dollar savings alone business. And Peter Lewis, the chairman of an Ohio insurance company, donated more than $63,000,000 in the 2004 election cycle to organization's signature to the featured WWE Bush. Nathan, a halva job. That is what a flushed down the turret. At a meeting in San Francisco last month, he left leading billionaires agreed to commit an even larger sum over longer-pushed than $60,000. And the July 15 last month, he left leading billionaires agreed to commit an even larger sum over longer-pure, devoting institutions of foster progressive ideas and people. Far from being disillusioned by the defeated John Kerry, the Democratic presidential candidate to bid in the rise of the president's office, the best further in the intellectual future of the left, one person involved said. Their commitment to provide new money comes amid criticism of the efforts of high-profile donor such as Tongiri Informist's Soros to sway U.S. politics as well as doubts about the effectiveness of work at fundraising and helping the Democrats cause in 2004. All of the data to stellar jobs. We're going to great job of data in the Senate. and the athletics just for the well what i'm telling i just don't know what to do at this point so maybe like twin music for now i just know seriously this is this is so unacceptable and so insane it can't possibly for real i mean we the honest a lot of times things that we do things we can try to think you know like we have the technical media the most recent day we have the major technical problem but we don't and this is what we don't have to make things and we don't have to make them up because the management takes care of it for us it's a never ending uh... corny copia of it's just never ever stop madness lunacy and sendy and then like we're saying before about the sponsors of what we got an empty law let me just say one thing right every day ten and two so far over here yeah so it's it's it's written you know like a pub said so it is written as it is as it is it was is it might be it could be you know it is how's the pool coming anything like get off of this fact i can't believe even semi that fact that is just to save this serving would be the greatest understanding of the history of my life it not bad enough that that bitch 120 a grand sitting in the estimate to slide slice night of woodbind and that enough talk about ending insult to in your week man you believe it you and it's got to be for real of course it's for real so how do you like to buy some spots on you know show huh on the afternoon show right on one of the afternoon shows the worst TV actor actress ever is twenty danza sixty three is opening a fairly comfortable leader with checknors who is a 54 company nine day to crucial thirty four by the orange hair rose thirty two will Smith twenty six Mister T 18 jay two walker seventeen William Schendler fifteen and some Williams of fourteen John Stamos lucky thirteen tall cogon ten asked him kuchi kuten telly reputant honey most ten and everybody else with the single digit the one to two hour the mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blockbuster entertainment is it without un kostaccharger lucky insanes with But all of a sudden you find that you're inside of it. In other words, you're like, you had the screen, you know, you're involved in the movie and the cancer. Murphy. Right. And then that's how I feel with it. This started back in when it puts stern on, like, basically totally in violation of everybody's deal. And then it proceeded with that, which after I was willing to accept it, and the fact we started whenever it held somebody felt like it. And wanted to be ifstend the contract. And then, you know, certain people went into like hiding and nervous breakdowns. And then we evolved into that famous through the day before the second sushi summit between Rick and the other. She summit between Rick and the Inquisition with George over a solace accounting thing. And then, of course, the sushi meeting, which we were told all sorts of things, most of which it turned out to be bullcrap. And then, of course, the tremendous vacation I had in Florida, I would just, and even come back here, butchered and destroyed and ruined by Joyce and Carol and this one. And that one and people were hiding. I don't want to mention Greg again. But, and it's just, and now all of this, it's like we're kind of middle of some kind of a nightmare. Like, these people are like insane and we're like, invent with them. So to speak. But on the bright side, yeah, one thing, it's got power smoothie food in here, so we're all happy. Oh, thanks. I'm going to get ice cream today. I can't. I mean, you said serotonin before. Mm-hmm. Think about it. Get a release of Endorphins there. Oh, I got a smoothie. I got a smoothie. I got a smoothie. I got a smoothie, my brain. That's power smoothie in the adventure of shots. Oh, great. Probably one day brain. Just movies through these end up in rats. They have wonderful rats. And I want you to run. Yeah, it's a great. We're wrapping them. Feminist place in rat music till 2 o'clock. I just, lying with Marky Mark, which is what the end, believe me, Mark. I see this last name here. Mark, I see you in here underwear. You ain't no Marky Mark. But anyway, he says, here's the show with a good theme song in Bad Actor. Tips with Arca Strava, excellent choice for Bad Actor, Erica Strava, who's also made more than one told us. We can't go. Yeah. Yeah. The flavor. So they say rumored. It is just a discokin. Five six seven. Okay. I've got all this whole pile of stuff. I'm not reading any, but I'll save it for tomorrow. Just I don't care. I just don't care. I get because this is so. There are no words to describe it. Now, what they was it wasn't on Monday. We thought that this was all pretty much a done deal. And then we had to change. Or it's going to be a Mad Dog at 2 and then Howard David at 4 and then, oh, here comes an out. That, ah, we got no Mad Dog at 4 and we got all straight enough. And we don't have a straight enough. And if I'm man, did you come to him right now? Just stick fire guns, man. You used whatever you want. They should give it to you. Period. That's it. No imps buts or ants. No butts. Back to him. I'm going to say it for the record one last time. If they lose him, if they let him escape, just like the little Joe Rose blown him off it or which is a horrendous move. See, they can laugh about the fan, you know, 1700 and they can laugh about Pete Bolser and RFX, for a Fox 940, which is a piece of crap with the fraction. You know, and right now, ESPN radio, 790s got fractions of Sanford Joe. Roathness all the time. They never have because they have no story. They have nobody else. They got one guy. They got a good guy. They only got one guy. One guy doesn't a station make. But if they line up with your Rose, Jim Maynard and the dolphins, then all of a sudden as far as this whole sports deal, which now it seems like the beesleas and this whole company run back to the safety and sanctity of sports. You know, it would run away from all of their previous mistakes in last year and a half. Well, now all of a sudden it's not so cozy anymore with lack of a competition. You see what I'm going to say? And if Mad Dog should walk out and go across the street, who are we going to put on there between two and six? Two and seven. We're going to put low on for five hours from two to seven. But it's a movie, not what a mess. Some of you can't say in central hello. I just said in the car, the stove is a different TV. Sir, there are movies too. TV after actors TV. The movie about things that always starts by them. The TV is terrible when all of each TV. Yes, you are. Well, when we do the TV, the movie when we'll put the king on there. You got it, buddy. Thanks, family. Good luck to us. Take good luck to us. Yes, sir. We needed. Say good luck, please. Say a brahun. Say a few Hail Mary's. Rub a few rows of reverberate beads for us, okay? A rule of thought, God, or no. I mean, what are we going to do with this thing? This is just, although I tell you one thing, I'll be listening to it too. I can't wait to hear this. I cannot wait to decide. I've been kind of avoiding it for a couple of days because it gets really pondered with to me about, wow, we're here temporarily. I understand where he's coming from, the mad dog because I've been through it. They've raped me over to coals with all this crap. But it's just, it's not amusing anymore. It's not entertaining. It's not interesting. It's not provocative. It's just embarrassing. It's humiliating. It's humiliating. This is a way to run a radio station. This is a way to run a business. And what have I been saying for the last three years now about somebody who's like to hump the dumpy broke the egg and can't put the pieces together again. What a worst team deal, huh? That was the beginning of the end. And somehow magically because that horses who still hasn't fallen out yet. As magic, we continue to fumble that our way along here. I don't know how to how we do it. But you stopped and said, oh no. It just came to my mind. Oh, please. I know who that was stick on here. Who would be? Oh no. Yes. What the heck? I'll kick you to your name. Joseph Gackie. Ha ha ha ha ha. I want to cry. Do you want to cry? Do you want to cry? Do you want to cry? Do you want to cry? Do you want to cry? Do you want to cry? Speak to her. I have to live a little. Sit aside, central. What's Carl Carl's mother English? Carl Le Polly. Carl Le Le Le Le crab? So police you are calling me multicolon? a whole station in your own who says I'm the only person on a whole station who said that then I would say you say like you know the prison if the station had that's why you get paid so much money and everything yeah so that's all with that which is not an elderly person I got but nevertheless I'm making a lot of them so I was he jealous with two bad Paul blowing out your fan asked that's what it's done like to me yeah what if you can imitate a lot of them it's here I can see a little bit of cancel a paycheck that's the problem Paul I missed your originality missed your uh... carbon copy missed your no talent mister wannabe i was talking to cast it over the usagra small of it i ran into with the end center in the restaurant in charanoia in the tea room that you cross creams after you want to yesterday i would have crossed dreams with anybody in any thing i was so desperate to take a week i only all that please breaks are so damn sure now that you know and my bathroom my little uh... guest bedroom is right across the hall here like just a few steps but i had a lot of installments yesterday wasn't to find about that that was a truth and that i thought my bladder was going to burst right on the freaking air but uh... you know just don't have time you know you got to prepare the next team of how it is the next year you're going to play in the region and give you're crap all in order to run in there like all the senior there in the region is playing like you've uh... closed to my pocket good i'd like to see or just a bag w qa and hello a deal probably a plastic bags very well for one yes and the law speaking sons uh... well yes i'd like to have a good job w qa and hello two a.m. new pleary speaking new i got a question for you man uh... all the tv shows that i like you like which one do you like what does that mean which one is the one i like with which one do you talk about get yourself to give you a lot of all the shows i like well i don't have a thing everything you make it i like and you don't like such as and i think what do you like what's it i don't want to be a list of all the shows i like okay schmock what what do you like not you i'll tell you that right now anybody but you anybody but you you just make me want to birth what do you like not you not anything anything you like i hate it you like an alisecreen can't stand it you like uh... survivor parts one through a hundred survivor of south florida don't like it you like csi uh... p your real right don't like it anything you like i hate it w a mho yeah hello yes sir i got to two guys for you all okay and after all all great choice and uh... the guy from uh... from the hospital uh... uh... what's his bill for me bill caused me right sir trouble the best places you may be by day thanks for bailing me out all right great day those are two fine choices with a really remiss indeed if we want to have them on their bill caused me which i still can't figure out his appeal and uh... but it has a lot for which there really is no appeal or shouldn't be because he's just uh... old the trolls what he is old troll hanging around with some hot uh... chicks and guys on the beach you know everybody's cantileak land he's running around and i mean what's wrong with this picture what is it what is he doing there yeah besides maybe give the election w q a mho well i think you should have stuck with the gay car myself yes sir yes i got one for your poll okay person who i absolutely hate to see on tv you know land very angel landsbury oh you can have her murder she wrote yeah yeah she's offered you right she's an old bag okay thanks a lot time a lot of bags going right i'd like to be a little bit in the bag to be honest with you after all this uh... this business it just goes on and on add on and i don't know is something and what what is being said is anybody saying anything about all this maybe out there they are for you and the vault but he came in and handed you that fax with a straight face with a straight face well clearance i mean a straight as a gift with him with cut of uh you know the i browse raised up like uh uh here you go and then he ran oh yeah i'd be right for whoever was here it wow i've had your leadership in total is clear and says places really a making movements you know i can smell them coming at s after one at five sixty w q m iris tax problems you don't have a way of really ruining all aspects of your life like this whole q a m situation they take a tool you financially physically and emotionally you can never really forget about your i rest problems they come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat cp at any buckload of the buckload tax for will help in your i rest problems forever giving you back peace of mind which is what other top cp and law firms have heard their clients to the buckload tax for when they got problems with the old iron s so one of the full potential criminal prosecution get all unfound tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records maybe you got an i rest lean a wage levy old payroll taxes and penalties maybe it like this settle for thousands and thousands less than you or just need time to pay whatever your dilemma might be the buckload tax firm can help you out they offer you a free initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately it not sooner from iris harassment and vestival you don't have to go to those pin the s rs meetings because the buckload tax from handles all meetings and discussions you need to be there calm today nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred with the old ten grand a million bucks anything in between iris taxes the buckload tax firm can help you out like i said call nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred day for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on a wicked way that iris freedom dot com and stop worrying about the rs not gonna let front door it's probably a big man with a big check nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred you review tonight on bravo it's inside the actor's bathroom with host, James Litton. I hear in the bathroom adjacent to the master bed and the Beverly Hills mansion of legendary film actor. 10 Nicholson, sir. I am at home. Yeah, yeah, whatever. You don't mind now a little busy here. Hey! I understand. 12 hours ago, you would try to be a listener of a nearby state with soft-aid items and french fries. Tell me, Mr. Jack Nicholson. What up it became with that enchanting entree? Well, let me stand up here and I'll show you. And I'll stare. You say, you're simply an inclusive. Now why don't you get the f*** out of here? You say f*** like this. Now I don't have to ask your favorite person and be sure to tune in next week. When James Litton visits the downstairs half-bath of a claim-dactress, Jodie Foster. Well, this also, that's an even bigger piece of crap than an average dude. Thank you, Mr. Mitter. On insides. You're a staff. Dr. Litton. Dr. Gis. She's just a T-M-T-V. She haven't been in T-V series, Jodie Foster? Yeah. On, she grew up on TV. She grew up on TV. It's a professional son of a bitch. If you do IMDB on her, I don't want to do that. I don't want to like IMDB. Oh, and speak to that. See, once again, I find a hot chick. Okay, Carmelah, the Caesar or whatever her name is. She's going to be under tomorrow. I looked at that email, he asked me and, for any, any, a hero guide, I wouldn't get all wild and noble. Oh, yeah. She'll bring it to your eye. He's seen. That's about as pristine as it gets. She'll bring a little lump in your throat or somewhere. Man. Now, what was the other, oh, yeah, I'll take another thing, too. Before I even go out to the dominion to get my nestle, turtle with the child's boat, or the turtle. Oh, yeah, well, young man, you're dreaming. I'm going to old fart and I'm ready to die right now over this deal. What I ordinarily would do is like, as you know, I'm out of here real quick. What the hell's the point is I say, bye, you know, you guys, that's it. But I'm going to be sitting here at two o'clock at 202 whenever they finish with those supercellious sports and nerd headlines. I want to know what that was going on. Because this is far sir, Pat. This is no more good times. That's not a bad time. You know what I mean? This is bad times is what it is. Bad times at QAM high. Bad times at QAM at JFI is what it is. Total and utter insanity. Maybe we're, maybe this is the new format. Maybe one day it's maybe a two to full one day it's the mode to the foe and then the next day it's like default to the foe and put, it's a great show. Yeah, we're following host. That would be good for the sales department, the TBA show, sponsored. WQM, hello. Not there. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Count five, sixty out of Verizon, singular wireless line. WQM, hello. Oh, ah. Not there. QM, hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Hey, what are you going to talk so you should have the secret agent man theme song? Secret agent man theme song was a talk show host theme. I never heard that. Yeah, I hear my, I'm a years ago. Anyway, what am I Jerry Seinfeld? He can't think of you. Oh Jerry Seinfeld is great. Well, he sure can't hack. That's that's what I mean. That's a great choice for the polls. Thanks a lot, Tyler. We'll work on after a secret agent. All right, bye. Thanks. We're trying to get him in here to take care of a management. Scott, I think we're going to see how he's got some time. Huh? See? Did it get in there? That's Stan, made you didn't hit him. Did Peter go? Huh? Didn't he use Peter gun? I don't know. He's using the use of gun. I'll say that right now. Wow. And before you go, could you do one short thing for me? Oh, what that thing? Just say freeze major. Miami, vice, you're under arrest. Absolutely. I'm not going to do that. How are you? I'm fine. I'm not. You won't. Yes. Yes. So, I'm John Shenzhi. Good to hear. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Hello, dad. Hello. Only here. Hello. Hello. Okay. Pardon me? I think I was gone. Do you notice that? Did you notice that? Oh, sure. That's son of a Johnson. I'm John Shenzhi. I'm John Wettie Johnson. Isn't that incredible? Absolutely. Oh, great. He said no change. I just thought just like John Shenzhi. Where are you thanks sir? I'm not going to die. You'll leave me. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, I'll be probably out of your stand. I have a number up here because you probably could use a little check. You know, next couple of ways. Another little check does not promote love as well. I'll be leading you. WKAA. You are. WKWM. Hello. Hello, now. Hi. Hi. Hi. I'm Dave. Hello, Dave. Okay, go ahead. Can you take Jackson? Can you? Jackson. Well, no. That's wrong with K Jackson. I didn't like her. I was in it. Okay. That's good enough for us. Thanks. And KREV. And K&R Reeves. Now, what TV thing was he on? Oh, let it go. Never again. He ought to go. I'm going to ask him on type. But he ought to go. Okay, thanks a lot. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thank you, sir. Bye. You got him. K&R Reeves and KK Jackson. I thought KK Jackson was just fine. Yeah, whatever. But he did like through. So, she didn't like her. So, she didn't like her. So, she didn't like her. She didn't like her. So, she didn't like her. So, she didn't like her. I mean, we're trying to get a lady. We're running mighty low. Although there's nothing wrong with that. Elm and Ferson photo we got under there today. We're not hurting her. Not around with that. For all you heterosexuals out there. Both of you. W.K.W. Hello. This is a telephone call from a dude counting correction. And it's the dude. Something made. Come out. Ha ha ha ha. He's not in Dave County, by the way. She's up the creek. Threw up the river. Rup somewhere. Welcome. W.K.W. Hello. Welcome. Welcome. Hello. How are you? Pretty good. How's everything to happen here? Same to you. This is a Bob Lake in June of the Cinco Harry guide. I was unsmashed. Excuse me? Yeah. And looking for a number. We're two Simmons. Summer. Oh, yeah. Winter. Principal. Summer. As you know, the men who are. Yeah. And I just wanted to make comment on Glent Hill. Yes. What's the comment, Richard? Well, I thought it just. As the time of the year. Well, we remember. Well, the one. And. Right. And along with us. That. And our. The. The. The. And. The. The. The. The. The. The. Yeah. And. And. Ha ha ha ha. Now, do you believe it, if anybody we. Why, yes, almost 130. I said, you know, Huh, anybody can be that. Pleister, especially in this town. Sure. Well, I could play. But I'm going to have to like be quick on a singer. We're getting there. If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16 W. I. O. D. You missed this as the bird. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. You may have never played anything because I can't stay listening to you. You said like it. Do I just demand to ever play anything? We'll kind of ask you a question before you go. Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, God. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. I just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God. Can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why will you answer? I can't stand it. You won't see. He won't talk to me. I got a heart here. I know. There you go. I think that was a little. Little over. Overdone. Call. WQAM. Hello. Hey. Yeah. Worst actor ever on TV. Lorenzo Robbins. Oh, my God. He has a job in. He's the worst. Okay. We can only pray. Thanks a lot, Palo. Lorenzo Lomestorgy. Do the acidity. Yeah. He has acting into the rate for each year. It was pretty. Once upon a time I had a pretty long work for it. That when he was on Falcon crest. Who else was on this? It was a clot of clover. I don't know what to say. I didn't know. I'll be honest with you. I didn't watch it either. But I knew he was on. I see him. I did not watch it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, and he Verizon and SingularWise lines. Tony Vansopere is to be pulled away just a little bit from what? What about Charlie Norris and Gordon Norris? Oh. Charlie Norris Jr. WQAM. Hello. I think you managed his award. Thanks. What? I have no idea what that was. He doesn't think he managed his award. No. I was not blind. I don't know what that was. How many QAM? Hello, Dr. Meow. Meow. You should carve that guy that called to yesterday. He kept saying, you lie, you lie. Yeah. On the baseball guy, yeah. And he was a gangster's boyfriend, meow. Some guy called Hank this morning and said, Bob, I'll blow me. Yeah. Good. I hope he had a good time doing it. And don't hold your breath. Wow. Really, man. I see when you're under the rest, when you're under a pink dress, like we are with this whole thing blowing up in our face and the afternoon and you expect these people don't ever expect anything. When you should learn that now, holy us crowd. We're actually doing pretty well up until that. Maybe they're coming apart. No, maybe they're coming apart as the seams like I seem to be doing right now. What does he do? Don't come apart. What do you mean by how long can you keep jerking people around? How long is magic going on in the world ends at two o'clock? Yeah. Wow. I'm telling you for a 205. As soon as I hear the upshot of this crap. It's even having gone through it. Even having experienced it with psychotic calls. There was a day, Thursday, December 23rd, a day that will live in for me. The call started at 10 o'clock in the morning between Norma Kent and Joyce and back and forth. This one and that one. And the water not see. Well, first is start with water not see and Greg, who the person's come to the phone because it's still embarrassing. And all day seven o'clock that night, we're still going on. It's hard to believe, but that's a kind of madness that goes on. And there was nothing complicated. It was just a very simple two year extension. Not a lot more money. A little signing bonus, which is standard and all the deals I've done extending with these people. Not nothing. But we want you to sign this. We want you to sign that. And we want you to credit. I'll be honest with all these like I said the other day, I really mean this with all the stuff that we can't play and can't say anymore. With all of Joyce's restrictions, which are way over the top as far as I can. With all of that, which we've invited by very well, nobody's done it better than we have or more a BD. But if I would agree to any of the stuff they printed, there would be no show to be nothing left. There would be no reason to even do the show or listen to it. Nothing. There you go. That's not going to help the ladies on it. instrumental only of course. Nothing make up not your sound. That's not what we know is we're kind of sounds up. Yeah, no sour notes from the tubas because that sounds like something. I think I'd bet with Jack Nicholson he was like doing very sanitary. You know without any no cheese. 28 past one at five 60 q a m I'm going to say to me, Rogers. That's hallucinating. I'm going to say to you. I never both never crack. I'm a sound of the chew. I've been at a slap so that's bad. I'm a sound of chew. I'm out like this. I'll burn it red. But these landscapes I've got for so fast in task. I ain't a state. I'm sitting at the temple like this. At this I'll lose. Long as I agree they won't cry me. Or if you need to so. Like all those lines you sound the heat. Perl it will always. And they'll be too. Oh, I have a sound to hear. You. I got the a stick of halava. I'm a sound of chew. Oh, that's what turned in in my family. And my rabbi to do. I've been no surprise that it doesn't. All of it in a sweet. I have a half full of shepherds of tides today. I've been and a half full of queen. I love feeling and both their books. I'm a sound of chew. Oh, that's what turned in my family. I'm a sound of chew. They want to chill me. Oh, why not? Why not? Why not until two at five and six. And that would be cute. Two o'clock. We got the. I got you. I mean, what's the point? I just, I'm a candidate. I can't do it. Look at the schedule for tomorrow. What? 7 to 10 p.m. TVD to be determined. Whoever murdered this, whoever heard or such a place of thing. Huh? I just can't do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5, 5, 6, and a rise in singing the writer's line. W, D, Q, A, and hello. How are you? Pretty good. How are you doing? Good. I just want to see that was Jane Wyman who was on Falcon 4. What's their cloud of cold risk? But she was on some soap, wasn't she cloud of cold risk? Do you have a dynasty? No, I don't think so. Jane Wyman was on it. Ronnie Wiggins former wife. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. You two, thanks. All right, fine. Cloud of cold rock, where I'm sure was on the summer. Well, maybe I'm wrong. Look it up. She doesn't even be eight men in movies on here. If he looked her up. But she's very dead. She ain't even like Luke Warren at this point. Speaking of Luke, how's Luke healthened to it? Well, I think it's been about six to seven. Oh, five, 60. Con five, 60. And he Verizon and singular wireless line. How's Ranger Rick's doing? Was Ranger Rick? How did he do your X? I think it was Rick's Rick. WDQA in, hello. Yeah. Yeah. The other guy stole my son or what he said, they'll cause you. But I'd say, well, I think the worst is Mary taller more. Oh, yeah. She couldn't. And another one is Dick Pan-Day. Oh, absolutely. But Mary taller more. He might be of like the queen of an old ice cream. Yeah. Right. And the cause he did. I swear I could not even crack a smile. I got to not make me laugh if it's my life's offended on it. I absolutely. Nothing funny about him. Thank you, Charlie. So we had very Tyler Moore and Dick Van Dyke. Got those. We got it. Okay. I mean, more Amsterdam was going to show he was funny. But of course he had like a very minor role. Nothing I watched that. So I went away and made a think I watched. And I seen it once. Because you keep saying, we're doing a watchgrabble to help us. Back in those days when there was no cable, no saddle lights. No, you had like maybe three choices at best. And so any show that would come on. Watch it once or maybe like part of the show. Yeah. And that would be it. Why would you why? Why would anybody with a half of brain situation and time for sort of Beverly Hillbilly because it was funny. Oh, please. Or green acres. Totally different. Oh man. Beverly Hillbilly is with Brad. They couldn't play that on the air now. Or the doose hazard. They chopped that up when they played on TV. Doose hazard. No, no comparisons. I think like I said, this show must have been so bad for me. Not to watch it. We're not just not going to do it. It was a good chance. But that is a gift. It couldn't get much worse than that. WCWM, hello. Who am? Madness Central. Hello. The 560. No, this is 560. Hey, can I talk to George? Talk to who? George. George. Rodriguez? Yes. What do you want to talk to him about? About the airport. About the airport? Yes. What about the airport? In the middle. The airport isn't paying their bills to whom? To you? We're waiting. You're doing some good time, man. You're a bushman. Hey, George, just go ask talking about the airport. They're not paying their bills. Uh, let's take it to do it. Yeah, what's that kind of doing with George? I think we went. We just had an expiration right on the show. I think he just croaked right on the show. Which hopefully he and that the vaablin can sound like I will do the same. Oh, brother. Wow. WCWM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All in all of the thing with him in this or any of those other douchebags. Very boring. Unbelievably boring. Yeah, can't stand them. Thanks, Colley. Hang in there. Hang in there. Hang in there. We're hanging man. Hang in there. Hang in there. Hang in there. Hang in there. I think we've been hanging out to riders. I should never have signed that. I mean, what was the hurry? That's certainly how stupid I am. I'll be the first one in the US. Well, why did I hurry into that? What was the rush? Er. I don't know. Seriously? I got to protect everybody else. I've got all these people. These appendages, you know, like George and Volkabra and Josh Corris. Of course, what he's making, you know, like on the street corner, you're more in a cup. But, you know, I don't know these people that depend on me. Okay. So why have you to just keep on until I just, just expire my stuff right on the air. Like collapse. We're going to drop them up and sell your bits on eBay. Yeah, that's right. But I mean, that's a time. It seemed like a fine idea. And it's, you know, everything would be going long. But in the meantime, little bit, I realized that all of a sudden they're crappled and I mean, just, let's look at the do with you. You're getting paid. It has to do with everybody. Okay. I know these radio stations. Look, I'm trying to, you know. Yeah, you're trying to like, blue sky yourself, not me because you're not fooling me for a second. You're, everybody's disturbed and distressed and distraught and, uh, well, psychotic as I am. They're probably going to do about it. And then nothing I can do about it. What am I going to do? I'm going to say, if you can, I'm going to walk out. I'm not walking anywhere. I'm walking right in the studio every morning at, you know, whatever I come in. What am I going to do? I'm like, make threats. I'm going to walk out. I'm going to burn a building down. I'm going to have a nervous breakdown. I'm going to take a dump on Greg's desk. I would like to do that. Oh, oh, man. I would like to, you know what I'd like to do? I'd like to go to the lights. And I'd like to stock up on every one of the, you know, because they got a lot of great stuff. There was, you know, but a lot of it's got like surbetoll and multi-tonal. And I happen to have irritable bowel. And so as if he's alive, any of those priorities. As we discussed before, I am just a run-in-fool man. I am just in that, I'm in it around it. It's like, my life is flashing before my eyes. So I would like to just consume for about eight hours. All of that stuff. And then just run into his office. With him, of course, sitting at his desk. And then just let him, let it loose. Let it all hang out. Oh, that's one of my ultimate fantasy. I'd rather do that than when like ten million dollars in the lot of it. I really would rather just go in there and like just mess all over the place. I'll get the camcorder. Oh, can you imagine we can. In fact, forget about the ten million we can make 100 million selling the tape of that. Go ahead and say. Oh, he's easy. Boy, what are we going to do about this thumb? Five, six, seven, oh. What have we got here on the facts machine? Oh, I just want to go through this. I will be. I'm just about, let's see, please put Bob Faggot from Full House and Mercous Fundness to Honkies. Oh, yeah, what's his name, Bob? So I get it. So I get Rams with Faggot. Bob's so I get it. I got new respect for him because of that movie. What's that movie Josh? I can't take it. I have to take half the tape. I have to take half the tape to candy on there that was possibly the funniest thing ever. Really? I'm saying it. Where you keep it filled me? Turn me around completely. Turn you around. Yeah. And this, uh, facts also says is all hail Brittler. I like that Brittler. Yeah, the, uh, builder burgers. I mean, yeah. That's a fact of builder burgers. The baton bursts. Maybe they are the builder burgers, huh? Maybe they're part of that evil empire with the trial. There you go. There's a listing. Illuminati, huh? The Illuminati. Here's a fact that says a first rated QM list or in Brower. Thank God somebody cares enough about this insanity. They've just continues rolling around like an out of controlled hurricane. Neal, all of the QM programming issues in the progressive downward spiral of the program. We're going to be two loads of the mug ones. You have behind the scenes of the station. Can be traced back to one single event. The upstart of that new radio station, WM Cuba. Ever since WM's Cuba signals been overwriting the Miami QM signal. As soon as the sun goes down, all the troubles really began to snowball a QM Miami. It must be Fidel's fault then. Only in Miami, can you have one of these supposed to lead the radio station sit back and let us program to go to Schmidt and then flip off the listeners and spots. By allowing some rogue, mumble and rumbusts to hide Jack and your signal. I'm sure we're doing a lot about that. We're out there peeing on the tower of the day. That's what Bob removed the doing. How the hell mightst be posted on the edge of the screen? Give the scores a time. So now we're talking about sports lines. With really bad salsa music in the background. Screwed Greg Reed says a first rated QM list near in Brower. Which we can only say amen. Torus into Neil Roger. On 566, QAM. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. And elderly woman, sitting on her front porch, rocking away the last days of her loan life. Suddenly, saw very Godmother appear before her. The Godmother informed her she would be granting three wishes. Well, now, said the woman, I guess I would like to be really rich. And poor for the way of the magic wand, a rocking chair turned to solid gold. And she said the woman, I guess I wouldn't mind being a young beautiful princess. Poor fuggin, the magic wand world. And the elderly woman turned into a beautiful young lady. Your third wish, said the very Godmother. Well, just in the old woman's cat wandered across the porch in front of her. Or you can change him into a handsome prince, she said. Both there before her stood a young man. More handsome than anyone could possibly imagine. The woman stared at him, smithin. With a smile that made her weaset nake. He saw her to cross the porch and whispered in her ear. That's your sorry you had me neutered. Paul Harvey. Good day. Well, I'm 44. That's one of the great things that's happened in the New Year's. We've been Paul Harvey Jr. from the show that was good. See, already it's only the 13th. Tell your blessings. And some good things are happening. Well, I was inspired by you, of course, being the heart-ass that you are. And what do you have against him, even though he's terminal. WQAM, hello. How about Bob's second? We just put him on there, Bob's second. You might be psychic. I'm message. But we just stuck him on there. We just stuck him. Well, I'm a daily. Okay. Thanks. See ya. Come on. Bob, I'm sorry. I'm a Fourier of Lady here at the Tonyan of the show. That's good. See you. They care enough to send a very best or whatever it is. Right? Something I've ever had. I think everybody thinks I'm joking. They never take me seriously. Well, I'm joking. It's like, oh, do you hear what he said? Yeah, I'm like that. This is serious, Venice man. This is just a very, I'm going to roll tape. So who's doing the headlines? Rust today? I can probably rust it too. Yeah. As soon as he starts that those sports nerd headlines, which I hope he had a one like, no, interfere with his duties there because he does a good job. But just do it fast. Don't get over. We're getting a cut to the chase. Right? Right. And let's see what the hell is going on here again. I mean, this business of well tonight, but that was Monday. That's right. Monday that somebody was going to decide. Right? Right. And then here at Sturgeon Day, and we thought it was decided. And we thought somebody was on a good certain time. We thought we had the people locked up. And now it's Sturgeon Day. It's like, oh, well, I guess what? We got mad dog back to two to four, which is original contract call for. And most four to seven, because we got to fill that empty slot with a moment. Do do do do do do a man. Maybe we could cover up and send with a do do do do. Do you know it? Huh? I got that big balls power that must be. You never said that. You see the trim at one. No, but he has a ball spot right. He never put the piece back on. No, it looks great. Well, there you go. You see, look what I do at the tremendous power of Neil and Steve Ziggler and I O.D. Made him flip off that ridiculous look and thing. And the same with a moment embarrassed and humiliated and be great amount of it. He's all a better for it. Nice going. More you're walking. Absolutely. Dominic, you a.m. hello. I'm a. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you? Good. What about that? Good. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. So my. The. Well, I. I'm. I'm. I'm.<|fo|>. I. and also about time, Bosley, huh? Whoever got that he most, we got, Anson, an old one on his son there, let's put it, yeah, well now let's not do the whole thing. I don't be putting, what's in Scott Bale on there? Yeah, put your act. Like, wait a minute, what was he, who was he married to? Jody. No, no, not Jody and Chaki, come on, get serious. No, he was very, do, well, we did that, Nicholas Jiren was that for real, I do, I do, I do, I do, I do. She was also married to Harry Hamlin. Now, Kiana's not smart, Joe, I'll tell you, well, never. I don't want to go into it, okay, Harry Hamlin, I think it's because he was never moving with Michael, I'm Keen and K Jackson making, while we play that screamer, and just after that role, I just, I looked at him and I think, wow, wow, wow, but yeah, I think about Harry Hamlin, did too good of a job, did he? Plus he was also, maybe I'm wrong, but I think he was in the boys in the band, I could be wrong about that, that's an old movie from the 70s. He couldn't have been in that, could he? I don't know, I don't know. You ever saw it? I don't know, I said, I'm not too faggy for you. But you do want to see the tell to Mr. Ripley with you law, and that thing, I think, I think, I think it's bug up your ass about Mad Damon. No, no, I like my dad, he's good. He's, he's a little pacy looking to use a little, 10 in the can, although I heard that he is kind of 10, I'm a can. Somebody QAM Hello, QAM. Hey, Prometh. WQAM Hello. QAM. Yeah, I got one for the poll. Okay. The old lady from Golden Girls. Oh yeah, we heard her. We are here? No, no, they haven't heard her, but you know, lady. The only one saying was, lady, why don't be Arthur? Who is the other? I know the one you're talking about. Look it up, look up that horrible show. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. No, he should not have that. How hard is it to Google Golden Girls? There was only three of them. Who are for him to do it? No, wait, how about Ruma, Tanya, Hannah? Who did want him? How many of them were there? We don't know which one he's talking about. They said the mother's a mom, the oldest one. Figure the names out, there's Ruma, Tanya, Hannah, which I hated that show I didn't watch it, but somehow I know the who's in it. The petty white, who'd I really thought, who I mentioned before? The mod, the R-I just said it. And somebody else, the one I was like, and B, all right, oh look at him. You're looking at them a while, it'll take a look at me. Somebody Q-A-M-Hello. Q-A-M? You're speaking. You know, how about her baby, delicious? Is it planes, it planes? Who is a good little short subject? See, okay, well for a mother. Her baby, well she was, he was an amateur average. His family family was a midget, you know? And of course, it was, what was his name, Johnny Paleo, who played the harmonica from the harmonica, so I think his name was, way before you were born. People that are like midgets have run around looking for, for sympathy, you know? You know those two guys, the twins, the midget twins? Nope. That's so like real estate and stuff. You say, oh, the real estate guy, yeah. Yeah, what the hell is their name? I mean, that's gotten nothing to do with this, but it's just the idea that they're like midgets, you know? They're their twin midgets. And they sell, I think it's real estate, is there, they got some kind of a scam pyramid thing that they sell on TV. They're bizarre. It's because they sell, they're getting, they're still getting, that's the old, the only other one that you didn't name. Well, we don't need to put in a day, Monter. And Penny White, she and her two is married to Alan Ludden, so give her some slack, okay? The most Alan Ludden, you know, gay. The worst TV actor, actress ever is, Tony Danza, 72, but he's got some stiff competition there. Chuck Norris, 61, Donald Trump, 60, Rosanna, started age up with 41, when she gets behind your lookout. David Cruz, so 40, Will Smith, 26, Mr. T. T. 26, JJ Walker, 23, when you have a shatter in 19, Hulk Hogan, 18, how about the Hogan's heroes? Oh, I'm sorry, spelling 17, and when you have 16, famous, so, and I do like those famous saying, it's cookies though, I think. Stay with me. I think good, that's how they look at it. They're a good don't eat them. Hmm, he eats a whole bag for like, if I could do it right now before I finish the show. John Stamos for teen Kelly, Repo 13, Ashden Kucci, Kuchy Kuchy, Kuchy Kuchy, LnD, Jennerith, 11, Pasty Dijk, John Ritter 10, Donnie Most 10, Andy Griffith 9, Danny I L, only eight, come on, get serious man, maybe they don't who that is. Bang, we though actor, Danny I L, awful. Suzanne Summer 6, pretty Prince 6, I just did that thing, I hate when it does that to me, random in Los Angeles. Lorenzo Lama's 5, David Hasselhoff, five Vincent Donner, 305, John Johnson, Ford, John, for equal to four, buddy, Epson, and Rest of not too much. Single digits for the rest. I feel like I did a marathon here today, everything was going on, what time did that thing come in about 12 hours? 11, one clock? One clock. Seems like we've been mourning this whole situation for like hours now. My stomach, my kidneys are all twisted now. Feel like I'm gonna puke my guts out, like I'm gonna get in my hands and ease and crawler around just pukey and muddering to myself. But I'll be taping it too. Here it seems that we were Rogers. Lorenzo Lama, five subpoenas. And then, and then. Also, peace out of the bay for me. It was your soul vein, my car was selling about Warren Bader, make jagger. Make jagger? I was starting with Bader until I heard you talk. You know what I said to everybody says. Huh? She never confirmed it. Now, but that's the wildlife. I haven't even heard Warren Bader. That's what Tracy and Ken a lot of know now, you know. That's what we say, that's what we think. Hey Neil, it says you mentioned Donner's earlier. Posted a link of a really funny bit of Donner's W.M. on my website for the full good choice. Mario Lopez, say by the bell. Maybe one of the word, that should be on our word show. Think of the day. Say by the bell. Okay, certainly right now. Anyway, I'm rolling tape and good luck to us all. Bye bye.