I'm going to throw those off. The fire still comes to the ground. I was supposed to throw those off. You got hit by a truck. Yeah. That is not a good learning woman. She's in fact a bit of impruder looks a little bit. Is Mike Verdeenle the same guy as Mike is Dave Joseph? Is he the same guy? I think they're the same guy. Well, you didn't like the negative piece you wrote today? What? He is such a sour person. I think the Marlins are a band who's answering the lock room. They don't like him. They don't like him. They don't like him. He's a poison pill, Mike Verdeenle. He's got to throw the truth. What is it? He just wrote the truth. Oh yes. I don't think they had such a bad season. They were right in the evening. They didn't have a bad season. He's not writing about the season. They had last year's interview. What was they having something on 83 win embarrassment? What was embarrassing about the season? The fact that they had a lot of injuries in the last month and they had a death in the last month. It's not overloaded the suicide hotline. Can you really see the hand of Marlins paying any picture of $9 million? And if anyone here care about them, that's a great question. I don't have to read it on every day. I think that was a legit question. Well, anybody down here care by then seems to me the attendance is way to hell up from what it was they're doing those dog days. You haven't been out there, Neil. They got a lot of empty seats. The guys is people. I see. In other words, the panthers don't have a lot of empty seats. How about the dolphin? How many empty seats did they have on Sunday? Oh my god. How about like 25,000? Let's try for starters. Maybe more. They don't have a lot of relevance right now. And then he writes in the middle of his article, even Jacques de Meris could read these depressing signs, which is a real shot at Jacques de Meris. And in addition, there are 10 people in South Florida who knows who Jacques de Meris is number one. And number two of those 10, there isn't a lot of them that knows that he was delivered and couldn't read and write. But he's got to show us that he is. Mike Barradino, next time he comes, you do mine a photo in the studio. He won't be here until next season. Oh, good. Well, but next season have a piece in your briefcase. Why don't I invite him out to the track and I can throw him in Chicago off the roof. And tell a job. And no wait a minute. And Dave Joseph, you're the best trifecta of the year. I like Dave. I don't care how much you like. And I see the again, personal confused. I like Tom Chicka personal, but business he didn't idiot. Personal fine. He's a good guy to go lunch with, especially if his son sent me a ticket on the tab. I think there was a lot of stuff. And I agree with you about a couple of those points. But two negative means. But in general, I thought the Barradino's piece was right on the money because there's a big issue right now regarding dog auto and whether or not he's coming back. Well, send him back here or the obligatory's could use him. In fact, the rafters could use him. Everybody could use him. Yeah, the rafters could use him. You don't want to game. Huh? Well, they don't stick to well. Those guys who come up from wherever he's from. I'm going to tell you one thing though. I didn't say the Leafs said the rafters. Uh, the new A.T.L. I don't want to talk hockey on my show. Damn it. It's already a minute after 10. But it's good. It's really good. I watched last night in 8.D. No less. Well, I invite him. I keep forgetting to ask you. How do you like your Samsung? I love it. Yes. Thank you. You're welcome. No less detergent for the consultation. But anyway, it was on an HD last night. The Canadians and the penguins from Pittsburgh. Yeah. That was a great game. I watched a third period the overtime in the shootout, which I never thought I'd like to shoot out. I thought it was real crap. It was great. It was sensational. And the goal he stopped the first two and a half two shooters on the one side three on the other end. And that kids did they cross be the a phenom. He scored the goal to win the game for penguins. Great. Great game. The new NHL is new and improved and it's great. I watched the cross be the other night against the Rangers for a little while. He's good. Kidness phenomenal. Yeah. I mean, I watched the heat game. I watched the heat game. I heard somebody yesterday I was sitting here doing my equipment a couple of stories on the first two minutes and right on the box. He was clicking back between the panthers and the heat game. You're good buddy. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. Oh. The guy that said the hockey sucks. Why would he be watching the panther game? So, talking sucks. That he knows nothing about it. Got me. And there's no school today. I'm informed because it's veterans day. And then we just finished with a hurricane. Why would they take the lead of how they off? They got to make up days. Right. Wouldn't you think that this would be a prime. I mean, this isn't like a religious day. I would all be respected. The veterans are being there getting screwed anyway. But with all do we respect, but wouldn't this be a perfect day to say, well, we're going to eliminate the veterans day holiday. And the kids can go to school and make up on those days. They almost making no school boards. Did you see the story about Pat Robertson and yes, of course. What are the other people doing? It's on our prestigious website. What a horrible man. No, you know what's horrible about him is the fact that media keeps portraying him like he's the same person as opposed to saying crazy lunatic Pat Robertson's added again. They have to be produtively what he said. But where was writing that story? He would refer to him that way. He refer to him as one. Crazy lunatic. Yeah, well, the birdie is just he's just too negative. Two-hour. Him and Dave Dose must be hanging out together. You know, I love it when you call other people negative. Yeah. I'm just a positive man. Who helped to put the slots over just that just has to people at ghost stream and pop at O park and your buddy Dan Actons and how did we grey out? Who helped to put the slots over and broward? I'll tell you. Oh God. It's something good. I'm positive. And what did I just get through to tell you about the Marlins? I'm not a big Marlins fan. I'm not going to pretend to. I'm not going to put on a phone. We are a song in advance. But at least they won two championships in the last decade. Yep. It's more than all the other teams in the town put together. It's more than the Cubs one. It's two more than all the other teams. In fact, the other teams. In fact, the other teams are the same thing. Living in the past. Up here, it's the leaves. The greatness. 60s. One forced Stanley Cubs in Johnny Mauer. And in fact, Mahavoloch and baby Keon. Well, that's 100 years ago. You know, those people have laughed at already. It's the same thing with the dolphins. With the perfect season. Another worried about the culture. They're already eating. No one are going to break that record near. All this other crap. How long can you keep living in the past? So I want to send Pat Rars in the copy of and hair it the win. Yeah. I'll tell you what. So about sent Pat Robertson, a loaded gun and some to take it out of Venezuela and he can do the job on Hugo Chavez himself and see who comes out standing. Yeah. Good idea. See who comes back standing up. And by the way, we lost a good man. A QAM this Saturday. Who Adam Taran is leaving us. Yes. Did you know that? See, you get the good news on this show. The bad news. Now, we get the bad news on your show from Mike Burdino and the bad news on this show from Adam Taran. He's leaving. He's a guy. He's a lot of the only sane salespeople we've ever had in that building. He's a good guy. All the good people he leave like John Weenis and Brian Schmutz and all the good guys who actually can go sell something and Adam Kim can screw over. I talked to Brian not too long ago. How's he doing? He's in Connecticut. He's sales manager for a station up there. See, there he goes sales manager. Why? Because he's a real sales guy. Yep. He and John Weenis told most of the accounts that I still at least from the station anyway. Right. No way. He left here. Yeah. It was that woman drove him out. You know what I mean? I mean, we know that he's still in the pocket of the house. He's a good guy. Yeah, yeah. You know, I'm not talking to you. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's not getting pvl4d. He's a bad guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Yeah. We've been from the company to the company. Yeah. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Yeah. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. I was like, he's a good guy. But like I said, every time somebody would come in a new person, they take other people's account and they did he? people's accounts and they've just got screwing him over. That new sales manager, Guy, out of smack him and head for me too while you're at it. After you've done with Jick and those other guys, smack the sales manager around. Okay, I'll do that. I'll go over there right now. Comfor Old Martina's and haven't smacked the crap out of that new sales man. Maybe just knock the taste out of his mouth will be good. Old Martina's hired tight now. Are you? Ever since I got on the elevator at Delmar and there is he standing him. You told me that. Would Brune be speaking? Uh, no. John did. Well, I must be kind of uncomfortable. Is it a crowded elevator? That must have been one of the longest elevator rides in history. The elevator was fortunate. It was so crowded that he couldn't raise his arms to hit me. That would be a good, you know something that's a good pull question. What would be the worst combo on an elevator in history? At least from our standpoint. You can just see you and you and all Martina's. Oh yeah. How about me and Mike Mayo and I like Mike. No, you and Mayo would be right. Mike Verdino and Dave Joseph and Tom Jacken me. And of course, don't, don't, don't tell anyone. Mike was with him on the elevator. By the way, Mo Adam says he won't miss you. And Mr. Rest of us, but he won't miss you. He was what Adam said. Adam hates you too long. That's something. Because Adam's kind of an easygoing guy. He likes you so much everybody. Yeah, I'm listening. You can't do it. Yeah, I'm good. I'm sure he is, too. Yeah, well if you're listening. Have a nice week and enjoy your show. I'm sure he's listening right now. Taking notes. Yeah. hate it, I mean you can take it personally if you want to, it reminds me of what's his name, Greg B. Dell, same thing. Always been out of shape because everybody hit me and of course B. Dell was like one of those people like at all a positive press from Jika and other people in the media who obsessed with him, I never had any ratings, he never had any talent but in his own mind he convinced himself because the TV writer is a radio writer, he's used to like him, therefore he must have been great. Remember Greg B. Dell or Jika? Yeah, I knew him. Another loser. What ever happened to him? I have no idea. Last time, last I heard Amy was like waiting tables at the Sterling Country Kitchen restaurant where my mother used to go. Where's that? It's in, that's pretty good. Oh, it's in. By carriage hills of it, in Sterling Road, you're not old enough to be in that neighborhood yet. We're working on it, but we're not anywhere near old enough. The media and agent at the Kindle Complex was death plus 10. Well that's up for the weekend. To my morning is probably I would think woodbinds on my agenda. I've got call there on my was tomorrow. I've been doing very well lately. I don't know what it is. I have a big ticket to cash and call there. Yeah, from last week. Yeah, and I mean a big ticket. And so give us a clue how big is it? Four figures. Oh, that's good. Well four figures is no big deal. I went at that one at the other day. It would bind four figures. Well it would mullibles. Okay. So I've got, you know, the, they have two pick fours there tomorrow because they haven't actually have eight stakes races, it call it's good data moral. Excellent. So I'll be there. I'm sure any K over there. And I'm sure the I'm sure. When you see any K find out how old is? Oh yeah, I will. This is the assignment for you. So that Monday we can give the real ages, opposed all this guesswork. We kind of embarrassing if he says like 52 then. We can be bad. Yeah, well throw me off the roof. Yeah, and that might be him and we're all martinis. If you see the two of them coming together, I'd like hop on the elevator and check the door. So they can do an arena. You know, come after me with machete and set me on fire. Yeah. But I think I'm on a mission Neil. I'm going to find out any zages this week. I think of Marlins are going to like bring or being a back to go after Burrino. You know what, if I, I have an idea. Yeah, I may go at, sometimes Eddie and I hit a couple of clubs at night and I'll give them some of that mumble juice and get his age out of them. It's not going to be that he'll give you an honest answer. Yeah. Well, why not? What does he do? He does. He does. He does. He does. Why should he care and old zoo like him might else? He care. Right. And then one thing about Eddie, I was just thinking about this yesterday that if I haven't seen him in a long time, but he'd never changed. He was exactly the same. It looks exactly the same now as when I first met him. He came off to me outside of Panther game. If you'll make me a renaissance, I go and introduce himself. He's a big fan of yours. I made a capitol and I work at wherever he was at that time. And he looks the same now. Yep. And that was a long time ago. He just doesn't change. Not at all. Must be that clean living and it's not that I can tell you whatever it is. Well, listen, have a great weekend and don't you got to add tomorrow. It's good for the soul name. Yeah, let's win this weekend. No, I'm going to work on it. Okay. See you. Why do you best soon? It's late at night. You're fast asleep and I shall the way figure as I'm on to break into your home. You're protected. Yes, it's a day's ground home security alone. The hardest working in the law. In the safety business. Design by the godfather of home protection himself. The game's ground along protects you from burglars. It's land all. It's been torn. And if you act off, we'll include it. No extra cards. The patented games brown, hot pairs, fire alarm. So put the soul patrol on your key home. With the games brown home security system. You'll say. How about that? Doesn't any can use that? This is a theme a lot. Yeah, that's uh, that's uh, that's just and I just don't want me there for the lesson that James Brown. I feel good. Bad and and and and you let horrible song. Anyway, come on. It's after 10 at 5.60 W. A. I'm happy Friday 2. We got almost 400 votes and at full boys. I'm thinking I'm leaving this full up there. I'm not going to change it. I got the other one on there, but I can use that for like next week. I just I'm impressed by this, aren't you? Okay. Oh, you are impressed by this. Well, since we got McGill there today, now even Troy Strathford is about as much as they come in. Nobody's ever going to call him. Yeah, like that. And he came in this morning and recommended enthusiastically dial mountain fresh body wash. He said it's lavender. And I thought, oh my goodness, lavender. Now, seriously, he said it's the best. He said it's just leaves you feeling so refreshed and whatever. I don't know. He just, you might have a problem with him about it. You have to obsessed with it. Anyway, we got the very depressing result to one that pulled about the body wash and the soap and stuff like that. Are you guys still thinking the stone age? Okay. They're still right. And the guys are still wearing two piece bathing suits. Let's get with it. Take off those knickers. Okay, and get you some body wash and stop the crap. Jesus, God Almighty, like a bunch of little children have to be led by the hand. Oh, guess what? Your life is in the face. Passay, people don't do it. People are by black and white TVs anymore. God, it's depressing. It's also depressing that the kids are off for our veterans day today. It just, it just seems to me, outrageous. This is not one of those days. You know, it's not this respectful to the veterans. We appreciate their service and we feel pretty as personally the people who died and wars that were based on lies like Vietnam and Iraq. But the kids ought to be in school today. Learning something. There was no traffic though. So we're fine. Well, and like I said, it's a good idea to get those pinnily-ask kids out of the school. We'll get those buses off the road. 10, 14. Oh, look at that firefighters. A badly-gift forearm blaze in Oklahoma, California. Any interest? Oh, but CNN's like, oh, just in. Oh, that's so. Oh, a lot of their blowing smoke. Looks like the Vega road. Forgret Bulls, deexotic riders. Get Memphis when he realize he raised four grimmables wow! Sh前 Legu Remo J J at that trees only just land. He wasted all my patrons to follow! Normally chamiannab and E. He is a god boy and yet rich you can even help a rich man I'm gonna get out of here. Master of Boyd Street, that was telling you for nine months that day. Come on, he's finally now. Honey, past 10 years, I'm playing out oldies today. And now I'm a rich George Bean off today. We got Miguel and Josh Cortister. All right. That necessarily in that order. Down Mountain Fresh Miguel's gonna go out. That and get him a sweet yielder to weekend. And like, would lavender, body wash. All right, Roder. We just won't tell anybody about it. In fact, Miguel has such a wussie admitted to me before the show today that he goes in. He's one of these people that puts down toilet paper on a seat in a public tea room. Do that pole, see what happens. What? Put that on the pole. We'll do that. Next week one day, we'll do that. Okay, you'll see. I don't think very many people. But it's one thing. If you went into a public tea room, you had to do a doose. And you see that the seat, you put the seat down. You see somebody, you're showered it. Yeah, so your wife are off. That's all. And that cleans it completely. From what? Dure from what? A germ's my ass, okay? For you are so such a wussie man. You are the definitive Cuban wussie. You need to have a scusy guy with born in Chicago. Yep. You've been ingrained it from the time he was a child. He still got that uptight, Mr. Macho. But you're just a wuss. That's a sad part. Adam Thorn is leaving. There's a good guy for you. Well, Mr. Malad, he's a really good guy. I'm up until recently. But. Now I realize why he's been screwing off. It has been plenty to get out. I don't blame him. I know it was just a matter of time. They screwed him over really bad. And that QM sales department for what? It is just, you know, they played their favorites. And of course when screwing on was their shatterbring in her girlfriend Berkeley, who couldn't sell a glass of water for a nickel, who was starving urban in the middle of the desert, and had all the oil money. Just one of those things. Hey, Berkeley, don't take it personal. But it is and this personal and professional. You're pathetic. And of course, we also got Todd rec. He's got this coming on. He's got that. You know, I don't know how you're all fine, but even with no numbers isn't making a big, you know? Because we got that. We have the big numbers, but we got a sales department that can't sell it. Even on a sunny day for getting him off the hurricane, even under the best of times in circumstances. It's, uh, tragic. And of course we got fat boy. And he's a boyfriend out there. He's psychotic boyfriend. So that speaks for itself. Wait till we get to the poll today. That's good stuff. Here's yesterday's poll. 1465 votes. What push family behavior is the sleasiest. George W. starts an unprovoked war in Iraq. 584 vote. George W. steals a 2000's election. 243. Jeff Bush hances. Big brother that election in 2010. George W. sits on his ass reading map. Pate co while the USA is attack 102. George W. hands haliburt. No big contracts in Iraq in the Gulf States. 95. George W. slide is where hero John Kerry. In the 2004 campaign. It should probably say draft dodging. George W. 70. Prescott Bush finances the 90. The Nazis in the 90s. 68. The 11th of Bush's model shoes into the West of Budpay. Tax A 58. John Ellis Bush has sex with a minor in a parking lot. 41. And telehassy no less. No L. Bush gets arrested for fake Xanets. Prescription of the telehassy Walgreens. Has got 19 votes. Should've done burden. Over the left that part. But out. Laura Bush kills boyfriend in the car crash. 17. It was an accident. Neil Bush has an L scandal. 15. Papa Bush read my lips. No new taxes. 14. I like where we spelled Papa. Papa. Sop on Europa. Right. You think this new Nazi Pope uses soap on Europa? Probably uses soap that was made from Jews. George W. Poich's incumbent in national security adviser Condoleezza to be Secretary State 10. Jenna Bush arrested for drinking with a fake ID while underage in Austin, Texas, May 2001. 8. Jenna sticks her tongue out liberally at the media during her father's 2004 Relection campaign. John Ellis Bush gets charged with public intoxication. And resisting arrest and Texas September of this year. And George W. The nominated Terry and Myers for the Supreme Court. The Crow Phony Crony only two votes for that. And George Herbert Walker Bush invades Panama got the big. Oh, at a 14. 265 votes. Hey, God, that big. Nobody cares about Panama. Okay. Right. Who gives a flying crap about Panama? Right. And Noriega and the Panama can out all those things. We care about Nicaragua. That's what we care about. And we care about Neil Rawa. And I'll be public in the minicone. And I see that the military's interested in Paraguay. Wait until we invade South America. At least it's closer anyway. Yeah, that's true. You know, I've heard that to mention with Hank. I was too busy ripping Mike Burradino and rightfully so you're just a sour push, Mike. He's so negative. I think that Marlon Zotta toss your ass from the press box. They might want to on opening day. You know, this business about his lot of MTC. See how others a lot of D.C. to any sporting event pretty much. Although in Pittsburgh last night was going to see that place with Jan Pack for that convenience game. I was good. They're getting back after a bad start. But, you know, they're making progress. They're making strides. And I think this organization, I like their predecessors, which we're just rated like this mantle of the team. At least these people may be offered out there to bring another world championship couple of years ago. Am I right or did I just dream that? Oh yeah, definitely. Well, so what's not to like, they got two world championships in last eight years. And a dolphin's have one squat in like 20 or 30 some years. And the panthers haven't won a playoff game since before. Jesus was a baby to threat. And the heat well, they got problems. You know, he's got a hang nail. We're going to have a let's have a round that I set the tracks injuries. Now you're too negative. Like you and Dave Joseph, man, sour, sour, sour, sour, always negative. And see, it was how Hank tried to turn out on me that a little bit of our world meal was so negative. That's not true. I just tell a like it is. If the organization stinks and happens to his force, I'll tell you like the dolphin organization. It's in joke. It's pathetic. They suck. Just wait till Sunday man. That's going to be ugly. That's my prediction. It's going to be really ugly. Of course, I leave it wide open like that because either way comes out. It could still be ugly, right? Right. I can't speak of ugly. They don't come much ugly and very. He makes me look beautiful. Very house mommy doing. How goes round back lunches. Come on sweetheart. He goes on. Jim Sarnier, the evening is Friday. He writes three pages on the internet of nothing. Absolutely. Just kiss him up to, uh, what's the guy who's doing to play by playing the game this weekend? Jim Nance. Everybody in South Florida hates Jim Nance because he hates everybody. He knows he hates the dolphins and he hates the hurricane. So I'm basically everybody has hated him forever. But because he'll do an interview with Jim Sarnier. So, Sarnier writes about 40,000 words about Jim Nance. And I wonder if he's going to be doing a super bowl of, uh, nobody cares about Jim Nance. He's going to be doing a super bowl of, uh, nobody cares about Jim Nance. He's going to be doing a super bowl of, uh, nobody cares about Jim Nance. And he old-tode. And then he writes two other pages of crap that nobody cares. And also stuck on up to his buddy Evan Colony on, uh, ESPN radio and Palm Beach. Seven, sixty that nobody ever heard of before. Nobody listens to it. Nobody knows who that is. But that's Jim Sarnier. Now, a little very writes about Eric Reed. He writes all this stuff about Eric Reed's credibility. He'll probably important to him. Eric Reed's very good if he was stopped talking through his teeth. He'll shove him in the, I don't like that. He's reap, he does it. I know. I know. Reed currently wants his team to win as much as any play by playing outside the market. But he's always been objective about mistakes by heat players. And generally, he doesn't really want to face what he's like. W-out of these Mike English. Well, speaking of English, who's winding about calls have become unbearable. It's like five against eight right now. He's a scream during game last week. Mike English. I don't ever heard of him. Is he good? I don't know. Does he speak of the English? And then he goes on, uh, little buried. The only other thing we might even be remotely interested in. Personnel rumblings. All right. My amyets is here. How do you like that? All right. Miami. Nice going. Very idiot. Another man. This is getting a microphone. Michael Mandage. Jim said informa walk on tight and admission. A lot of tight ends in that family. We'll become the sideline reporter on the FI Youth Football broadcast on 1316 WKAT. Beginner of a 19th. Jim and it's his MZM production owns the right to FI Youth Radio Network. But I'm sure that's just a coincidence. Am I right? All right. And here's the important part. ESPN announced her in 790 to take a talk show host John Boogshambhi. And as merges his candidate for radio job with the Mets. John B. True dot of Marlins TV job last winter as we know and did the right thing like I tried to tell you for a long time. Go to dot of Marlins job. The good ESPN gets a national escorted and he's done such a great job. The next one is the radio guy. If he's smart, you'll think that. What do you think? Number one mark in the country, baby. The Mets. You don't think that would be a good deal. I do. The kinds of the money I guess. No. Yeah. That. You know. Well, he was from New York. And plus it's his team. He doesn't have to get his authority up like in a team. He's brought the money. We'll be like a jet-fanned with a dolphin game to stuff like that. Because if we relax the Mets. Why do you breast it? If he can't send you go shallvist, take him out. If you can't spend you go shallvist, take him out. If you will, then it's worthless. I'm afraid we'll have to kill ya. And we'll ever go to the field, you take him out. You're going to hurt him so do I. You go shallvist. You must die. You are and be like the devil. And besides we need your own. Die you go shallvist. Die you go shallvist. That's good. Die you go shallvist. You dirty call me what? Well, this poll today. We got 476 votes. It's only 11th and 1030. I'd like that. I'm going to leave this on. I'll leave this over the weekend so everybody can vote. Yes. And then we'll do the toilet paper on a toilet seat next week. To see how many other nervous melese. Oh, the germs are going to catch something off the toilet seat. Maybe you can get some mask. You'll let me back on your body that you washed off with your body wash. Maybe you can fire get some off the toilet seat. Maybe some truck driver. Some real macho vice said they'd be for your eyes. Anyway, here's the poll today. And you know, Pat Robertson said it again. And like I said, the Hank, the only problem with Pat Robertson is that the media. They tell his exploits and his ramblings. Like we're talking about a rational, credible person as opposed to saying, Start maybe lunatic, Pat Robertson said this today. And we'll get to him eventually. Which applies to you, we're asking them. They all you macho guys out there. This is very disheartening to me. We got so much work to do. 476 votes. Are you a male? A male? I share with soap 259. 54.4% are even soap. And probably dropping it a lot too. A male? I share with body wash with a squeegee. 85. With a squeegee. Miguel. 85. So, you want to use soap because it has germs on it. You'll sit or not, public toilet seat. Okay, that makes sense. I was just joking about germs. Okay, Mr. Hot. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm sorry. Mr. Hot. I used the body wash because it's the new intelligent way to... Yeah, just like I told you before. You won't walk into... You go into a public tea room, which is a place you ever in a hang out a lot. And when you go to the sink to wash your hands, they don't have soap sitting around. Now, when you use soap, if there was a public soap sitting in there, they've got only those. Who would have was, and where they stuck it? No, you would not. And so any public tea room, they've got like that, little tump thing by the end of all the sinks. something by the end of the things and you pump a little liquid soap on your hands or any wash your hands just like at home how many people have a bar of old ugly sofs in around the sink in the kitchen or an bathroom no they got like probably a little bottle of soft soap for some other crap right even drive corners there probably got some soft sofs in there I do see there you go well so in other words if it makes sense to wash your hands which you're obviously I mean you were in clothing over the rest of your body during the day so what's the odds that your body is going to get dirty unless you're rolling around in the mud with a bunch of jobs or something uh- unlikely but your hands in fact when we had the servicing going on here when you want to have a quarantine last summer when we had the servicing in Toronto a laugh now or if you're new coming back to talk you think we have a lot of a station or they have the cars up there so we have a quarantine for the quarantine you're at sok you idiot you still I mean yeah you wasn't part of that yeah had you weren't I wasn't yeah you that's that is a lie oh you see your fullness goes George isn't there they George is on you he told me that you were the leader in shaker on that no okay well tell me who was then I'm not telling you who was why not oh who care there was George of course oh George Corso you idiot you George Corso are crack engine airman I think he's been up there sticking at fish or can too many strange plays like don't yeah ought to be quarantine quarantine this you in the so many you silly goose it's been good thing that the real engineer came up here a whole year came up and built a help build this studio with a guy from the fan up here he stopped by not too long ago there's a real engineer for a good guy Julio man he's a great guy he's the one that put this whole thing together the best the little studio going in the USA and in the world unless anyway what was that same before you interrupted me with your book ramp about whatever that one's about Julio you were talking about the soap the bars soap at the hands right this is the way people take a shower now this is the entuser whether you's body or watch they don't use soap no more intelligence people unfortunately our audience has got a lot to learn now if I can finish the pull result we got on this 500 votes just past 10 30 today's our thousand I guarantee of that this isn't required in opinion this is just which which of these are you I don't even bat 42 I put that on there because I smelled a lot of you believe me 42 oh god female I shower with body washed one and I didn't put with it without a squeegee because women are worried about you know they're much a image unless maybe some dikes well they used to loop on 20 and female I shower with soap 16 so even on a women it's like 50 50 only a few while low to see the they're moving in the other direction more women now with a body wash as opposed to the soap and the saddest part of this whole things that only 36 women voted on a poll so far we're just under 500 votes and we got 36 women that's really sad and by the way don't you lie you're a three year teeth you also were involved in a thing about quarantine with the SARS oh what I was saying why haven't that anyway I'm your pardon who am I that I haven't seen that anyway you were in the meeting and you all you were one of the people said I wanted to do this is going to eat a so yeah I had you weren't you're you're the ringleader when don't judge our money when George comes back make sure we talk about that for now or okay I'll remind you myself the point I was starting to try to make to is when we had the SARS thing one of the things that they keep teaching you and I got on the habit of doing it even now is when you come in when you've been outside the super marketer wherever you go and you come inside you wash your hands you go to sink into kitchen you water to bathroom wherever you wash your hands with the liquid soap and the scrub your hands clean with warm water right because the your hands are what makes you sick your hands you'll pick up the germs on the door knob in the tea room wherever you're running around handleafs of whatever you're doing all right there you go so that's why I'm not even going to go in with too late because you're now you're hopeless you're hopeless case you're a professional spick and you always will be and the rest of us you know Josh has come along Troy Stratford came in not only is Troy using the body wash but in the juiciest and he did not you're mentally you're I am often using the body wash yeah well you're how long has that been a long time here's to win to that no you never embarrass me said what have you told me anything dial mountain fresh is what Troy Stratford recommends a number 23 says it's lavender is a little on the uh tell the wife to go buy it a lavender you're going to use a lavender body wash okay bad for your image man this is the same guy who last we said that he washed all the masculine the office body when he used the uh the lufa that was that your wife's lufa or is that just that when you found hanging around surrounded floor in the tea room it was hers yeah well no comment 21 to 11 at 5 60 WM let's take a look at that award-winning QAM lineup today more Howard David it two two two two two two two man dog man it's three solid hours today and who doesn't do well another tough assignment for the man dog uh panter people with seven the panters in the Carolina hurricanes is that a home game or a roguine tonight who does find by the well says to round my schedule uh we can't even return because he's on a fun out our program director is in uh Seattle or somewhere to do a hurricane basketball game make up your mind coach you want to be a real program director which you're not or do you want to be a hurricane flunky sportscaster type that's very sad guidance post to be the PD and he's he's off for like he's going on Monday and Tuesday and muck was telling me although muck likes to win parents isn't there because that muck can play PD again and dog and who there's in the pines for the seven now what I just said panther people with seven I was at a homero way game tonight oh is it really yes now that's a game you people are really go to because Caroline is good that kid Eric Stahl is good as dynamite and coal I got some good players on a team they don't go back there's no point you go and because you don't watch to game anyway didn't see the fact they blew that game I didn't even know that until yesterday they blew the game with three seconds left that's especially now blowing games right at the asset of a game with just seconds left and lost on the shootout eight to the range but anyway panters in Carolina seven three night should be a pretty exciting and any kid ten we got Pat Robertson dober uh dober pencil vane you man those people are going to burn and hell and then we got the update on the man with a toiletail which you're coming to find out you took a light detector test and they said he's spot on man they said he's got a spot on him they can't flush this you can't flush this you can't flush this you can't flush this my my my lunch hit me so hard let me say oh my my thank you good like you need with the one thing that you wouldn't do this if good when you sit down you and your baby can down and brown but I didn't know that such there's a lot of shortage so you can flush that's hold your hand boy you can't flush this should they have that chilly dog baby you can't flush this look at my eyes man the red one you can't flush this yo look flush it funky you look for your right hand you can't flush this three year old which adiates he's one of about the final thing he called my handle last hour's down as he keys and bill like rocks go down as slowly and trust what you do not very much what makes your mouth is that night he gon' do it this no but I fight let him know but I know what such he does it again and he head will be flushed you're like told you how to relax can't touch this do it again and I'll play it to the jiffy you try to flush this uh get out of my way man you think a lot yeah out of rhythm he got this special room is spinning now you know you brought the pork and butter sauce you pull up and touch you leave this the cup in the inner real touch because the lady has to go she's just like down on a butt she's just so right through smart she's wedged and tight now she's stuck that's rude because you know you can't flush this man I think you're indeed can't flush this come on man let's flush it man can't flush this 1047 at five cc I will admit to one little fetish that I have and that is you know how they have most of the self-flushing toilets now in the public tea rooms yes and you know you get up and walk away and if you're certain distance away it automatically flushes well like it would find if I have one of those serious uh movements and uh I'll get up and the things sometimes a little hesitant before it flushes and I walk uh to the right to the edge of the inside of the doors far away as I can from the toilet to make sure that it flushes before I walk out because it's just it's just very uncool or walking you know for somebody else to walk in you have left something visible behind you were saying no you didn't leave things behind no that is correct and there you use your appetite like Pat Robertson makes me lose my appetite for life religious broadcaster and lunatic and crazy person Pat Robertson warned residents of a rural Pennsylvania town yesterday that disaster may strike there because they voted god out of your city by outsting school board members who've made your teaching so called intelligent design all eight dober Pennsylvania school board members up for reelection were defeated to day after trying to introduce intelligent design like that the belief that the universe is so complex that it must have been created by a higher power and an alternative to the theory of evolution I'd like to say the good citizens of dober if there's a disaster in your area don't turn to god you just rejected him from your city Robertson said on the Christian broadcast and there were 700 club in fact when he's done killing Hugo Chavez he's going to go to dober and give them what floor eight families had sued the district claiming the policy of violates the constitutional separation detergent state the federal trial concluded days before Tuesday's election but no one is finished with later Thursday Robertson is just a statement saying he was simply trying to put out that our spiritual actions have consequences god is tolerant loving but we can't keep sticking our finger in his eye forever Robertson said if they future problems in dober recommend they call on Charles Darwin maybe he can help them Robertson made headlines to several what he called on his daily show for the said that his daily show not today we show but his daily show for the assassination of Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez and October 2003 he's suggested the state Department will be blown up with a nuclear device he also said that feminists and encroaches women to kill their children practice witchcraft destroy capitalism and become lesbians you fare other than that he's it is your ordinary preacher guy just another guy let's see here's a fact that says body wash nivia is good however unless it's anti-macterial with sloth of soap sorry not a lot of wrong whoever sent this thing they know something you're full of crap we literally trying to the anti-bacterial is bad stuff right because it creates this uh freedom germs that you have no resistance to don't usually anti-bacterial please believe me correct it doesn't get you fully clean in germ free it says oh germ free my ass will you stop all you people with this fetishes about being germ free you have any idea how many little microscopic things are crawling around on your scalp and other parts of your body right now as I speak to you okay things that you can see it's like dust mites whatever you've seen it does might have you ever seen one uh that in person no no you can't see one because there you are too small to be seen before you can sure feel I'm when they start fighting you're like when you go to a hotel a lot of hotels and they you know they wash all the sheets in the pillowcases in one big uh tub you know and as a result they like that I have it in dust mites in them and you lay down it could be even the nicest hotel go and but man the sheets are lying and you lay down either for like 15 minutes and before you can fall speak with that it's easy and then you wake up at a morning you see these little scratches on your hand and uh other body parts back home that too also it says public restroom is definitely need a layer of tree of paper on the sea literally a layer of or three i'll even use my shoe to flush the toilet there's not a matter to me oh geez you use a shoe to flush the toilet i want about you and you have to read the ones the old fashion ones that have the handle you reach down and flush it with your hand and you use your shoe what shoe what also when you come you don't do a motor appearance not and also why is there no best of what what does that mean oh i know the words why is there no best of cd to ask you next time we're getting out of here there's somebody just isn't knowing okay whoever sent this text you just annoying go away that was then this is now we're moving on we're not for it okay more money than ever bigger ratings than anybody could imagine and we're doing just fine it's by the time jica and my third you know and Dave Joseph well i tell you Hank is gonna you gotta find my can do whatever he wants but you gotta find a new circle of friends give me a different outlook on life those are his boys man the most sour negative bunch of slime balls they've Joseph oh brother just negative negative and sour 526 votes which applies to you mail i shower with soap god will pray for you will call parabotin you can say a brocho for you 2854.7 percent of the men listening to the show shower with soap the old fashion way probably lava soap mail i share with body wash with a squeegee 91 now there's somebody with confidence or maybe there's somebody who's a whatever 91 mail i share with body wash no squeegee 62 no squeegee though i don't ever bathe 45 8.5 percent so if you walk out said you open up the door or just crack a window a little bit near snalsen never these things like hell one of those 45 people's probably in the hood they stink they don't bathe i believe that too by the way female our share with body wash 23 and female our share with soap 17 40 so out of 526 we're getting closer to a 10 percent women on a poll that are citing our two throughout not we don't have enough women listening to the show to fill a phone phone booth with first say speaking a sad but we should take a color to or not because i got a big pile of stuff it is Friday oh you know they're good they take one or two oh they will be good w q a m hello they're exfoliated w q a m hello i'm in our end oh sorry sorry I told you i knew they'd be good it was count on those oh yeah 56705 60 i'm always inspired by take one or two and they're that good you know 56705 16 pound 560 the Verizon or Singular wireless line how many wishes we got out there they put toilet paper on a seat in the public team when we before they'll sit there as down on it i got a new for whoever sat there before you did probably had a cleaner as than you got how do you like that i thought about it now i don't i don't especially with all and refried beans your people you know i'm going to surprise that all to me god 530 it's not even the end of the first hour yet if we don't do a thousand day we'll never do it again that's my estimate could be wrong but i think we had to be pushing for don't you because we're going to be pushing on to 600 by the end of the first hour that's because i got up early this morning came in here and flipped the poll on just out of curiosity because i thought it was going to be a preliminary poll that was the original idea and then after i got up the second time and eight o'clock came in and it's a holy moly we get a lot of votes on this because this is uh... everybody's got a washroom or later or not as a case may be right even some of our salespeople in fact that boy takes a whole uh... a project to get him washed they have to like squint like a hog that is sloth him down wqa and hello yes sir how are you today pretty good and i was a time to go funny my hands up he's uh... pretty religious guy and i was asking um... if i got a question if you know what makes your religion more right to somebody else's room and uh... and he can go you know it's i'm the right that's what how do you know your right and uh... i think you know i'm i'd better not apply a little before you know and i have a hard time believing most is was nine hundred years old or no i'm so no uh... from the art bit and he's all that we would true that's the true yeah but and and don't get your hopes up at seventy two you better keep it within perspective okay pal i can't get it's going to be islam is probably going to come on blow up your hood pretty soon trace the call to be qa m hello yes sir i i want to find out what's the speedy talking about always like a little while like i saw the way i use a washcloth and you the sponge roll into a call it that's a brand name and music and we'd put it on a bit of the washcloth yeah he's a wolf so you're going to be excellent actually here's a real man on a phone thank you congratulations he's not like a real man gay no he was not gay okay that's the Miguel for you again everything is gay everybody is a and everything is because of the hood that he grew up in okay all of them were now speaking of strange polygraph supports man in toilet tail we've been given to the updates on this story and there's this picture he looks like definitely to me like he guys had his ass glued with toilet seat he just looks apart this is uh Rocky Mountain news needle and every time i say needle and i keep thinking of neverland's i don't know why because uh just sounds like it that's the name of the place in Colorado the man in the city was glued to a home depotor that's eaten 2003 passed a polygraph test administered Wednesday this week odd dourity fifty seven smile inside his lawyers office just minutes after learning of the test results week bridge polygraph her Jeff janks was paid an underscore amount of money by fox three one news in the dendrages that is to uh perform the test janks asked dourity about twenty questions dourity said in four of those questions double the allegation by former town official the dourity said he was stuck to a toilet seat in the visitor center's restroom in 2004 dourity denied that allegation and you know something if he would have a paper down on the seat first he would have got stuck to it see that in my opinion he is telling the truth janks told the station i knew it was going to be like this nobody said the polygraph results the finding prompted dourity call for an apology from needle and officials i'm not going to be putting up with crack pots he told fox thirty one i don't need any more distressed i want them to fix my name i've had they've dirty the first a dirty his ass back home when i glue another dirty his name dourity who said he threw up prior to interview with rocky mountain news said he'd take the test because everybody thinks i'm dirty this is going to kill me my life is sure as it is mark culling dourity's lawyer also said i have to find the source of two days news throw was quoted former time director of operations ron truss paz as they said he's a film came from the community in 2004 about a sticky toilet seat co initiative public records requested the town asking for seven sets of documents including copies of any phone records or facts records or emails evidence in any communication by anytime employee new paper media that during the last fourteen days dourity made national news with this female in dollar loss of against tom depot on october third thirty of 2003 dot thirty was good the toilet scene the lovable store dourity said he needed to use the restroom urgently reach for a paper seat cover before sitting down on the special was empty he sat on anyway that's what his legs and but i was became a fixed of the seat which was unbolted by permit to carry out dourity still attached dourity's lawyer mark culling said they're suing mottie culling a home depot because employees ignored his calls for help and failed to stock toilet seat covers news of a possible copy cat of a possible copy cat situation in bickersfield california with important ms and bc on Wednesday the unidentified man was taken to the hospital still attached to the toilet seat according to usually for us so actually want to be famous just bring a bunch of crazy go in the other to the other maybe a super go to the can the after were about for the pain the s paper that this is a meal rockets stop the best 532 do00 Hill Roger show 2 things compared to talking cars of the 2008 candidate Why? Where did you get wrong? I picked it up in the toilet. Here's what you'll find in the toilet. This way. I'm just dying to be a birth to a 55-pound showhorse. John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship with a super-new diet. The bird is dating Johnny Hingley to make war and jealous. I'm sleeping with Joan Collins and I don't even know what he did. He did. It's the toilet. But National toilet. Put a quarter in the sloth and real life-themed world of 40. It's 11.05-16. The QM-Hempie Friday. To yesterday, I discovered how I held it. I discovered that. I guess somebody facts it in. At first, list of celebrities. You took it from there. I took it from there. I picked up the ball. I ran with it. Who to.com? It's a pretty neat website. So anyway, I was checking out last night. Here's another list of celebrities, a famous people, who are critter defenders. Okay. You aren't necessarily members of the Uxian organization. Peter. They've George Hates so much, but they're like critter defenders. They're like anemials. It says, naturally, the expect-set scientific luminaries is Jane Goodall, the champion animal. Right? After all, she studied apes for most of her life. And if you've read their books, it's not surprising that authors ask her to linger in an Alice Walker. She'll be among those who advocate better treatment for animals. But did you know about these other celebrities who have a soft spot for our furry friends? I'm sorry to use a line about that, but the joy is to get very upset. Let's just stay away from our furry friends. Start off the excesses, actress Linda Blair. What we knew that, I think, is also possessed with a desire to save animals from exploitation and extinction. She contributes to various charities that need to educate the public and animal issues. She even has a hand in alternate.com, a lifestyle psych devoted to cruelty, free products, and other alternatives. I want to use animal products in byproducts and soap. See me go, I like this soap because he figures that's made from old Jews. Former Beatles report, McCartney is a well-known vegetarian, converted one day of lunch while watching the family sheep cohort. His late wife, Linda McCartney, was an outspoken advocate of vegetarianism, and the author of several cookbooks. And then I'd be she marketed a line of meatless frozen foods. What is it, is it the seventh day of vegetarian sweet-that crap? I mean, we think it's the seventh of meatless stuff? Yeah, that's terrible. Come on now. What about the vocal burgers? It was our two men. You say so? You never had a vocal burger? No, I can't say that I have. But I wouldn't like them. I probably wouldn't. Other popular recording stars who champion animal rights include electronic wizard, Moby. Oh, thank God, Moby's not gay. Singer songwriter, Chrissy Hein, of the pretenders, is that Hein, H.Y.N.T.E. Yes. Kruener Katie Lang, oh thank God, she's not gay. And Blues Rocker, Melissa Atheridge. Yeah, what? What? Gay? Gay? Bob Barker, host of the TV game show that prices write as the founder of the DJ and T.Found based in organization that funds the spang and tutoring of animals. He also has wages to public campaign to ban elephants from circuses, and in 8080 quit his host of the Miss America and Miss Universe pageants, when officials insisted on giving a fur coat as a prize. He said, bye, bye. He said, he'll go have fond his own fur pet fur coats. Anyway, from a Hollywood couple of Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger are a proud member of the, oh, like I said, I made a band of mistake. The proud members of the people for the ethical treatment of animals. The performing animal welfare society, pause, and that cute pause. Another organization that worked for animal rights, Baldwin's specials become one of the more outspoken celebrity advocates for animal rights movement and is such something of a lightning rod for its opposed to the animal rights movement. And is such something of a lightning rod for its opponents. Just like in the movie, what's the movie? The Alic Baldwin, the Americanets. Yeah. The movie with the Americanets. For you guys, it's just between the two. You have no clue? No clue. We just got two tired. I just watched it here a couple of weeks ago. Anyway, you guys are like so out of touch. And you're like experts on toilet seats and soap. My God, if I were you, I keep my opinions real clear of positive. Like most of your relatives. Twins Alexander Paul and Caroline Paul. Both are Victor Terrence and animal rights activists. Alexander Paul was a co-star of the TV show, Baywatch. Caroline was one of the first women to join the San Francisco Fire Department. Alexander's defense acquitted his extens even his silkworms for a 20,000 wedding she reportedly chose a wedding dress which contained those silk. Isn't that lovely? In 1990s, TV talked your host and sometimes actress Ricky Lake. They have called on run for as many as the most news were they delivered against animal cruelty. She and her husband were arrested in an anti-fur protest in New York and laid to the briefs in in the slimer. Unrepetent she continues to be an advocate for animal welfare. Working for animal welfare is no recent fact. Celebrities who have been involved for years in the fight for better conditions for animals include actresses from all over the spectrum from Doris Day. And Alicia Silverstone, the Bridget Bardot, Ellen D. Generitz, from Mary Tyler Moore and Tippy Headwind, who likes all of the animals except the birds to verify her mistress of the dark. And in the last decade, even supermodels have made their opinions known with top models known by Campbell and Christie. And certainly, even coming out publicly against fur. Another anti-fur's love celebrity's actress in Cypher Pitop, Pamela Anderson, that cow. The former star of TV's Bay Watch was given a 1990 in an award from Pita for her public house folk in this animal abuse and the fur industry. That must be another reason George Hates were like poison. And the movie, Bay of actor James Cromwell, played the good farmer, Hogget, friend and mentor to do a sheep herding pig. And real life Cromwell is a friend who all animals and the narrator of a Pita film urging people to stop eating pigs. Oh no chance I love my groveers, baby. Yeah. And everybody like groveers, of course. And every non-negative pork chip pork chop. Yum, yum. He deserves government officials in the public many times to put into animal cruelty. And 2000 monitors arrested outside of Wendy's hamburger restaurant while trying to persuade people to boycott the fast food chain. Oh man, we're like Wendy's initial. If we were that, which jerk was this that we're doing in? James Cromwell. James Cromwell. Farmer Hogget. To love. 560-70560. Pomp five world police team of America world police. That's a movie I was thinking of. You haven't seen that? I haven't seen it. He had. Of course you're the one that sent it to me I thought. And you didn't know the movie when I said, I would bowl the Mary and Ed, but you just, you're still worried about my man. Man, man, you're like so far behind man. You're like kind of time delay. Josh is working on a two hour delay today. What do you mean by that? How would you call it? You could have said, I would bowl, you know. Mary and Ed, one other movie you ever seen where they had Mary and Ed's portraying Alley Baldwin. Well puppets, it was a better for me. You lost them at Mary and Ed. Yeah, yeah, it was a dead. You see, there is a difference between a puppet and a Mary and Ed. Mary and Ed has strings attached. A puppet doesn't have any strings attached to it. Okay. Got it? I got it. See, you learned something today. Like how did he do do do he was a Mary and Ed. He has strings on him. Do he? Do he? He's a 180-pots. We're going to have like 600 in just a second here and I would bet you like 750 by noon. Holy, moldy. We're going to go away over a thousand and eight. If you just keep on looking at the soft and bottom wall. So that's what you need to tell you. It was so pissed off about it. You started a craze. Maybe we have like a riot in town this weekend. We have the body wash people on up on one side of the street and there's so people like in a heap of each other. If any of those people are going to win, yeah. Probably like the shaving jagged edges on their bars of soap. And don't drop it, whatever you do. The guys that have the soap on her rope believe you me. I know about them. Yeah. They need the soap on her rope because they have a heavy drop in it. Tell me to kill a M. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Good. I just wanted to thank you for getting me the flavor wave idea. You actually bought one? Yes, I did. Excellent. And for three weeks and you sell a time. Or the best damn thing you'll ever buy. Use mine every day. You know the best thing. Yeah. Why do I like the idea? Usually she doesn't like things that bring in. Yeah. Well, I'll teach her a thing or something. Okay. I'll enjoy it. Hey. Also go red wings. Number one. Yeah. Okay. Goodbye. 560, 50, 50, pound 560, the Verizon and Singular Abbas Sky. It made a good choice but he's still very boring guy. Come and make you a M. Hello. Do I M? Yes sir. Hey Neil, this is Peter Grease. What you doing? It's a, oh, I sure. We can talk to you three. And that's talking to your teeth. I'm here again. Bad imitation Eric. You got to say this score 70, 70, 70, 76. Then I know it's your agreed. I'm in fact he's got more like Greg Reid than Eric Reid to be honest. When you put your fist through the wall and if it's Greg or Eric. Okay. We'll tell him by the telltale sign. WCWM hello. Line nine. Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Get the axe body wash. I just got it. This we've seen that. Let me ask you a question. Is it good stuff? It's good. I do it. Just for my hand. Well, we know that. That's a bulletin. I have seen the axe and there are bottles of very small. Yeah, they're very small. Not a good value. The zest is huge. Have you seen the zest? I have not. Really? Now, zest is a good manly. So, if I think you'd like it, it comes like in two flavors that I've seen. One to bottle is kind of a little pink. I think maybe two pinkery. That is blue. Very manly. I stick to my two soaps and I'm good. Well, why can't you be a little more adventurous than that? I understand if you look quite something in your life. I keep you stick with it. But since it's a new concept relatively speaking, I've got a few years. Why would you want to try a whole bunch of like a rainbow of varieties? Like I got there. I know see, I don't need that. And if you have a ledge in your showers, they're like a little ledge. Yeah. Well, that's perfect. You better start working on a man. But I don't need 15. In fact, I want to shave in the shower. Put your edge on the ledge. Now, please don't tell me you use that old fashioned shaving cream. I have an electric razor. Oh, like I said, well, what a, oh man. Is there a real man around? Oh, a destination talking. It's top of the line, the brawn man cleans itself. It's good when you're right. Brown is good. I prefer the, the Gillette, the disposable, the new ones, the one. They keep making them better and better. The new ones are certainly, even though you're shaving. You don't even feel them. Well, if you're going to use a razor, you should use the vibrating mock three. You got to get a hold of that. If you use a razor. You haven't tried that. Why don't you try that? You stick my outer body, right? You stick with your vibrator. I'll stick with my inner body. I'll stick with my knocks, oh man. Okay. These like I worried about these body wash, and you hit the one with a vibrator in the shower. We don't want to hear about it. Okay. Joyce, and we call them all be in a, just because George is nearly there, it doesn't mean you don't need to fill the gap. Okay. The usual fills in for version. Okay. How does those cheerleaders do them by the way,itte. But as Joe's still that stall. 593 vote now. There's aoya, a store like the, McGell probably would mine hang it out. Although they're ruining it and they're not too sure. Did you see the pictures I'm sure you did. Yeah. Of course. Now, if she got a dog face or what? and have to wait in her own face. I want to talk about that. I have to get extra points. Because the ugly is doggy's an African now. How come we're slowing down on a pool here? We have 595 votes. We ought to be way over 600 by now. What's with you, people for Christ's sake? Jesus, God Almighty. This doesn't even require an opinion just a fact. Which applies to you, a male. I share with soap 327. 55% still living in a stone age man. You're crazy. You're lunatics throw to sop away. Open a window and heave it out the window. Me, my shower with body wash with a squeegee, 107. That makes me feel so much better about life. Guys, I don't know what to do. Who cares? If the rest of the world knows what you do in a shower, man, you've got real problems. Really? Me, my shower with body wash. But no squeegee yet. I'm working up to 69. I don't even bat 49. Female, my shower with body wash. 24. Female, my shower with soap 19. So out of 595 vote, we got 43 women. Man, we are really a virgin. A virgin. A male. Roger. This is 516A-5. My religion better than you are. I believe you've better than you are. You're fair. My religion is required to avoid a life of fire. My religion better than you are. My religion better than you are. My religion better than you are. My religion better than you are. My religion better than you are. I believe you've better than you are. Why do you think of getting better than you are? How we liked about it best, how far are boats, and where address? Why do you think of getting better than you are. Why do you think of getting better than you are? My religion is required to avoid a life of fire. I'm a little bit nervous. We have no respect for women. Driver tap to make girls even more. I'm a little bit nervous. And I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. Too far, however, because we slaughtered, and dropped, and dropped, my little bit better, than your horse. I'm a little bit just standing in your religion. I'm a little bit nervous. You'll see these epic girls in the head of Peruvia indessus contracted dealers. My religion's better than your relation with ... in my religion's better than you're with. We're not a war scenario likeなる Russia's pure, you'll see 70-800系 over another day. But you saw a rule over your religion. My religion is way different than your words. We wear ties and light our bikes and get some very lives of lives. My religion is better than your words. My religion better than your words. We can change my religion better than yours. We don't want to use our brains for my blessing. We don't create my religion better than yours. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I think it's a 50-year-old. I still live in the stone-dade, man. It's still a drop in the soap and enjoy it. Madeleine shower with body wash with a squeegee, which could be like, you know, washcloth aloofa, aloofa, whatever. Spongebob 113. Madeleine shower with body wash, no squeegee. 70. I don't even pay 49. Female shower with body wash 24 female showers with soap 20, so that's 44. That's about 8%. Pretty weak, if you ask me. That's a pretty weak number. 8% women. Yeah. But then it gets QA, and it's a sports nerd station. It has no women listening basically, so they're like, you know, get a radar-owned audience. Yeah. So, we're not doing that. Here's the new poll for the rest of the day and a weekend. And maybe I left something out of here, but I don't think so. The most traumatic time in South Florida history was the Mary-Alboat Lift, which I voted for that, can't have been any doubt. The first wave of Cuban immigration, McDuffy riots, the Aley-An-Saga, 2009 each had election, Hurricane Wilma or Hurricane Andrew. All right, those are pretty good choices, I think. And we have to try and matter time that I miss him. No, I think we're good to go. I think about it for a while, but yeah, think about it. Put on your thinking, calf. Joshua Looney, his vibrating razor, and then you put on your thinking calf, and lying in the seat there. Why are you lying in the seat with a toilet paper? Because you don't want to catch Georgia's kudis. And I wish you were a room, are you in? I mean, Georgia's seat. See, you want to catch those kudis. Go on, go on. Especially after you sat around for almost two weeks with no power in the house. I don't really know what kind of things are crawling around that place. But I'm a little worried about this mic, but, you know, that's all different. Yeah, I get that list of reen, and I'd spray it clean. Because, yeah, I would. Bush and GOP admired in political court stand. I got a whole pile of stuff here in McEuggets up, so when I read the stories, and you know what, you can rob in hell, man. I could care less. If you like it, don't like it. Just sit there and tell me up. That's all. Okay. And every now and then interject some stupid comment. Worst for George. Bush and GOP. What is this new poll? It's, uh, we got more polling going on. A lot of polls. Democrats might be overstating their governor's horrific. To raise Tuesday and Jersey and Virginia are glaring for, our glaring signs for next year's midterm congressional lessons and beyond, but one thing is pretty clear. Bush and GOP seemed to be mired in political court stand. Or is that recognized by Martha and event levels when I get a quick stand? Or shall I get that? Or in Martha, uh, reused from Martha and about else, he's running for political orifice and Detroit. Next grade? Okay. Got a sum for an adieu. She's got an attitude of showing up in Branson, Missouri, I guess, with Andy Williams. And that's kind of sad. All these old recording artists, I do mean old. They have to want to go into like Niagara Falls and Branson and places like that. The last NBC news, the Wall Street Journal, Paul Felice, Wednesday night finds that all five of Bush and Java pro ratings and overall job performance, you've got to be foreign policy terrorism, and direct are at an all-time low in the survey. In addition, the CIA leaks, and it seems to be taking a toll too, but nearly 80 percent, believing the endemic dictates former chief of staff, school or livi is a serious matter. And with Bush experiencing a 17-point drops in January, and those who seem as honest and straightforward, which is, you know, better late than ever, I guess. With the mid-term, Zior Wade, these numbers could spell trouble for the GOP. These are not good times to Republican-Centric Republican-Polster Bill McEnter, who conducted a survey with Democratic-Polster Peter Hart. This is a very pissed off unhappy electorate that's going to be unstable, and they're terrific. We unstable, and we're sorry Republican majority, he said. Perhaps the best news for Republicans and the polls that Democrats are necessarily very much better, rightfully so, by the way, we need to find lists of cowards that they are. Both parties are having problems, McEnter, says. According to the poll, Bush is a approval rate in Stanton all-time low in this poll, a 38 percent. It's the third consecutive poll, I keep dropping in other words, and it doesn't stop there. Approval for his handling of the economy, 34 percent, foreign policy, 35 percent, terrorism, 39 percent, and direct 32 percent of all hit rock bottom. Rock bottom. I do like that. I was the liar, it said 57 percent, said that they can't trust him. Or was the other thing on that? Oh, here it is. 33 percent gave Bush a positive rating for being honest. 57 percent said he's a liar even worse than Greg Reed, which I'm telling you, when you hear that, you know you're really good. I mean, that's the affinity of lying this, when you're a worse liar than even our fearless leader. That's bad. And Patrick, you can and rights. This is honor of George, who's not working day, but he's become a big, happy, can and fan, because Pat is one of those right way Nazis, who occasionally gets like a moment of clarity, and has to spew out some truth. He says, well, the right to govern our own short to negative initiatives, democratic victories in New Jersey and Virginia, and President Bush's free fall in national polls and job performance credibility and character. The Republican Party is an imminent peril of losing the country, says Pat. Absolutely. He needs since that 11 of the parties indulged in a real full self-delusion that's become America's party. The Bush triumph in 2004, talking his braids settled a matter, where state America's triumph over blue state America, the future belongs to us. This was always hyperbally, where Nixon and Reagan rolled up 49 state landslides in the election runs, Bush won 31 states losing every state north of the Potomac in East of Ohio, two of the three-grade industrial states of the Midwest, Michigan, Illinois, and was scontained the Pacific Rim. I carry hammered in my trade and lost jobs in Ohio, and I'm afraid to have been a one-term president. What killed the first Bush presidency and is ruining the second as the abandonment of Reaganism and is embracing the twin heresies of neoconservitism and the big government conservatism is preached by the U.S. and IDI logs that the weekly standard in Wall Street Journal, weekly standard aka Bill Crystal, Nazi bastard. Under Bush won taxes were raised funding for a hot-medicacist exploded and a quota bill was signed under which small businesses accused of racial discrimination were made to prove their innocence or to be punished in true Soviet fashion. Bush, two social spending has exploded levels that LBJ might envy. Four-nate has been doubled. Poor kid every meal has become the GOP diet of choice. Sir buses have vanished and the deficit is soaring back toward 5% of GDP. Bill Clinton has turned to look like very gold water. Both Bush has abandoned the economic patriotism that a put American-American St. Louis for free trade globalism. Resolved the most massive trade deficit to U.S. history, the cutting of our industrial base, the loss of millions of manufacturing jobs, and the largest wealth transfer of all time with technology, factories, high-tech, and high-skilled jobs pouring out of America into Asia. Working American, the middle class of in sacrifice and the high-author of the Republican Mallarker Free Trade and how of our Chinese brothers were suffocated our magnet and magnet and magnet and magnet and magnet. Both Bush's embraced open borders immigration policy, the Wall Street Journal is coming in for two decades. Resolved we have 10 to 15 minute illegal aliens in our country, among whom gangs like the murderous Mara Sulta Verra, whatever her name was are proliferating. Native foreign California taxpayers are fleeing the Golden State of St. Louis tax consumers for win. So great is the crisis on the Mexican border, even the liberal democratic governors in the Mexican Arizona declared states of emergency, meanwhile 35,000 U.S. troops stand guard on the border of South Korea. The late editorial editor of the Journal Robert Partly once said, I believe that the nation's state is finished. He and his progeny are surely under the level of best to bring that about. As a country we grew up and become unmercognizable. We still hear the journal I couldn't faithful servant of the U.S. business roundtable, warning us not to oppose open borders. Meanwhile our very own doctor Pang was been watin bird, world was out about our being the first universal nation and in the echo they verbal isn't diversity wonderful. In foreign policy Bush was an internationalist after built a new world order after the Cold War. However, post 911 Bush 2 converted to a new conservatism that calls for unilateral American intervention in the Middle East and the Islamic World of bring down dictators in established democracy. Thus in March 2003, Bush and perhaps the greatest strategic blunder in U.S. history and faded in the air of nation ahead of the nation, as the president, and as the president and the president, as we know that we know it didn't have. Results she and Perts have been liberated from a cidama that Iran has a new ally and southern Iraq or Samus got a new base in the Sunni triangle, the Arab and Islamic world have been ready to rise against the U.S. and topic characters about kind of entircony our remaining allies in Europe and the Middle East. Spain, Britain, Egypt and Jordan. Unless we forget 255 that's 2005 that's 2058, now Americans are dead, and war to read hospital filling up. Ture the new conservative creed, Bush launched the global crusade for for democracy that's not bringing even closer to power, Hamas and Gaza in the West Bank, Hezbollah, Lebanon, the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and Syria, and Ciofa and the Middle East and Baghdad in Basra. Democratic imperialism is still imperious. There are Islamic peoples, whether the Crusaders come in the name of God or in the name of democracy, they're still Crusaders. When Rael Reagan went home to California, his era said, goodbye to all that and embraced big government conservatism and the O'Conciridism, if they don't find their way home soon to the principles of tanned gold, water, and Reagan, they will perish in the wilderness in which they've let us all. The alphabet will not see Tati Khan, even he's pitched out in part of the other thing. Fifty votes on the pool here. Let's see what we got so far in the second pool, trauma time, most traumatic time in South Florida. Two thousand hanging child election 15, Mary Albole, 12. That was a lot of fun. For those of us who survived it, Hurricane Wilma 6, Hurricane Andrew 6, first we have a Q&A immigration five. What do you say to that? The alienitosagger, four enemy toughy riots, Solomon Tados. This is the meal Rogers. This is by 162 phase. Welcome. Welcome. 27 of note of QAM. 78 votes on the new pool. So we need 384 on this one to get to our thousand for the team, or keep it at number of minds. 384, and we got 70 already. We're on our way to San Jose. All of our Jane San interesting facts, you're not really all interested in that. I want to be sent. And you texted to me, is it the way it came out here, or was it this way when you sent it. That way when I got it, there's a few sentences missing. Yeah, just enough so it doesn't make any sense. It's like a crappy fact to came out, Jane. It came out to good, and she says something, I don't know what she says. Oh, much of stuff. Thanks, Jane. There's one lady out there, it was even bothersome effects. But I can't read it because it's got all kinds of blotches and puked it. Man found guilty of drugging them in for sex and torture in Tampa, but there's a lot of crap going down in Tampa, you know what? That's a, two bad of the storm didn't like, wipe that town right off the map. I mean, it might be a few people we like over there, like the people that Donna Tellows in Bernstake house, but other than that, wiped that thing right off the map and start all over again. But you're Yahoo's. Now, where were you when you went in Tampa? Like, where was I? I've downtown Tampa. I've been all over Tampa. I've been in Tampa, Zidin Times, Bernstake house, Donna Tellows, which I just mentioned both. I think Chrystler on Dale Maybring. I mean, you worked in Tampa for a while. I didn't work in Tampa, but we had, when I was at IOD, we had a week where they were redoing our studio and I would be so, they, the whole bunch of us, the whole station, the whole staff had to go over to Tampa and they put us up on a hotel and we had to do our shows from WSUN, which at that time was Simon Casting our shows. I see. So we did the shows from Tampa. Why do you ask? In other words, you're suggesting, I don't know Tampa. I know, no, no, no, I was, I was going to ask you where at what part of Tampa you were in. Well, what do you say? What part of Tampa? I mean, it's like, you know, there's downtown Tampa, which is pretty boring. And then they got that, it looks like something out of India, with the University of Tampa, the strange buildings they got, you know? Yeah. And then there's Dale Maybring, which is where all your newty bars are, is probably where you hang out. There's, we need not like sections of San, and of course, there's you go over where you rest and you go over to the beach, which are like nothing, nothing, nothing, really. And then the same Pete, we're also in Saint Pete, where the average age is death. Yeah. Yeah. We did it pretty good at telling you restaurant and Saint Pete, which I'll never know the name of what it was, but it was pretty good. They got some good restaurants, so that can't figure it out. I just don't understand why I tampon Orlando with a bunch of backwater red and eggs. It got so many great restaurants. And it sounds good. I mean, not because there aren't some, but a per capita, they just aren't as nearly as many good restaurants and softful to their own Tampa. Can we read on that? Okay. I'm just telling you that, maybe you haven't eaten in a place like a safe steak and shake. I don't know. Well, where were you in Tampa? That was so great. Where did I live? Oh, you lived in Tampa? I lived in Tampa for two years. Oh, my, that explains so much. I tied in the bath? Yeah. I lived in Brandon. Oh, and Brandon, that's really the aim of the universe Brandon. That's East Tampa, Brandon. Now, isn't that where is it Brandon or Bartow? Or they used to have the old cow palace. In fact, you asked where I was. I went to, that's Bartow. In Bartow, they had the old cow palace where the lightning played the first two seasons before. Before we had the Panthers, there was only Tampa Bay. So as being the big leaf spend that I'm every time the leaf would play Tampa, I go there to that cow palace and saw a couple of, and at least we just pound the crap. The lightning really bad. I mean, really bad back then. And leaves would just pound the daylight and say, I loved it. But that was the most bizarre place. It was like, there's like a hockey ring in a circus tent. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. You'd be in the big hockey family. You went to a lot of games there. Yeah, not one. Not. Went to the ice palace. And the ice palace is also a very strange place. Yeah. I never went to that one. What was the intermediate one in between that was the old arena? I don't remember. There was an arena in the middle of the lane. And in that arena it was like, it wasn't pitched to the Seatsward pitch properly. So that like, if you were sitting there was a woman with a big, big, big bond of haircuts that had a fireman, I remember one game. And I couldn't see overhead. Yeah. I've got a leaning and leaning from the side to side because the Seatsward not like angled at the right angle. That's Tampa for a man, really screwed up. I did there, huh? Well, you know, it was like my first year's a high school. I didn't have a bad time. But I wouldn't want to, I definitely like it down here better. I mean, there's like a lot of horny farm rules there. I'm sure in Tampa, you know, tree or trash. Well, you know you're kind of in a redneck place when you drive up like main streets and all you see is, you know, truck beds for sale, right? Like every other light. So the thing, I think the thing that you need to see in Tampa is it's like in South Florida. You look around what you're on the interstate for example. In 1995, and you look around and you see that the people to your left and the people to your right are all like geeks, like, not like normal people. They're like all, it looks like the spaceship just landed. And in Tampa, they all have like the orange hair and they had like one eye kind of like any Albert. They got their one eye down where their chin is supposed to be. They're like out of this world. Oh yeah, you go to that, you know, you go to that big ass brand in mall and you'll see some mutants. And I'm going to tell you something. We did when we started simultaneously when it was Randy Rhodes and me and Rick and Suds in the little George and they were simultaneously or shows we didn't have an appearance or two and the first appearance we did at one of the malls that I can't for life. Remember what mall it was. And it was like 5,000 people showed up. I mean, Brandon, you know, 5,000 people showed up. Not that we ever had a big ratings over there, but man, they sure were interested. I think they wanted lunches. If you remember that mall, it's, I think it's like the third biggest mall in the world. It's he really. Yeah, I don't know if it was a giant Brandon. Yeah, right there. The only thing I remember about Brandon is when you drive through, when you go to Tampa and you go that way, through Brandon from coming from the east, right, is that every fast food joint that's ever been invented, you something you never heard of. And that one, what is that? 60, how I see 60 exactly. And all it is is fast food. There's a big one. There's a big one. And a big mall. That's it. That's Brandon. Oh, what's not to like right now as opposed to Lutz, for example, or Temple Terrace where the real Yahoo is. I might have to play that chronic from Lutz again. Now Miguel come up while he's busy thinking and laying out. Well, then he has to think there left out this poll. We got 100 votes. It means we need just 284 to get to our 1000 for today. I'm keeping track here like it's some kind of a contest. Are we venting out traumatic times in South Florida anything major event? I don't know. That a Cuban stuff on this poll though. Well, you know, if you wouldn't say that South Florida's been about getting defensive again and that's clear. Did I invent alienito that I invent the Mario Bolif, that I invent the post-castural coming in the first wave of a Cuban immigration? No. Those things changed the face in the ass of South Florida, baby. Wasn't the first wave the uh, Mario Bolif? No. The first wave was in 1960 after they threw out the Batista after cash. I see you. You talk of the game, but you even know your Cuban history. You know nothing. That's what you're talking about. That's all you know is cash to a Cuban Cuban. You're like, of course, those old green two fast dudes in Dumbledore Park. God, you wouldn't know fat's Dumbledore from Dumbledore Park. I do like fat's Dumbledore. Let's get him that again. And thank God he still walked into New Orleans. He's still okay. He was superior there for a couple of days. Where did you have the where did they find him again? He was hanging out at some of football. Let's do an LSU player. I think the punner or the play skickers hanging out at his house. He was hanging out. Pumming the seven votes. The most traumatic time in South Florida was the 2009 in Chad election 25. The Mary Al Bolif 25. That's your turn down on my date county in the Batoya with Hurricane Andrew 22. The first wave of Cuban immigration 13. We're doing without him in Roth. Hurricane Wilma 12. And the alien seconds seven and the Mary and Mcthephi writes. Now, if you even saw Godfather two Miguel and he certainly must know about the over throw. I was supposed to be fiction. The overthrow of Batista, the Batista, the Batista. They were already on. They were pretty dead on there. Well, there you go. Just like we did on a Godfather three about how they killed the old Pope. And the Vatican, thank you. Robert Calvigimur. All those things are over the street. A. And now another tale from the cell phone of the training. Today, Dick Diles Celebrity Biographer, Kitty Kelly. And that's a little gift. Thank you. Yes, he is. He is. Yes. Kitty Kelly please. Yes. Thank you. This is Dick Dating by Spurther. Nautices are America. How are you? Fine. That's good. That's nice. Is something that can help you with? Yes. Yes. We can't wait to hear our frankly. We question its credibility and I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out. I'm sorry, I'm afraid she asked. Did you just ask him not to use a crank block? I'd go after the election. Yes. As your choice was just reelected, pre-dolly wants. We won't care then. Why don't I want to do that? I'll let them. Why the grubbing of what? Why are you? Oh my! It's definitely the time to ask when. Oh? You're messing with a president of the United States of America. Okay, I think maybe not down. We know where you're letting you go. Okay. That's right. We'll get your little dog total, too. Goodbye. What's wrong with you? Hello? Hello? This has been another tale from the cell phone. Oh, D.C. There he is. There's the biggest work of law, baby. He'd be the best old dick-tiny. 14. Go to a two-minute service and go by fast. Anyway, I started to read the story. You got me signed track with all your stories about Tampa and St. Kinshake and Crystal and Donna Tellos. I bet you never read it, Donna Tellos and Dale, maybe even though you lived there to your studio. No, I didn't. You missed out. That's an outstanding awesome place. Maybe a little too off-scale for you back then. Yeah, back then. Like I said right now. A Tampa man was found guilty yesterday in federal court of nine counts of drugging up into rape and torture them. Kind of sounds a little bit like Abugar rape. Two of the victims of Stephen Lorenzo ended up dead. He's like to face murder charges and stay court later on. The jury deliberated about three hours over two days before finding Lorenzo 46 guilty of slipping the date rape drug G.H.B. In the duration of all nine victims and then sexually torturing them at his home. How many victims is that rubber? Yeah, yeah. What? I thought the date rape drug with roofies. I thought the date rape drugging led him stick with his. Michael Wach walk walk holes and Jason Gailhouse both 26 were killed. The other seven victims all testified about meeting Lorenzo at bars. He'd be losing track of their drinks or having the Lorenzo served them Dress before they lost consciousness. The men woke up naked and in pain. Some remembering bonded your fourth sex. And others having almost no memory won't happen at all. Lorenzo's attorney argued that the sex acts were consensual. Prosecutor said Lorenzo teamed up with Scott Schweigerd, a Chicago man he met online. To fulfill their ultimate fantasy by killing walk holes in Gailhouse. Gailhouse was killed and dismembered by Schweigerd Lorenzo, December 19, 2003, after the three engaged in sex in indictment said. Oh, it's probably just, you know, consensual. Oh, sure. Schweigerd told Ted of Allegiance, he and Lorenzo cut up the body, put the pieces in garbage bags and scattered them in trash bins throughout the city. I knew there was some stench in tap. I will not know what it's from. The next night, Lorenzo and Schweigerd allegedly drug raped in killed walk holes, wrapping him in a bed sheet, living him in his Jeep according to the indictment. The vehicle was discovered January 6, 2004. Investigators found Lorenzo's computer hundreds of thousands of images, including photos of walk holes as dead body taken at Lorenzo's house. Our San Francisco was lying scene. Gailhouse's DNA was found in large pool of blood, and the dirt beneath the cobblestone floor of Lorenzo's gay rise. Prosecutor Anthony Porchelli said he'll seek the maximum sentence of two hundred years in prison for Lorenzo on the federal conviction. So be sent in January 27, track it off a safe federal father's life. And of course on the inside, just like Jeffrey Domer, say they have a habit on when he could on the inside. What was his name? Father, the one that got murdered in jail, the child molester from the Catholic church. Father, Shannon, whatever's name was. That guy, gay, was a gaygan, father, gaygan. See, I remember that part of our line, we were going to have a gaygan. No, seriously, don't you do word association at times even the young people do that? Sure. We're dissociating just like that movie. What was it again? Team America, we're a police. I can't believe that. Well, I think. 147 votes, the most dramatic time in South Florida was you film, like I don't really care about your votes on it, which one it is. Although the 2010 and 2011 or why that's although Wilma, you know, is more recent, but well, for whatever reason they're voting for that. Because what was Ali on? What you was at? That may be. You got the Google list? I'll Google it. I'll Google it. Let me Google it. I like Google it. The alien case. Okay. The online news hour. Alien Gonzalez 2000. The alien Gonzalez returns to Cuba after the Supreme Court turns out last minute appeal to keep him in the US. June 28, 2000. So 2000, you talk about a traumatic year. That's the year of the hanging child election just months later after we tried to recover from the reimbursement and humiliation of a bunch of screaming, loaded takes interfering in a child custody case, which was nobody's business, including a lot of grandstanders like Andy Garcia and your favorite, what's her name, the great songstress, the great Cuban songstress with her surname, that video, and Glowley and Stefan. And how's that voter coming out there, Glowley? That's right. It was the other guys fall. And speaking of that last story from Tampa, just to show that it's a sonny Tampa, a crystal-ake mental school geography teacher faces new charges after a third student came forward accusing him of sexual assault. Here's what he takes this from the BS. Oh, our saying says the son sent him about the latest and previous assault involving Adrian Valdez, 29 of dear fear of beach. I wonder if he's kind of wine Valdez, if he just invited these guys over for coffee. Valdez was charged their day with additional counsel, sexual battery, exposure of sexual organs and loot in the CBS molestation for an asshole on August 28, 2005, when Valdez drove one of his 14 year old students to his house and committed a sexual offense. One of his male 14 year old students, I just have to clarify this, you know what show where we're going with this? Okay, well you do care about that. VSO6 crime detected first-directed Valdez October 21st when a son upon a 12 year old boy, Felicity from that arrest prompted a 14 year old boy to say that he too is victimized by Valdez. Now another 14 year old's come forward. This is starting to sound like the Catholic church scandal and father gay gun. It's a pile on. The other's what they were doing. Each one of three separate assaults on different voices been strikingly similar. In the middle of each case, Valdez offered his students' rides home, Candied Little Boy and took them to his house, showed them photographic video tapes, led them into his bedroom and committed identical sex acts in the same location with the room. Although here doesn't say what they were in the course in crying minds want to know. In addition, authorities at Orangeburg South Carolina re-opened investigations into allegations that Valdez victimized a 60 year old boy they've been mentoring in 2002. That word mentoring, really, I get nervous when I hear that word. Mentoring? You know what I mean? I hear that. Valdez is still being held with our bond in the BSOMA in jail. Any other children may have been victimized by Valdez or its contact BSOD, Texas is a slum sentence. 560, 050, 50, maybe these people have some other traumatic South Florida episodes that even more important than the ones we got by seriously dotted. WQAM Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. One thing we turned on my radio here. In regards to the Michael Mayo thing about taking a dollar off your FPL bill, he's doing a great job of wanting the pockets of FPL because they're going to charge you 4.5% on that dollar so they're going to get back to $5. Yeah, well the tensions are good but the whole concept is just stupid. You know, he's just starting into a win storm. Right. It's 4.0. And it's closing. FPL now. Stay safe. Me. Yeah. That was great. That was a beautiful job, sir. This year did and a lot of other people too. I'll tell you one thing. We don't mess around the edges of it on the show. We're not like pussy floating around. I'll cover it on TIDFPL blows. They should only rot in hell. Not they have poor guys out there that are working and including a lot of high-growing Ontario workers from here that went down and helped get your power back on through by the way. Good Canadian boys. But nevertheless, the corporate FPL, the executives of the one guy up there with his big generator, you should only rot in hell. There's a special place in hell for FPL. What does this say? Peter, people eating tasty animals. That's cute. It says there's 20 room for God's animals right next to the mashed potatoes. That's good. Although, guess what's coming up in a couple of weeks? What's that? Come on. What holiday? Oh, thanksgiving. There. Where did he head out Thanksgiving early October here? Where did he head out here? Well, that's because it's always good to eat the birds early before they get that avion flu man. When it hurts, I just see they had two flamingos. Some are over there in the Middle East. They had one of them had the killer virus, the bird flu. So when you sit down to eat your Thanksgiving dinner this year, even all your Orthodox Jews out there might want to look at the other way for one day. Maybe a nice hand would be good. Right? What's the other alternatives that people eat? Isn't it just basically their turkey or ham on Thanksgiving? Yeah, pretty much. So nice hand, maybe with some pineapple glaze on it, it would be good. Honey, honey baked ham. Honey, oh, that's good. Get the honey baked, Jr. It's a post of that turkey. Because that only knows. See, I think really why if they want to solve the problem, you can kill all the birds. And then we might be safe. When I pay a good idea, give it to this bird flu, just kill all the birds. Don't pick and choose. Our Jain said that fast again, and I can read it perfectly, but it's like I said, Jain, thank you. Yeah, long and ponders. Now what does this say? I told him this, but it will not happen, but the message is important. What is this about? ARO. ARO? ARO? Yeah. Why do you would be for me to come to studio for five to ten minutes interview? No. Not gonna happen, Troy. No, not gonna happen. Okay. We're gonna do it. Our airtime is very valuable and we'll do whatever we want for our good friends. Our radio land, but that is nothing to happen, Troy. Even a trail one and a semi-a-hole doesn't bottles of that fantastic dial. Body wash day was recommending. The lavender, the pink kind, whatever it was. Sorry for what they ain't gonna happen, which you already know. It's not that one not gonna happen. The most traumatic time in South Florida, the Tangling Shadow lesson 42. We got 158 votes. What does that? Let's do the math. Okay. 16. And what 58? This sounds awful. I think we should buy it. In case you haven't noticed. 774. That means we need to mirror 262 o'clock to get to our 1000 for the day. And our combined folds about body wash and softload of trauma. In fact, I would think a lot of guys out there might have never been another choice on the fold today. They'd wrap the soap would be traumatic. That's what term a gal around so to say. This is New Rogers. The electives. 16. 16. 8. That's what we'll have today. And this portion of the New Rogers are your 12 total. And our is brought to you by the 1112. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 22. 14. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 11. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 15. We'll graduate and realize we'll be stars, great, please, glad it Be great here, I sure hated this year Don't need fours or selections And no more blue infections, C.E. will be Cleaner and star don't feel lean Here, let's all look up The bright side is all too down Two down, in 2005 I've known at QA and we got Mollmysherit to two Mad Doggots For from Hooters in Pemberpines Pants is P.E. with seven Gelties speaking in SPAN Would he have Panther Carolina Hurricanes game from the Mcereon 730 in the Ancient and Camping Show It after the hockey game Should be a damn good game You want to see a meteor-siding team A surprise-shocking team Carolina nothing to be fighter than to beat the crap out of Carolina But I wouldn't double my breath The canes are hot as hell We're not talking about U.M. either Quit picking on U.M. Will you buy the way Miguel and to the Donner Shalili's pissed off Adamy Or in speaking of the people being pissed off I'd finally figure out while Adam is leaving Right and that was because the Josh Cortes is responsible for Adam's Iran leaving QAM did you realize that? I, you know, that went through my head Yeah It was your outing him on at the situation with the Emerald Coast about that desert situation you know, and you go in there and it was a week-end thing And it was, I think that's what put him over to you Even though we did come in and suck around heavy duty because Adam and I all we've got along great and George But I think you pushed him off the dough Sorry Adam, just tell him the truth The best Oh man, you are unrepentant as they say whatever that means You're just the unapologetic and the just lay it right off there Just like saying Mark, Mike Burdeno is a jackass I don't even know the guy But I, he is, you keep looking It won't thing to be honest And there are plenty of problems with the Marlins and all the other sports franchises and softflour I'm the biggest problem is that most people don't give a crap But anything's a football But other than that But uh You know, and I'm, I'm a hard ass when it comes to all of those guys But John Henry was a, was a, was a piece of crap compared to these guys Very true These guys at least had made an effort to go out and put a win around the field And they've won And they have one, they want a World Champion Championship even after John Henry How do you like that? I think Barredino wants us to be the Yankees or something Well then let him go to New York So that made me bookshobby You'll put him in a suitcase with him in Dan LaBaste You can take the Gunsechampouse up to New York But he goes to the Metscames I just did an East Negative Peevin Farbee if for me like comment about the Troissad Loser's Hangs God I don't even know, in a morning with him like I were a winbag Oh God I rather have I were a winbag on non-stop even during baseball season in Mike Burdeno Too negative to become an immarlance Though what are the team hates you like Poison? Didn't the happer say that? hate him. They actually said that even about one of his good-coast buddies. See, that's the problem. He can't separate personal from business like Dave Joseph. All I like Dave. He says, I don't care if he liked Dave. Okay, that's fine. Maybe the guys are doing something. I don't know, but whatever. Have a good time. But as far as business, my God, sour, negative. I don't think he's ever written a positive word about anything in his life. Dave Joseph. W. K. W. I am negative line. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Hi. Oh, maybe I'll give consideration to put a gym to feed you behind your feeded curtain wearing nothing more than a pack. That's a photographic, baby. That we all go to jail for. He is just even all this clothes on. That's photographic. How can that guy be on channel full? Didn't we actually, is that a regular segment now? Is that was actually one time deal? Do we know? We don't know. How can that creature be on there? Here's the fact that says if you want to put a glitch in that field's building system, oh yeah, here we go, right? Okay, let me see. Always people are playing games. You know, you won't hit you play your games when they shut your power off and you're a man like that. And then don't come cry. Okay, FPL don't want no game players out there. They're only one thing they want and that's your money and plenty of it. Lots of it. 20.6% increase. Just raping the public after doing a horrendous, horrendous, T poor job after Wilma. Pathetic. Scientists don't have a protein's weight loss to equal to. I want to know those people who believes in the Atkins, even though I can't stay out because I know it works since but all the fact he fell down on the sidewalk, he died and he got all bloated up and he was so fat when he died. He was fat because he had a thing. And when you have a thing, sometimes it makes you fat. Like a salami sandwich. But seriously, the Atkins works like a miracle for your blood cholesterol and your triglycerides, all of your things. And your weight. He knows that it's much better for you. Because refined carbohydrates are working on everybody. I didn't have a pint of hockey dust but I'm an yesterday and I liked it. Not apologizing for it. I liked it. I enjoyed it tremendously. I apologize. I know I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I want to apologize to Adam for getting him to leave. I'm out of apologizing for enjoying my hockey dust. You know, when you get to be an old fart like me, how long you got less anyway, right? Well, that is what I enjoy it. As long as you can keep your sugar under control, take an extra pill here or there or whatever. Maybe your shot in silence, stick a little of your back bone everywhere, whatever you happen to be doing. Well, not recommending. Tom thought there, go not to eat some bread, some pasta. No, I don't but I don't like bread. I mean, I like it. Okay, but it's not something I'm not joking. You know, I like it. I love bread. If I never hit bread again in my life, will you listen to me? If I never had bread again, I could live without it. Wow. The only thing is if I go to a nice Italian restaurant, they bring nice warm bread, you know, with like some garlic butter. Yeah. Man. And the fact that they put it there, I eat it. It's a wooden putter there. I would ask for it. And what was the other thing is pasta? I do a pasta. Man, do I love my pasta? I'm going to Italy right now. I'm going to see it. I'm going to have the Rome. Anybody that tells you that anybody can make food in Italian food like they do in Rome, they're at the liar, liar, full of crap. I'm even care if they're from Italy. The food in the Rome is so good. It's just, it's still binding. That's how good it is. WDQA and hello. For Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, everybody. I know that they're far back because then now three or four days. No. So why did I give an FPL to charge on? FPL. Well, you were craft piano. No, no, no, they weren't for me. Yeah, okay. I'm happy for you. Okay. It lost loser. Everybody he knows not the power back within three or four days. He must not know anything people I know. Well, he just said he, you know, FPL people work for him. So the people he knows are the FPL employees who got their power back before they helped anybody. Loser. We hate you. We want you to die. Why would you give them such a hard time? Because it's the honest joke. He has been telling you the truth. Because you guys suck. That's why. In fact, I got a story here that was it's way down in my pile. But you know what here it is right here. Lake Worth 18 days. The number is imprinted on a Katrina valve business brain. 18 days of cold showers on a stuffy days without air conditioning of a noisy obnoxious generator, shattering the night Tom Tom. Welcome to Barton Court of working class on clay about a quite cold assack in Lake Worth among the last neighborhoods in Palm Beach County without power back in the morning after Hurricane Wilma. 18 days later and there's still powerless. The four new taxes on Northside of the street had electricity restored October 29. The four on the south side remained powerless. Eurely shattered a night by a street lamp burning bright over broken tree limbs in an abandoned washer. So the residents say they don't want they don't resent their neighbors all the wild gazing lunging with their porch lights. I don't know anybody with our power set these few houses right here about that. I said you drive around and this crap a lot within three days. They had the power back on. How many days were we even about the hundreds of thousands of people without power and day-browered in Palm Beach? How many days were there? About thirty minutes. And here weeks two weeks were talking baby. In fact, now we're closing on three weeks from Wilma which was two and a half weeks ago. The four new taxes on Northside of the street net. In the rush to restore electricity in Palm Beach County, handful homies and businesses have been skipped either because the building sustained more damage than their neighbors or in the case of Barton Court bad luck. Lake Worth official said yesterday is fewer than a hundred of the 26,000 homies serviced by Lake Worth utilities have yet to be gained power. That even in FPNLL. Another hundred residences out of the 660-p.000 survey FPNL McCowdy remain dark. FPNL, Florida Plunderer loot. In competent liars, pools were cracking, breaking, and all those warnings a sense and another good story on it that we read. We don't know not about no pool. Wasn't the pool? Okay. What do we say? We probably the Russians. Not the pools. The power outages in Lake Worth are not concentrated. The city official said that most of the single family building six is Valdez's poor carina Valdez. Maybe the last guy who got FPNL works for him said them over there to Lake Worth. They'll get their damn power back on loser, liar, phony, voloni, good call though. Come in QA and hello. QA and hello. QA and. Yes. Yes sir. You were for FPNL? No, I did not. Good. Thank God. Go ahead. Because if you say yes, I'd hang up on you. Go ahead. Go ahead sir. Speaking. Oh, I'm sorry. No, I didn't know it was you. Don't be sorry. Two zero of us swimming though. You know it was me though. Races. I started pitching out you know it was me. Let's listen. You plan all this. Can you play Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy? Absolutely. Sir, you got it. And I encos in a rickety and Ronnie and Rikki and Rikki. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. All right. They're going to get their wall up. Wall up on Sunday man. The paper did kicked their ass. And if they don't, I'm going to add that. Then I'll be upset. I expected the paper to get walled by Indianapolis. They did. That was no surprise to me. How many points you guys going to give up this week though? About 30. About 30. I'll go score about 70. I'll tell you what. If the dolphins throw up 30 on you, you might as well catch it in. Just. The dolphins aren't going to score 30 points. It often's good and score 30 points in two weeks. Even semi-real teams no matter how banged up in the injured they are. I'm just letting you know. Tommy Brady's going to pick that secondary apart like like a heart surgery. Speaking of health, I started reading this now. We got to that FPL guy. He was very good. Very good. Everybody. I know I had to power back in 3A. They worked for me. Yeah, right. You know what that is? You know what that means? That's a stock hole. He's got a lot of FPL stock. I hope your stock goes down to like, it has a minus in front of the number. Minus infinity. Hope your stock is worth a paper that Miguel is putting on the toilet seat in the T-room. In fact, even the paper is more valuable. He says, it keeps the germs off his ass. A study of protein once you rat. Speaking of that shows that a low carb bags, sparks a chain of biological events that ultimately curbs hunger. I'm going to have me a brought worth for lunch. This inspired me. And no ice cream today. No carbs. The French researchers explained that this way, protein is stable as such weight loss regiments. A peer to increase glucose production in a small intestine. The rise of which is muttered by the liver and then merges through the brain. And turn the brain since out an awful message, cutting back of the dranty more. I like that quote to me for the show today. Whoever had a big cheeseburger and said, oh, God, I had to have another big cheeseburger. Josh. But the only reason that would happen is because you're eating the bun. See if he ate the cheeseburger with the bun. Then the carbs in the butter, what's going to make here? We're off eating the fries. Fries will like to set you loose. The current findings provided an answer to the question of how protein enrich meals decrease hunger. And we use eating. On resolve until right now is the study authors said, the Institute National Day of Assanta something in Leon France, all of these names. The novel understanding of the effective diet protein will open new gates in the liberation of future medical treatments of obesity. The researchers said one group of rats, a 50% protein diet in which would soy a protein and casting. Another group ate a starch emerge that had to contain just 17% protein. Reporting in the November issue of cell metabolism, oh, that's my favorite magazine. The French team found that by the end of just one week rats rats on a protein rich regimen are consumed and they're consumed by a protein rich regimen. The protein diet rats also gain significantly less weight over the course of the week than the starch that rats has studied found. And it wasn't that the rats on the protein rich diet didn't like what they were eating since the researchers had made sure to include foods that the rodents loved. A more complex explanation for the protein link right now is revealed through blood tests. They showed the two genes specifically involved in the intestinal glucose production or much more active in a protein diet group compared with the starch diet group. But what a starch, okay? With a corn and a beans, man, toss the beans believe me what I tell you. Toss those damn beans especially those mushy refried beans when it doubt tossed them out along with that bar of soap. I see a good comparison, man. That's why you see all them fetched pudgy mexicans because even though they are sluffers most of them and you think for these people ought to be anorexical like a like a carcassander. Just go contraire man, they're pudgy and chubby and reasonably because they all am sloppy refried beans. Don't they? You walk them holy. And guacamole also, luch, just mouch, too much mouch, man. I don't know what you're doing on a poll. How are we doing here? 210. I'm not even ready to resolve it. What it is says I just want numbers. We just want numbers, okay? Joel, five or once numbers but he don't have minutes to probably over there. We tell you about that whole thing in Emerald Hills, too. 826. What do you realize this? We're going to have the 1000 without even like pushing it in all psychotic. Spatins. But that's two different polls. That does that mean we're back as far as the poll. I didn't know we were gone. What we saw as the poll is consuming as far as the audience is concerned. I'm thinking a lot of people are still like trying to put their lives together. Because I talked to people who are still, you know, got the, the adjuster is coming and the roof is coming and the screening guys coming and the fence people. All these things in the tree trimming guy. All of these things. When you think, I would think, not that people aren't listening like in their car radio, so their transistor sister, wherever they're hanging it out. But in the meantime, they're like trying to put their lives back together again. So we give you people a free pass until Thanksgiving anyway. Then there will be no more excuses. And thanksgiving and let's of course you die from eating one of those A.B. on bird turkey. What? I don't know what you're laughing about. The poll free situation in Europe now they're like banning poultry from certain places and people are starting to get really nervous about them. Chickens. They're killing them. And they ought to be nervous about the chickens right in the US anyway. All those poor chickens that are, they can't even scratch it. You know, they're like all, what do they call those? Get you some kosher chicken, okay? Those are really good for it. That kosher chicken. The one where they wrap I sucks the blood right away. The damn animal before they wrap it up and make it kosher for crazy. And how they kosher it? 1214 and 560 W to Q a. And when you're shopping for shoes comfort, fit and value, those are the three main ingredients It's just about everybody wants and that's why. Smart people take their feet to brandy shoes. For the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes. And we're talking to top major brands like rock port echo, foreshon, Mufisto, new balance, S.A.S. All the top things in the two business that people love that make quality. And brandy's professional super does. I'll make sure you have a customized fit of that favorite comfort for the first time. Just ask for Arne. He'll take care of you. And chances are that you'll never hear. Oh, sorry. We don't have to style on your size because they've got such a humongous selection there that they're just about guaranteed. You can bet fat boys life on it. Whatever style suits your fancy, your size is on the shelf right now when it's flat on your fat. To seize. The pros and prettiest understand fit and comfort they specialize in why it wits as well and brandy's as well worth the trip from just about anywhere in town. Don't forget now for comfort, style, fit value and selection. It's always brandy shoes and you'll find them at 1290 North Edible Highway in Pomp and a week. Open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 and Sunday's 9 to 5. And all this week at brandys. It's the after-will-must-sale men's pro walkers only 4490 men's great topside is AOS 4490 and men's world tour just 6990. So be sure and get your fat ass into brandys this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandysshoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Do you know any 입 by Fox? And Danny, Do me and Dani. Thank you very much. There's anybody here – I love you. Do you remember M coming here – recommite! Guemi and Dani, where Lady of David followed me, haaaaaaaaaa forget that Valentine Jimmy for any 입. Amy and Dani are here in Pambao, thank you so much. Amanda, my name is Aunt Amy Mohlan. Anhe? email, Bell.martin. Gdv by I call her had a good idea by the way, Ricky and Ronnie Ronnie and Ricky, and be a good one. I wanted to go to the studio. The most traumatic time in South Florida was the 2000 hanging in Chad election, 63. And one of my all those empty seats like I said a handkerchief of the dolphin game, huh? One of the marlins I guarantee the marlins percentage wise they'd better the dolphins the last couple of weeks. Over we had a hurricane, you know? Always gonna assume, in fact, in the dolphins play the Kansas City Game out of Friday night and we get to Raskig and they were thousands of them. And a hurricane didn't hit till Monday. So they had to prepare. They were preparing not to be there right. Oh, uh, 2009, Chad, 63 votes, Hurricane Andrew 55. Mary on Bolif 42, how fast they forget. First we have a Cuban regression 29, Hurricane Wilma 25. Ali on saga 14, Solomon they, uh, controversy. And McGuffie writes 13, a 240. So what does that give us no 240? We've got a bad headache. Along with a body wash pole, which I'm really distraught over that. Eight fifty six, how do you like those apples? So we still got an hour and forty minutes to go, but who's counting? We're gonna go way over a thousand votes today on these pools. And people will be, you'll find we're gonna be throwing furniture all over the place there at the other place across the street. Won't he? Yeah, well. So who do we talk to over there? Stu got, he wouldn't be the leaker. He's a, he's a big shot over there. Probably Zach. Right. Zach is one of the moles. Well, we know how to get Zach in trouble again. Although maybe he come back and produce. Oh, don't don't don't don't don't. Robert said enough of the mole. My student even men his ways would Zach. What do you think? See, if Zach was still around, probably more wouldn't have been able to steal all that piece of that thing, because Zach would have scuffed it up. Not that most of all any pieces of it didn't belong to him. Anything like that. Oh, since it is veterans, they there's your president government under the new constitution. Yeah, there are new constitution. You're not talking about Iraq. He's talking about they knew American constitution. It eliminates the Bill of Rights and the, the P.T. The Act is all we need to know he said. So it's been going to be in veterans day. More than a year ago, Congress passed a law. Giving extra college money to as many as 175,000 veterans they were racked. Afghanistan, other actions in the war on terrorism, specifically targeting active, activated members of the reserves in National Guard. The benefit is worth as much as 827 bucks a month. But as a second veterans day goes by and out of single check has been mailed, and most reserves haven't even applied for it. Because the program remains in bureaucratic limbo. They're doing the limbo rock. The Department of Defense is still creating a database of eligible veterans that the Department of Veterans affairs needs to process before better benefit applications. Those who are eligible have mental they qualify. Lots of processing begins. Student veterans who've been called a lack of duty since the 911 terrorist attacks will be in town through lump sumbered interactive payments. Some worth thousand of dollars. You should live so long. Officials of both departments hope that at least some text would be made before the end of this year. But acknowledged that they've missed previous target dates. They're a little flimo. Kind of like Florida, Plunder and Load, little flow. Students such as Gabriel Medina 23, a history and political science major at the University of California, Riverside, will spend another veteran state waiting as he struggles to pay for tuition, housing, other expenses. Trust me, this had make a big difference. He said a Marine Corps reserve was spent nearly two years in activity beginning January 2002 including a tour in Iraq. He's a full-time student who works two jobs. Receives grants and taken out student loan. He's off-source baby. He still works. Go hold your breath sweetheart. Where's that suicide story? And I've viewed, did you see this? I'm not a wanna make fun of people I committed suicide, but. But go on. Easy too. Click on the CNN website. And the headline, I think we did not put this on our website today. Online news group helped daughter commits suicide parents say. We put that on there or not. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Well, so I think that it was good our website and click that. And I go back to the original link. If the picture shows up on the story, which I got it here, of Sudan Gonzalez, after, does it say in the story where she's from or because the city was in college in Florida, but I don't find anywhere in the story, anything. I don't see anywhere here. But if you see the, she was just making a goofy face obviously. But if you see this self portrait photo, or if there of Sudan, what's the headline? Parents online news group helped daughter commit suicide. She's a little, got a strange lot. Let's put this way. The diplomatic stress, strange look on her face. Anyway, the story goes like this. Suzanne Gonzalez seemed to have everything going for her. A bubbly 19 year old, we're loving parents and good friends. She was also a strong student in the science scholarship for college. But everything changed once, green day two years ago, when Suzanne's parents, Mike and Mary Gonzalez, we see the following email. Dear mom, dad and Jennifer, I'll make this short as I know it'll be hard to deal with. If you haven't heard by now, I've passed away the email read. Alone in a Florida hotel room, well, that alone should make you want to blow your brains out. Just miles from her college apartment, Suzanne methodically prepared in swallowing a lethal cocktail of potassium cyanide laid down on the bed and died it. And doing so, she joined the roughly 4,000 people between the ages of 15 and 24, commit suicide each year, according to the Centers for Disease Control Prevention. Did you see the picture yet? Of course. I don't think that maybe it was like today's story? Yeah. I could just go to CNN. Go to CNN. Go wherever you want. Anyway, can I get back to the story? You, I want you to look at it. Again, she's making a face. She's posing obviously for a silly picture, but anyway, maybe that was the problem. It says Suzanne's case is as an unusual twist. She frequented an internet news group called Ash, short for all of that suicide dot holiday. Members of this news group created advice and how to commit suicide, using code words like transitioning and exiting and catching the bus. Well, I don't let ourselves apart from find that website. Suzanne found this group nine weeks before she died, post in nearly 100 messages detailing her plans. My chosen method is potassium cyanide. I stop eating some of my tummy will be nice and acidic one of Suzanne's post to read. It'll be nice and cussitic. Suzanne's father claims the news group gave her everything she needed to kill herself. The knowledge, the tools, their psychological encouragement. She was led to her death, my consol as said. Are sure that's not the my consol as from the race track. I'm sure it's not. News groups like Ash work something like an online bulletin board. Anyone with a computer in some basic internet knowledge can gain free access to thousands of messages about suicide, and they can post their own messages. Did you find it yet? Yeah, it looks a little clockwork orange to me. Exactly. I'm making fun of a young girl committed suicide. Yeah. Oh. News groups, I just got through seeing. Our conversation on the site called the methods file contains a list of recipes, recommendations and tips on the best of worst ways to commit suicide. I'm a comedy strange, but I think if I want to commit suicide, they're entitled to. I know coming Dr. Jack or whatever, but that's just the way it is. The fact is the government, oh, it's against the law. You can't, well, screw you, you know. Just leave me a lot of blood. Blow my brains out. Okay. Suzanne's dead, ladies, one of those messages, taught her how to illegally obtain a use sign-eyed wonder life. And he was horrified, learned that an older Ash member who goes by the earliest river, and he helped her. A wonder if that was river finis. Suzanne had me proofread or noticed that we went all over the details of her exit just to be safe reads one Ash message from River. What an Ash, lost. But River disputes his role in Suzanne's death. No one in Ash encourages anyone to commit suicide. Ash is pro-choice he wrote an email to CNN. G.O. is another Ash member. He was the same age as Suzanne when he joined the group last year. Thanks to a side group's like Ash, actually he people from committing suicide. In fact, G.O. credits Ash with saving his life. If a warrant for this, I think that the chances of me having committed suicide would have been greater. He said, having a place where I can write those thoughts, that's a good amount of your system can be very therapeutic. But Suzanne's death thinks otherwise, that's not pro-choice my consults. That's brainwashing and they're not being held responsible. And let's try the rest. Let's kill him. Let's help them have a commit suicide. Just like I was executive from FPNL. This is real. You know what? I'm telling you. This is 560G. Again, Bob, doosh when you're done. In that power company, you put the utility in utility, Florida, paradise in life. There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you. When a storm threatens, we can power out on you to turn our power off on before it gets in. We can be in the rest of our two marvolats of Bloom's law that exploding transformers, providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology. And if the moist heat of tropical darkness, who weakening calories in our radios drug tests your latest risk release for South Florida? It says your trucks and crews are ready to load from the Alabama State border and request in in everyone's minds. It's all loose? So as we search for the appropriate answer to how many FBI emergency crews that would take to change a life old, learn a paradise in life, this thirds for you. In that power company, Bumpho. I'm 32 a QAM, 20.6% increase and that's all in the beginning. They said this will have to be a warm-up and Katrina and Shirley and Sally and everybody else. Bad news for all you sports nerds out there, including you guys. Steve, what's his name? Steve Corsons, did you see this? Yes. I'm not going to talk about it before we should like interrupt me right off the bat. Sorry. Josh, you this? No. Josh would know Steve Corsons from Steve How? From Matt Nanta. From Matt and very good. Matt, Matt, Matt, I don't care what you say. You checked the records on a Matt, Matt, Matt, I was very popular for a little while. And he was open with it. But in Marlins and they were going to have a Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt night and they traded him like either on the day of the whatever. On the day of his daughter's wedding. And we waited to give away that stuff a couple of years after he left. Is that true? That's true. Well, see? Can we still give away Shirley Huff, Bob, because we got some money. Hey, don't be knocking all the knuckleball or Charlie Huff. I was there on that opening day when Charlie Huff pitch. And like that came away was about seven hours because he was so old and slow. He was, he had his moments or two. Yeah, that was back when the team was kind of like, wanted to be the old, Matt, kind of a joke. Like, ah, they funny, they really suck. And then all of a sudden, when you realized that even if they put 80 Julios on the team, nobody was going to come out unless they won some games. See, that was the thing in the beginning. That's why they had more testes to strata. Who were some of those losers they had to begin on the team. Some of those Julios, they wanted to load the team up with. How is Brandon? Alan. He wasn't a loser, but it was just that he was highly touted. Oh, and Alice Fernandez got traded in the Marlin's thousands. Extra people per game are going to show up or say did not. Even one of the he pitched and the number two he had a bum arm in the first place. It's like the idea. First of fact, he weighed 600 pounds in help Alice. A bit. What? I was going to say it's like the idea that if they build a stadium down near the orange ball, all the Spanish people would go. Oh, yeah. Yeah, with that. Right. Not going to happen. Well, not happen. Because even they're not selling off some of the orange bull. No. One thing to want to go to the toilet bull, we all have to do that. And even if we don't put our toilet paper on the seat. But going to the orange bull, that's another story. That places a dump. It is a toilet. In fact, when you go to the orange bull, you are going to the toilet bull. Man, talk about him. I bet you anything that the prep H people are involved in a whole scam to keep that place going. Talk about a hemorrhid inducing palace. That's it. Oh, yeah. I've been there. I know what I'm talking to. I'm not just talking to my ass. Okay. Steve Corson. He's dead. And what a way to die. Former offensive lineman for the Pittsburgh Steelers had developed a heart problem after becoming one of the first NFL players with not using steroids. Kill the S today. What a tree he was cutting. Philonum. Corson 50 was using. Not related to Shane Corsonus. It's not spelled the same who uh, Tai-Tail off the Amapolise squad two years ago. Luser. Corson 50 was using the chainsaw to cut down the dead. 44 foot tall tree with the circumference of five feet. When it fell on him. Statefully said the accident happened around one. Uh, Thursday yesterday. It is home to Henry Clay Township Fayette County in Pennsylvania. Roger Victor, an investigator for the Fayette County coroner said. Corson was apparently trying to get his dog out of the trees way. The wind was blowing the tree snap and it fell on him and his dog. The dog was in you taking it with a cut. But Corson did. Well, as long as the dog's okay. Pest to lowest that ordent who is with Corson's mother Elizabeth that or get his group Pennsylvania home said the family had no mean you come in. Corson made the Steelers in 70. It is a free age and guard from South Carolina. He started more than half the Steelers came to for was traded Tampa Bay in 84. Well, that's why you're a buckspan. Now we're fine. Finally putting the pieces of the puzzle together. Josh lived in Tampa for two years. Probably went to all the bucks games. They're on Dale Mayberry. I did and they're probably stating their fans are way better than dolphin fans. That's for damn sure. And why do you say that because they don't. They stunk for a long time. Oh, hey, listen. I've said that many times if the Miami dolphins would have had to start the Tampa Bay did. What's that was his name that started the franchise. The old coach from the West Coast. What was his name? We talked about for the for the bucks. The old man from the USC, where you see a living hole he was from. I mean, he's been there a long time. But anyway, they were like, oh, 115 and 1116. And the Tampa Bay kept supporting him just enough to keep to franchise going. And then they finally win the Super Bowl here. Right. But you're there's no question. I said that many of the time if the dolphins would have been as lazy as they were. Forget about it. There'd be no Miami dolphins. They'd be like an instrument and Michigan or somewhere. And by the way, LA's getting a football team back in a fell. I thought I just mentioned that since we got this very sad story. Another expansion team. He ended his career. Of course, he did a how to hold a line. After the 85 season having played on a similar Super Bowl championship team. He was in 70 and 79. Now, I think maybe the dolphins are moving to LA because with that Lazi attendance, all was no show is last two weeks, including the game before the hurricane hit. Of course, it was an early outspoken opponent of steroid, using the NFL though. He had used it himself and blamed them on a heart condition. He said, placed him on a transplant list for four years. He credited and died next to size with a reverse in the condition. So he was a guy made a tremendous comeback. And reversed all those physical problems and gets killed by a tree. I'll tell you, man, that God sure is sneaky. And you're at least expected. He sneaks up right behind you and thought I'm being like that. Hello, that's the hero. Yeah. He works in mysterious and devious ways. How like your fat ass governor with his devious plans? Luser. Anyway, of course, in one public about a steroid use 85 was cut by Tampa Bayden. The season also he criticized the NFL steroid testing for a revenge for any year after a retired. It's as much drug used to abuse to take steroids as her and her cocaine. He said 1990. When most people imagine drug abusers that thought they were sweet people living in the gutter. Realistically, these people can't afford drugs, but professional athletes in middle upper-class teenagers can. People are very bonds. Corson, he's just smearing it by the way. He's just smearing the cream. Corson testified about steroid used to be for carnivorous last spring. Earlier this year, Saints coach Jim Hazler claimed the steamers used to the drugs during the Super Bowl championship season in the 70s were a steroids into vogue around the NFL. Remember the vugs? Even though star play searches, Jank Lambert and Jack Ham were strongly opposed to drug use. To say that antibiotics didn't play a role in the stimulus success would be a false adc. But this is in the Steelers' problem and say, league wide problem. Nobody ever told me not to use her to take steroids as suggested I was killing myself. Corson was the native of Gettysburg and played from 73 to 77 in South Carolina, where he said he first used steroids in AD 18. In recent years, he made his many as 100 speeches eager to use in sports groups urging athletes not to use steroids. So, it's done. He's also a young man who got your whole life, and he is. As William Holden said about the George Washington Bridge, and that's the point of Judge Trollsleeve in the movie. Two hundred eighty nine votes. Now let me see, did Judge, did Miguel watch network? That's where you hit it two or even two of us. If you're under the age of 40, you won't like network. If you're a punk, nine hundred and five votes on the polls. Are you like that? Are you impressed or what? So, in other words, I don't like an air conditioner, but if we take like 10 different polls, we have like 5,000. Uh-oh. See, the reason I want you know the reason being that if you're like a year to one in the post in the neighborhood, thanks to A.O.L. and all these other services, it blocks out everybody else. They can see the poor result that they can't vote. How is that possible? Well, why do they do that to people? I mean, is that because they don't have enough bandwidth? Well, what is their problem? Mr. Computer Expert? I don't know. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to Josh. He's supposed to be the computer. You don't even know. Oh, sounded like you. He's just like a spick now man. Just two and a half hours. He's starting to sound like you. Uh-oh. Yeah. And in fact, if Hank has microadino line in space policies and coming up, he'll be just as negative and sour as he is. I'm not attached possibly, that's possible. You keep hanging around with Dave Joseph and Mike Birdino, Hank, and you're going to be having old sour press. 296, the most traumatic time in South Florida was. And we've been through several, especially recently, man. 2000, the hanging chat election, when that judge has got his eye to the sky. It looks like his eye is going to like top right out of his forehead. 78, say it with the hanging chat election. Perkin and 264. Mary Alvoltler 56. First wave of tubans coming in 34 after Hammond Roth got upset. Perkin, Wilma 32, McDeppy, right 16 and the Ariana seggest time for last place only 16. How do you like that? You see the overwhelming majority of us, because the people that were whipped up into a frenzy about that were calling us and threatening us and getting stuck out of danger. Listen, no more, and they were listening before. Right? No, no, that was. I do. All of a sudden those people jumped on the bad way and they were caught on our shows all day every day. They're at them, at them, at them. They're great. And probably Miguel was out there in the streets encouraging him. This is really running tiresome in the streets in Highland. This is 5.6. 6.6. That's my junior honey. Okay. Okay. I have no right. And it's all that you have to do. Okay, you're like, really all. Really all this is this thing. All right. You said it won't stay. See you there, Miguel, see you there. As a human, loud and low wind. Any action, she doesn't as a phone, she doesn't get the way. We can help, say, have to stay with her back. And the house becomes, we want it all to go away today. That's a loony. And we're trying to tell them, and we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to follow this path. We're just watching the river mass, and we're trying to build it. And we're trying to protest. We should stand in man. Oh, no, no. If we're here, just watch him. And come roll up to us alone. Another chance, we'll grow up listening. Follow new ways, share my everything. And here we are, walk in the river, Miguel. Leave a cube of power behind. Shout out to him with gifts and songs. But my name is my hair is flowing down. I'm dying of a hair, singing and those years and other phones. You look at the way, we're gonna help, say, have to stay with her back. And the house becomes, we want it all to go away today. You're fairing. And we're trying to tell them, and we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to follow this path. We're just watching the river mass, and we're trying to build it. And we're trying to protest. We should stand in man. And we're trying to tell them, and we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to follow this path. We're just watching the river mass, and we're trying to build it all. And we're trying to tell them, and we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to tell them, and we're trying to trust and jams. That's our exciting news for getting about Ali on. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And we're trying to trust and jams. And that's when you'll feel like an earthquake. And when you have earthquakes in Florida. But that's when you'll feel it. Michael Moore, we bouncing up an ambulance. We'll be right there with him. By the way, bouncing up and down on Dixx Grave. 560, pound five, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless lines. Ali on man, Ali on. All that crap that people for and of course Miguel was on the wrong side of that is usual. Just like he was on the wrong side of the whole bush business until way too late to love the horse was out of the barn. You have to have to like emancipate yourself. You're bringing up a little bit. Would you please think for yourself. Stop being just one of them. Whatever whatever the category he was one of them. Who is them? Who is them? Well, whoever they are. In this particular case, those right wing Kubano's who all think alike because for whatever reason. Because they're not been brainwashed. Because they refuse to deal with anybody to the left of a till of the Honourful Hensio Matista. That's why. Kamalista Kamalista, but we liked old Matista because he was a good fashista. That's what that's all about. Bring him back. They never met a fashist in the lion. They were saying it wasn't my or landscape. I'm in Roth like him. Because the casino's there were a few in a big business. Yep. We're doing a thriving business. Unlike Florida of course, which we can't even get the damn slot machines of him because you're fed as governor. Wow. But it may be better. But above and maybe in December will do this. Yeah. July first they were supposed to have that thing all all over time with the pink bow on it. The pink lufan it. But I don't know. It's only the 11th of November. It's in Veterans Day 11th of November. And they're still deli-daling. And he imagine a money that would be coming in every day. Remember one of the first things they talked about after the after Katrina in Bologacy was all the money they were losing from the casino's. They got washed away the ones that were offshore. Yep. And how much money they were losing like 500 million bucks a day revenue for the state. Every single day and of course, so we know Florida's got so much money. I'm just laying around. Come any QAM hello. Any answer. You know that sort of you've been reading about for a pound light about the full same rod. Yeah. So years ago during the storm I had to pull in the backyard break at the base and they came inside it up with ropes and it's still there. And I can't get a hold of nobody I've been trying to call. I think some of them ought to be tied up with ropes. I think so too, man. I mean because I'm lucky that's with their storm here. It's imploded fall down onto my house. Yeah. Okay. Good luck to you, Kelly. Sounds like a time to move is what it sounds like. Can we plus that echo in a car? I think maybe he's underwater with the pull. Oh, but hey, everybody back on it. And that kind of called before. If that isn't a guy that's got like any Zillion dollars of FFNL stock, I don't know what it is. We said we didn't have a smuck in a liar. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. QAM intellectual lying. QAM not there. That was going to be the good call to do you hear the deep breath. Hello. Maybe crying in the back. Maybe this is Amy on the house. Maybe this is Meris Gouisi, a sign of phone. Grab another one, money. WQAM hello. For me. Yes sir. If you care about a crazy person, do you break or act them? Or do you let a little crazy life? Or do you make a live or drug nob life? I wish crazy first that we talking about now. You talking about ourselves department again? No, I don't know about a distance. For instance, just an example of family members. Yeah. What do you think? Do you go see the other guy? Yes, some of that rope he's got laid around it. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. There's a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff. He was who I lived throughout the country, So he was their very fast time. Just gained so much authority I think. And he won. I see. And he met me when I was Echtider, and was that basis. I played 15 or one and said that then, but I think things played 14 games are än I went to I know they went over 2 Soortunities. I don't understand these people. So we tape it? Yeah. I'll let you know what I'm ready. OK. How's the votes coming out? That's the good news. See, look on a bright side like Maddie and his Python said, like Eric and his idol said, 339 vote. Yeah, that's the 16th of what he got, Josh. 339 is 955. We're on our way. Right away, the 1100 to the S. Me, maybe he could maybe you got only knows there's the sky's limit if he asked me. We might have 50 trillion votes. Kind of rise. We have the sales department in the spot. See, I don't get paid any more if they sell or not. It's just, you know, they just pathetic. Even Adam said that on his way at this morning, he may have to go to work for cheap chamber, one of those other outfits because there's a flight Franklin. And he got a sales manager like we got now. We used to have screw-in and even though she was like a real smith disturbed room, we really had everybody always whipped up into a friend's. She had that whip. She had that long whip and man, she would crack it. Am I right? You probably heard those sounds all over the building. He heard crack in it. Now, she wasn't nearly as effective as our old promotions assistant with those her name. I forgot already. The Reen. Ha ha ha, you're hoping I forgot. Archimagal. The Reen. How about you? Haven't forgot. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. The Reen, the old promotions queen. You won't see her in all mall. This is Neil Rogers. This is what's going on. This is 5. 16. 16. 16. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. Oh, what are you doing? I'm not a quote here. I'm not the one rated, even a mo-ha-lanet, even in his home. The quote in my aspirations. Oh, wow. Hey, boy, for me. I don't even hire children. Merrah-ba. Hello. And I want your taken J. P. Merrah. Oh, J. P. They really is a great quote. Have I been a good Jew? I like J. P. Merrah. Uh, well, not the legend. He's got extraordinarily smooth, but toxic. Oh, yeah. He's got a beautiful J. Say, yeah. Oh, good. Thank you, ma. Oh, no, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. What? I have nothing else to say. Oh, I have this. I was doing the down there in the mirror, ma. I'm going to write down the street from you. Oh, yeah. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, wait. By the way, he's up. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts. How's that? My mother is not way too. That was the only call that we had. The theme's on you. No, it's growing again. Oh, no, no, no, no. My mother does not know. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. Wow, you've got to go. We're going to die. And you know that I can die. And around those old people who are alive, I don't want to go. If you go, love and death, here I go, see. How about my love, get to land me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Be sad, wait till my life. I know clothes once I'm in steam. Almost every day, I think. And my veins suddenly start to grow. My identity, the door to doors, doors, doors. Yeah, I've got my top, all of my back. And I've got my top, all of my, all of my, all of my, all of my. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But with my gold bag, yeah, yeah. And my door to the space, I can't tell you, No, no, just get that ready. Oh, you know that, really. Well, I don't know, no, no, no, no, no. And I have to go the door to the door. And I have to go the door to the door. I want to want Cranky Old Moor maybe it'll be the Magnanimous enthusiastic Moor you never know which one after to the afternoon you have to stay tuned and fight out or not mad dog gets the four from hooters and a pepper pines and we got that panther stuff any interest in those panthers? oh understand how an interesting thing is they moved the a week I came up to 7 Friday games sold 7 30 or like during the week like Wednesday's Ranger again they moved it for 7 am I right Josh? yes you wouldn't know but what do you mean he wouldn't know he was there? I heard an interview you what? he's not sitting there right now well where did he go? I don't tell me he had to make a run I'm not sure he's putting nothing to other paper right now is he? I'll be there I'm on the seat put down some paper on that seat before he sits fat boys probably been in there only got only those what kind of things are caught around his body and I see we never discussed what we came in for lunch today when breakfast and lunch and brunch it was there no food in there oh yeah there was food we had our howies yeah I had a pork sandwich a pork sandwich I'll give you a fork if that the penis thing out again what's wrong with you man? he didn't take love my pig me yeah me too I'm gonna make some brought worse for lunch just to piss off those pita people I didn't like that I love my pork and in fact it's kosher from piso Gary Sarner brought maybe a few quizzling here you're fairie yeah I didn't give the cheese brought to you by the way for those who are interested sorry gotta do it man okay I'll check it out wait a go so how is put the Josh over the edge today so George wasn't there to go make the quick run but subbing in there was Josh Curtis he's only the priest that George's left behind which by the way recommended by George the pork sandwich so yeah I tried it today and it was great a bit it was very good George knows his pork and I guarantee that you put some heavy layers and that's probably why it took so long several layers of newspaper and toilet paper over the scene before you sat down there no I'm alright I see even do it I can deal with it wait I hope I say hey didn't know he didn't hover in squat there like a girl okay we get like you do all you are really a girl boy you are a girly man make it almost take about it when our will was talking about girly man he had you in mind here's an interesting story when it comes to multitasking it's hard to meet the woman who can rob a bank and never interrupt your cell phone conversation and it needs to be a incredible cool or something much more sinister a young woman is rob four bucks watch over your bank break oh by the way let me just say this it's veterans day okay and like I said before in south Florida when you think that since this isn't a religious holiday it's not like real like uh... solemn and set up there could have been school the banks could have been open everybody could have been doing a business with all the problems that people have tried to business for last couple of weeks thanks to Florida Plunderland and everybody without power and will mother said what do you think but no no anyway getting back to this story and that could be the incredible cool or something much more sinister young woman is rob four bucks over your bank branches in northern Virginia recently all while seemingly immersed in cell phone chats police say and the most recent hold up on November 4th in ash burn or in Virginia video footage shows them it will be almost uninterested as a tower hands of a stacking cash and you continue talking on her phone as he turns the walks out of the bank very casual it's the casual cell phone bank robber this is the first time i can recover in head of crime committed while the first was using a cell phone said county share spokesman Craig talks to the proxial echoing comments by officials from other law enforcement agencies question would be whether anyone is on the other end of the line or not maybe she did just do it for show and i know some people do that and i'm positive of it all uh... i'll get back to around seven i got a very important point and there's nobody on the phone did just pozers pozers just like a lot of you idiots down there and south beach bunch of pozers the cell phone vented first rock and vina october twelve in the twenty's with dark air about five foot two to five foot six tall and we're twenty one hundred thirty locked in carrying a box and talk on the cell phone the ball seen her picture she like a light complexed dark lady or dark complexed likely that might be sure he's seen the picture of him no and i think she's on the phone but the security cameras caught in she's on the phone and got her face right on her really clever she moved directly to the telecom display the shoe size the shoe box size box we had a note tape on the man in cash please wouldn't disclose the wording of the note as in the other cases the robber changed few or no words with the tele because she apparently was busy talking to somebody else she scooped up the cash started walking the kept on talking in the most recent robbery however there was a twist rock soul said a gun during her brief isn't to the branch of forty forty whatever it is in our aspirin the woman carried a person simply over an up showing the gun with tele on five thirty and a new then she ended over no demanding cash with herself on stormy attack so we're here the tellers have been able to hear much of the conversations police said they said the ten from the robbers and on the member for the men and bunch of okay's we just okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay she was well spoken English with a light his spanic accent all right now they were mister how do you like that Miguel it appeared to witnesses that there was someone on the other robbers line at day a hugely for making is that she's talking to somebody who knows what's going on possibly a look up that's a pretty good scan so you guys that they're getting ready robbing take your cell phone and we didn't have them like you know everybody just a walkie talking that a good idea you know you're a good idea you know you're a good kid away guy three hundred fifty eight votes you know something I think it's getting precariously close to that magic number three eight eighty seventy four and before you know we'll be like what I say nine seventy four aren't you impressed I thought that John should be like doing cartwheels in the hallway be so excited I did I was excited we were the first hand him off the sales department what I cartwheels on the way to the toy that did you really well I said the way that like star generating some action there Johnny depth defense came off how do you like that I like Johnny Defa lot for the while I Johnny makes me think back at that morning he was on my show on Zeta back before he was quite so famous he was famous but not like he was a well-known. Johnny Depp and London says he was appalled by the vilifying of his ex-girlfriend Kate Moss after pictures of her allegedly snorting cocaine were published in Britain they got some nerve done. Next thing you know they'll be acoustifying for an well-bush. The first thing they went through my mind was I was concerned for her opening she was okay and that's either baby roll case a dip forty two who dated the supermodel four years until ninety eight then was just being appalled and shocked at the kind of vicious attacks that they've seen a few Friday with a British warning TV show. She's super sharp pretty smart has a great heart she's a good mama and she just happens to be human in the first one love that that's unforgivable said Johnny Moss 31 recently left the rehab clinic in the US was being ninety three-year-old daughter Lila Grace Moss lost several modeling contracts after the photos were published for her career appears to be back on track she appears on the cover this month's vanity fair magazine recently shot a new campaign for designer Roberto Cavali. Let's see the other article I had about this story this one leaves that part out about Johnny um Johnny differ ripping of the US and send what a bunch of losers and he's right about that's not in this particular story that was the better one damn it maybe that's one on our website. Yes he lives in France or in at least in Europe most of the year and the one of the US. That's not his effort he's had it. We were America's become. Oh he's on patriotic air right he's smart is what he is Johnny deaf smart is a whip and a damn good answer to. Come on you can't you I am hello. Hello. Yes sir. I think the meal speaking. Mr. Mayo. Yeah. Are you doing okay how are you doing? I'm doing good man listen. Sounds like my boss already. You might be listening. You're listening. You moved sound. He moves over there. He wants to hear the Howard Maltese and the Goldie the good the man of the army. What's that? What's that? What's that? What is that? I'll work on a call I won't get it for him. Okay see. Don't forget. What is that call? What is that? Boca Brian's going to have to call the intel because because he's on George was there. We don't get a carrot or not but what's the great while. Like I think about the world police I mean team of America. He would have known that right away. I guess probably because he was the one that sent me the this I would too like I said if he said puppet that's all. It's not puppets it's not a no no no strings attached okay no strings attached kind of like that tampon at the K.D. was singing about. Do you know what is that called? It's not called a good the bad. I'm going to have to go through all the mobits the more the doy the guilty is that it is a call what is it the more the doy the guilty I don't know I'm looking at title here. Mo doy guilty there's a mole foe your money. Look at that that is really bad. I'll see. Well we'll play about a whole lot of them and we'll find right one there's Mo and Joe. Yeah the way which one is that the more the doy the guilty plan.actor all m I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. This is real rubbish. This is five 16. 16. Hey. Why do you pass this? I'll have a little bit like a cocaine. I'll have a little like a cocaine. I'll have a little, I'll have a little bit of a slur by train. You'll find a little people who got to come closer. They've run through their friends and they smell their dog. They're dirty days and go away. And then you begin like a kin. Shame, monsters, all to be had. She packed herself in this and goes, we hope we hope we hope she won't let that slip over nose. She's all up for sailing, I've rid of her straw. She's screwed up for life, even worse than she lost. But everyone deserves the love. It's ours. I just hope that she won't start smoking pot. Okay, monsters are out of rehab. She packed herself in this and goes. Okay, eight monsters are out of rehab. She packed herself in this and goes. We hope we hope we won't let that slip over her. We hope we hope she won't let that slip over her nose. She's all up for sailing, I've rid of her straw. She's screwed up for life, even worse than she lost. And everyone deserves the love. It's ours. I just hope that she won't start smoking pot. Okay, monsters are out of rehab. She packed herself in this and goes. One sixty, why are we supposed to care about that? That he mosses up and goes. Why should we care about that? Boyves and girls. We don't. I like I said we don't. None of our goodness what she's doing. Now I said the government fat asked Governor's daughter. We care about that because he says himself up as a good excuse as a role model for being so much more pies and better than the rest of us. As a good cat look in his brother with his born again, Christianity and Jesus this in faith-based bullcraft and faith-based lies in faith-based cocaine. Then we care about it because then you're talking to where it is. Profit all MPs if it's like Joe Blodon, a streetman of cramity oxies he's popping. Or how much tractor shop and he's doing. Poppin and shopping. But when somebody's on the air talking about all these crazy drug people and how they all belong on this role. Yeah, and then come to find out that he's like top in fifty million oxies of your five minutes. Then all of a sudden we kind of change our altitude about that. Colorado soldier, Fanzan Tag War Group, Sergeant Kelly D'Ordy went to Racken 2003 down in the war was just she returned in 2004. Certain it was wrong and co-founded Iraq veterans against the war. People say you're a trader, people say you run paid for out of ced d'Ordy, 27, about her anti-war work. We're doing this because we feel strongly about America. I really appreciate America but we're capable of doing some very bad things she says. And she happens to be. Absolutely correct man. D'Ordy was stationed near Nazarene and Southern Iraq for ten months with a Colorado National Guards 220 of military police company. She saw action but never fired a weapon. D'Ordy said the thousands of innocent civilians who've been killed in the broken American promises about repairing water electricity and sewer systems convinced her the troops ought to be coming home. The faces of Iraqis have been in smirred her growing doubts. At first the Iraqi smiled and weighed but the end of my ten months did they turn away or make rude gestures already said. Oh like here number one. I mean like that rude gestures. After she came home in February 2004 and left the guard after eight years with an honorable discharge. She embarked on a new mission. She put her life in income on a hold and talked to college students, high school classes and community groups across the country. The war in Iraq is not about protecting this country. The war in Iraq is aggression she said. The last time we see the salary for work against the war. Most of us wanted to help the Iraqi people but the only good we could do is give kids candy she told six students who gathered on a warm fall afternoon to listen to her and read his college in Denver. That's not what they need. They need clean water and security. They need electricity. Just like the poor people of South Florida days and days on and they electricity so they can live their lives and run their air conditioning and their free-sween TV sets like Hank's Big Sand Son TV. Ready, likes it. See, always take your hand, you know, your life in your hands when you start recommending things. I'm not talking about body wash. I mean, you can always throw it out and get a new one, you know, for a couple of bucks. But when it's a big purchase like a TV set or something like that, yeah. And you recommend it and somebody goes out and buys it and they're oh, yeah, that's a piece of crafty. So any was so much video or whatever. It's not though. Sam's something is great. You could throw it to it. That game I started the event when Canadian game in HD. That was so anybody that well we talked about this before. Anybody hasn't seen this sporting event in high definition of live event. It's just it's breathtaking or like a live rock concert. It's just amazing. You could retain there and practically like tickle their fancy. Like run on passenger, good tickle fancy. We got a thousand one votes all together. We're okay now. All right. Josh had a real good healthy BM and we got a thousand votes. What's not for like? It's a good one. It yells all straight and that is going to be using the squeegee all weekend. And I'm going to be shave with my motorized razor for you or just a piece of work. Here's you got a shading with a vibrator. It's never heard such a thing. But I'm saying like you said you use a razor. Let me say it again. Hang on. Play it tune. What's he going to get his razor? You're going to play the open. And I saw I got. But I got a few. I mean. Have you had you tried? The mockery. No. I'm not in for you. Are you asking him? Yeah. I was asking him there. The new soft ultra grip pivot Gillette custom plus these disposable razors are so fantastic disposable razors. Right. Come on. Take that to much space. What's going on? What's up to much space? What is that? Why would you use a disposable razor? What does that mean? It takes up to much space. What do you have? I'm going to put it in your work. I'm pointing at you right now. It's about to size the one of these razors. How can I take up too much space? How many razors do you have in the bag? Ten. You don't put it in your bag. You put the bag in the under the thing. They're in the drawer and they are covered somewhere. They don't have to hold bag out. They take one out when you need. They're a couple of days every four or five days. Every four or five days. Right. That's how long these last. How long are you using? What are you using? How many days? Two or five? You've turned it on. How many days would you use? I don't use the freezer. I don't use the freezer. But if you, so that's what's telling you, then don't hold your talking about. Oh, man. You're your bro. You're for a wife, man. I guarantee it. She probably goes like, that's what we were saying. You're right. You're right. You're right. She's going to start. Or maybe I got a better idea for a chicken. You're the arsenic. Extra lubricating. What does it say? Extra lubricating power with natural oils. New Zealand custom plus pivot. These are the oil. These are new ones. They're gray. They're gray and dark blue. All right. You got me into the body wash thing. You use the razor. Just listen. Just listen. Go get the mock three that vibrates. I'm telling you. Whatever. I'm not in the vibrator. What do you do with it? You stick it on your back. We didn't push the button. The while you shave the buzzer, it actually vibrates. It's great. I'm telling you. See, I'm not into a tinker toy for shaving. I'm into like a real razor for like a real man. It's a real razor. What do you mean? You're using disposable. You're not using real razor. So those things even have glide sticks. Lides sticks. It's a disposable razor. That's a stick. What do you mean? Glides sticks. What does that go? What does that? Like, you know, above your razor, the little stick there, the little soft part. Yeah. That's a little soft part. Yes, it does. Okay. There you go. It's a glide out there. Half of the lines is disposable. So one of the words you tell me that disposable razors are all know good as that what you're saying. I'm pretty quiet. I'm pretty quiet. Since they first came out, what is the newest and improved one. And these are, you don't even know that you're shaving. It's just, it just slides over your push. And they're here just disappears. And it's like there's no pain, no gain, no strain. No cuts, no nicks, no bleeding. No like toilet paper on the face that you could be putting on the seat. All right. Let me tell you in terms of genre. Okay. The mock three in terms of understand. The mock three is the flavor. Anything extra, a giant card. And see, he's learned it from all those super drugs in the ball bar. Two years now. Who taught you this? They've been boring. I'm just telling you, you're a razor. It's the best razor. So what is it? I'll tell you about my theory. Just to show how often mine it I am. I'll go out and buy one to the San Fernando. And you'll never use anything else. Okay. But that might be that how come you're using the broad electric razor. Because I don't like straight razors. But I'm telling you, I have it. How about gay razors? How about those? Doesn't like straight razors. I use electric. I don't give a semester's here. Something first he goes down to T-room. He's doing cartwheels in the toilet there. And now he's coming back to see like, yeah, razor. If this is as good as you're saying it is, I can't imagine why you'd want to spend all the money for it. And you're talking about disposable. How long does that last? How can it bleed? How long can that last? Last a while. How long is a while? A week? A month? Four weeks from circus? How long can that last? You know, probably the way. Probably get a despite question is why get a disposable? You can just get the actual replay. And then you just have to buy blades. Yeah. You're talking about one of these deals where it's likely the handle is permanent. And you can put those in. That's a pain in the ass. No, you just stick it right in. Yeah. Man, when you got the kind of bucks that I got, you don't like it. You just use the razor for like one shaving your toss in the can. And it's it. That's right. Even if it's electric razor, when you got the big bucks, use it once you throw it away and get a new one. That's right. You car gets dirty. You're taking you traded in. That's good to know when it's 30. That's right. TV stick. It's like a little spot on it. You know, like wash it off and then the meat clean off of TV screen. It's ready to get a new one. Go out there and spend three for a grand kitchen. Nice new one. Help the economy. That it does. Okay. So let me write it down again. What is it? Mark three. Mark three. And it's the vibrating one. Mark two vibrating for macho man. Yeah. Sounds real macho to me. Raise your the vibrates. You know what that's like? That's like he's silly people that use these toothbrushes. That's it. Everything's got a vibrato. I don't know about that. I'm actually selling fish. It's because no matter what you buy vibrates, he wouldn't be buying cucumber now. It's vibrates. God. What's going on in this world? Anyway, no wonder people are pointing in America. Much of lunatics. Fushes. Put everybody off the deep edge. Vibrating toothbrushes. You know what those do? What they do is they loosen up your filling so that you're the filling swallow. What person is right mind? Yeah. That's it for people who lazy to floss and like use the. You know what? Really good is the dentist. Since we're pointing at these stupid products now, you ever use these now? Dentists. They call these little plastic dentists. They're like curved on the end. They like to fly. I'm re-chlorinated like here between your teeth and your dough is great. Oh, they're good. They are good. See, they're not. There's something in the Miguel going on. Do is the dentist. Yes. He's sticking it. Yep. Well, here's a girl. Obviously, I had that problem too. And appeals court ruled out a 17 year old girl in Lakeland can give an abortion. But I'll tell you her parents was overturned. This isn't my Pope circuit judge. Somebody was sticking it in the judge's token. A majority of the three judge panel said yesterday the girl has a maturity in the side but they haven't been working on this side of telling your parents what's over best interest. Circuit judge Ellen Matt. This is like Ali on again. Leave her alone and let her do her own things. 17 my God. Circuit judge Ellen Master has denied the girl's original request for a waiver last month. Rolling she didn't meet the criteria for a waiver. A new law which became effective due in 30. About 30 men. The crisis physician to notify the parents or guardians of girls in within 18 before performing an abortion. The girl's a lot of parents or guardians know her. Fishing request a waiver from a judge. The girl will be 18 within a month anyway. Let's do the parents and comes from a Catholic family. Oh, not a Catholic 17 year old girl like I knocked up. She testified that she'd be gained pregnant by her steady boyfriend. Well, that's sweet. She said she wants them in abortion because she's not prepared financially. Otherwise, this is important child. Although she said she has a good relationship with the parents. The girl said they would add them to the opposite of the citizen of an abortion my kicker rat because they're Catholic. There's that Catholic thing you're going to like. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. I'm like he also must be skewed to treat a virginity. That's it. Alright, work it. As a man, girls. And go! Hit it! Go! Go! Turn over. Turn over by him. He's actually missing. He's missing. So Marl Wapperul is a take on Wake Forest. As ECC action, continue. Tricking, doing face search on Covergenul. The King of December, the winter, the president by Bell-Sdown. Right here. It's fortunate you're 5.60. See you again. Alright guys. It's going. That's a new name. In that book, I made it clear. The magic book was a woman's where I feel. The magic book, at large a gallery, I sometimes stand up. The magic book, I like his walk and I like his hair. The magic book, I watch his jeans when he's turned to bed. The magic book, I just love his magic book. Right, go! The magic book, when we're all too old, I just hope. The magic book, you lose this grip and drop the soul. The magic book, I see my hand on it. I'm your hand on it. The magic book, magic book, magic book. There you go again. Drop in the soap and who'd hand the body wash when after worry about being attacked. It's 131-5.60WQA. Oh, just in our via, Master David says that somebody is dead. Find that was for an asteroid beside it. It's a lot of dead Iraqis over there. I thought we were there to liberate him, not to mention the campfire. Mayor McNu-Hamsher, a 19 year old convenience store for a sleep on two jobs this week. My name is Thor and selling drugs. Summer, Gandhi of National News Hampshire, which charged with possession of marijuana, would intend to distribute after two Maraq police officers. Found him sleeping in the store's office with a quarter-part of marijuana. If that would have been in South Florida and Margage, the witness will be in his craft. Especially if there was a scale around. Is that what they call the scales of justice? That's it. It happened late Monday at a 7-11 store after a customer called police to report to anybody in the store. Police searched to building and say they found Gandhi sleeping in the back office with a big bag of pot, a scale on a smaller bag of pot. They say he was packaging the marijuana for a reset. On the T.S. scale, say, kill him. That's all. I've already bought the mining police chief, Timony. What about his son and his 400 pounds of pot? How's he doing? I bet you George is friendly. Trying to get his number. That's probably where George is today. It took off today. He's going to the beach. He's probably going to the chief. China, the Chinese are stories about the three broad stories. The Chinese are a series about building a brighter broad. There's now a degree in broad studies at Hong Kong's Polytechnic University. And Chinese biggest laundry manufacturer, top form has a bra, a bra lab, a bra lab at its factory. The company makes more than 60 million brasier for well-known labels like Victoria's Secret Platex and Maiden Form. Maiden China, hopefully the movies aren't made in China because boy would be like a reason. It's not that all Chinese people are like unendowed in various areas. But most the Wall Street Journal reports top form is very spare many with various types of planning. You give the bust a boost. They've tried air, but it like tires. It's prone to flans. Oil filled pads were too expensive and heavy. Now the company is trying a filling made from a zip-top of fiber fill. The stuffing used in ski parkers. That should go. Fort Myers. A Florida woman's been arrested for padding her bra with a stolen parrot. A whole. Joe Nyspell 35 is facing felony charges after hiding a rare green wing parrot in her bra. And stealing it from her employer, baby exotic birds, police said. She got a parrot in her movies. Nyspell allegedly stole the birds since you to trade it for a vented 64 of Wholeslayer and Carmen Gia, Adam a Bill. She couldn't resist telling the car owner how she got the animal according to the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. Turns out the car sold her with friends with the man who owns the $2,000 bird. The N.A. test confirmed the birds I've been in this field with Charles Saturday with Grand Thief. The circumstances, the case that the most bizarre I've ever encountered, said Benwin, Wire Life and Vestigator Larry Varsing, who is the best thing in the world life. And Tokyo, we got a perfecto of booby stories of broad stories. Larry heated bras, makes some apparent some Japanese word, grosses the country of Paris for warm days. A nationwide government campaign urging workers to bundle up and save energy on heating this winter. The warm days bra, unveiled this week by Tokyo based underwear-maker tram fit or national, is lined with material that the company says help save warmth. The bra also has removable pads that can be heated in the microwave or hot water, as well as long-free straps that wrap around the neck like a scarf and matching shorts. Warm days that you add little fun and chic to officewear and prevent global warming and attempt to cut energy use to President's recommended setting thermostats this winter. At 60, 60, 90 degrees Celsius that 66 degrees Fahrenheit for government bullies and 20 degrees Celsius that 68 Fahrenheit for private companies. 66, the long and chilly Saturday, the government said this used June to August cool viz campaign which had bureaucrats and politicians supporting open color, shortly shirts to cut on air conditioning, saved 210 million kilowatt hours enough to power 720,000 households from up. You know who would like that sleeves up campaign? Brownie Brown. Roll up first sleeves, Brownie make it look like you're doing something out of way. And watch out for those that're floating debris there. Here's something that you guys are probably going to be bidding on right now before the show is over. Okay. Attention sports fans, Joe Namajio's first major league uniform is going up for sale. Joe D. The baseball legend's 1936 New York Yankees will be uniform. We'll hit the auction block at so please in New York on December 10 both the jersey and pants of the pinstrap number 9 uniform will be auction. Keep in mind he was murdered in Maryland, Monroe. Now the rumors are coming out that this phony accidental death of her is that everybody's now says his murder that they were going to get hitched again. It was a suicide. It was supposed to get married again. Okay. But anyway, his pants keep in mind that he was murdered in Maryland, Monroe. See, so you get a victory thrilled by wearing Joe D's pants even though they were from along before. As the 21 year old rookie, Joe and Joe as he was known, helping the Yankees to the first of four consecutive world titles in the World Series titles, only year that he wore number 9 of the years to follow. He wore number 5 as we know. I said for Mike Burd, you know, who says, up yours? We hate you, Mike. You're a negative, you're sour. You're a sour post. And, hey, kind of like, you know what I mean? I mean, I don't do baseball season starts. You had to put him on for like about two minutes and cut him off right in the middle of the interview. Right in the beginning. Hey, Mike, up yours and hang up. When that be great, Dr. I have it. Now, the Yankees Clippers, whether the uniform is expected to sell for an hourly, I get against you guys right out of the running now. I expected to sell for an estimated $600,000. According to Lee Dunbar, director of Sophie's Collectibles Department, Dunbar said to imagine, remember, beating is the various debaiseball artifacts. We know of no other rookie uniform that says historic. I wonder if we got some of the clothing that alien love behind. Why does you guys hide here, let over the afternoon, little Havana? We got to find the old mirror's greasy as house there and the gun doll is house. And maybe let's some of his underwear around or some old pantaloulies, whatever. Can you imagine? No. Oh, my God, that old black tooth crown, Davano, part. They'd be like hand over fist to get up their hands on that. Well, all three of us. Huh? Option that, option that baby off. For nearly 70 years, the magio's uniform has been collecting cobwebs in the class of the Charles Smoke Manson, now 89, who was the auntie's farm league pitcher in 1930s. But, dude, man. Thank you, farm leagueers, inherited the uniforms of the big league players from the previous year and Mason was lucky enough to get Joe D's. Next month's auctions will also include 240, 9 other rare and sought after sports member beat of pit. You're not thinking before we developed the rest of the auction. You know, that big piece that we got there that were fosterized so much, that big black dildo. Yeah. But, tell the beeslies that we got there, we can put it back on our action auction there on the QA website. No, but up a holder revenue stream, man. Next month's auction. No, don't you think we got all that member beat of laying around in the studio and picture the sales department where everybody including Adam now ex-doubt. We can start auctioning that stuff off on a QA website, open up that new auction stream or on our website, like QAM, we can keep the profits. Next month's auction will also include 300, I might have a how many votes we got. For way over a thousand, right this year's diary, 434 and 616 is what? It sounds like 1050 to me without even having to end some track and multiply. 1050, nice. And 1050, WMG, in New York, WHN. Next month's auction will also include 300, 49, 9, often rare and sought other rare and sought after sports member beat of pieces including the original plaster bottle sculptor, the high-spin trophy, expected to go for 2 to 300 grand. And Schuillis Joe Jackson's favorite black petsy bat, expected to fetch close to 300 grand. Maybe even some OJ's illegal satellite that this receiver is in their two-for auction. Dunbar said, so to be, is expected to auction sell to total about 5 million bucks. So much old cram, then amazing. People will buy them. I knew people out there listening if you got a bunch of old crampling around, hang onto it because someday it'll be valuable if you're lucky. Like me when I had all those baseball cards when I was a kid, if I had just hung onto them, I had zillions of baseball cards in like shoe boxes. What to do? And blinding enough and mom threw them out. Bitch. Yeah. I'm knocking him out. I'm not seeing that shoe and give a crap any of this. I saw you riding my faggman in my dog, but he's pleased with it. 5, 16, 16, 18, 17. That's the looted. Yeah, more of it, I didn't even play. What in all this bookmire of an assay that it grows apart? Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson? Yeah. Sure. It was a pothor on the bus. But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man. I mean, I mean, I mean, cannot boost our moral for the black community. Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson. Jackie Robinson was my hero. Why I can remember when I was a much younger man. And Jackie, he was working at the chocolate nuts. I walked up to him, shook his hand at it and said, you would. Oh, my hero. Now get me a crap of coffee. And make it black. You think Rosa made coffee not heavily? More having a day with your audio. Yes, ma'am. I think what you're doing. I, I wait a minute. Wait a minute. I wait a minute. Whoa, whoa, whoa. How you a black man? Yes. Don't you get hell of it, a phone. Who did more put a black community? Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson? Oh, it's two separate things. What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism and not that I'm prejudiced. Oh, he must have been not disconnected. You know, both of my own. On any time, Tyler, you're going to have a high tone. More having a day. Can we tell me taxi-matches is pop with a black man? No, no, no. Let's not go like that. I don't get any wrong here. It goes up like this. Do the more hot for the black community. Rosa Parks or Jackie Russell. Let's say, Rosa, don't understand what I'm talking about. I'll tell you, you'll be talking about man. You're a guy, you know. The blue they wanted. I'm going to take a question right. The blue they wanted. No, who did that? Rosa Parks or Jackie White. Oh yeah. Who did that? Who did that? Who did that? Who did that? Who did that? Who did that? Oh my god. Who did that? Where did that person go? Oh, that's not what he said. He's not what he said. He's not what he said. I just think I'm just saying. Shoot. I'm afraid my old paled Troy. You're a white favorite. The white favorite. The white favorite. The white favorite. The white favorite. The white favorite. 14. Go to see. What is that going to go on by? I got to buy the max free. Fibrating Zildo Rezlock. Three. The mock max free. And I got to buy the dial body wash. Lylock pink purple. You're good to go. Okay. I'm going to be spending a lot of time in the drugstore. They've been to get some good drugs while I'm at it. Here's what I got to need some drugs. I guess central Florida man arrested for confining child in a freezer. Largo. A 22 year old man was charged with aggravated child abuse after police any discipline is girlfriends five year old son by stuffing him into a chest freezer. Nicholas Dermaine Black was arrested yesterday after officers investigated anonymous typically states child abuse hotline Largo police said. The boys mother Melissa Bentley Hanson 32 was charged with child neglect because she was present during some of the incidents. Police said Black put the boy inside the running freezer and sat on top to keep him inside at least five times since the darktober. Caging the child is illegal and Florida. The kid could be heard inside the freezer obviously kicking and pushing me get out to Largo police sergeants Stephen Slatter the child must have been scared to death. The boy apparently was kept inside for no more than two minutes. He and his 11 year old sister showed no signs of physical abuse and appeared to be otherwise well fed and closed both her staying with relatives. Detective Mike Stevenson interviewed the boy and asked him what officers should do would black. Take him to jail the boy replied what a smart kid. Black they bought repair man was still in jail today with no bonding to a police he never stepped the boy into the freezer but only held his head inside first with a lip lit up until the boy was cold. Hanson's being held under twenty thousand dollar bond he tells about their legal representation unavailable. Plancy couple and Largo Florida land of mayhem and insanity and a lot of really stupid people. Bad news for you TV fans guess what shows are going by by. I'm sure you guys never watched you well maybe did. Ever watched a rest of development? Nope. Well the ratings were so bad they couldn't get arrested. And how about seven? No. What are you laughing about? Seven? Well a difficult bill isn't it? There were some hot people on edge show which is not what I'm saying. All right. There were some we know hot people on show 7-7 going. The candidates will be fair while reviewers in May when the WB network is top rate of family drama 7-7 incidents run after 10 seasons and what sources said was largely cost cutting move. The blue's clan of phosphatings challenged the rest of the development ratings challenged kind of like Joel across the street there. That would be a nice term for me's ratings challenged. Yes. That's for P.P. A rest of the development is also related for the exit after Fox cuts a third season order on the Emmy winning their company to 13 episodes. Also getting the answered foxes arrested is compared in on Monday the freshman company catch in confidential. Resortable not based on the initial 13 episodes. 7th have it was debut August 26th 1996 mark the first ever Monday broadcast of the event fled to the WB network. We'll bow out as the longest running family drama on television. After 10 seasons a show is still a top draw for WB averaging 5.1 min in viewers this season the day because there's hot people on it. Creatively the show also would go out and style creative brand to hand and said I think this is the best season we've ever had or planning a break. Setting and how we're going conclusion the series. I think what they do is they blow the whole house up with everybody in it. There's talk about a potential 7th havens spin off but hand to the mids that would be hard to do. 7th havens a family show. I think this is the success of the show is that the family is in tact with mom. The daddy's a preacher and everybody's like pretty too. She's an excellent hot people on it. I'm going to have hot people under would be 10 people watching okay. Boring without the hot people. Trust me when I say. If we want to take one or two more good calls before we end today before we wrap up a re-resimulating week and see if you can find them. How many QA and hello? Yeah. Yes sir. Yeah you're playing with Quest sir. Oh that sounds like very good jokes to me. How many QA and hello? No. Yes sir. What's going on man? Look I was one of the... I'll take a look at this. I have everyone's Jones. You're gay. I'm going home. I'm going home. I was one of the last calls to the most show the other day that made them go off. And that said you guys made a five minute bit about it. I missed it. I never got to talk to him. You really make a five minute bit about it. We just played the clip. Although we do have a bit about it. I could you possibly play that and what a man to mess with. Man he is just he's so easy. I'll tell you what. Well he got up on the outside of business. He was like, oh man. He was just going on man. There you go. Well how would it even do you have a little bit of a way? I am here. And you are... I can't say anything more. They took that for me. Thanks a lot more pod to that guy. Midday show guy. Ooh, bokeh. Yeah, yeah. That's like I... Who ever had a hell of a day? You met him. I did it. Yeah. I don't know who ever had a good way. Let's take some calls and show him. First he just said, Buntalia City. Who? Yeah, I'm all. They can't win you know what he is. When are people going to realize this? This is a sport show. It's nothing else. Absolutely. Nothing exists outside the gay world of sport. He invited me to pay me to Google and in my event. This here is a show from an abutment. Like there's Millie Bass and Chaps. You stole the pizza? Huh? You stole the pizza? I didn't want to take it off. You stole the pizza? I don't be ridiculous. You stole the pizza? I don't know where to talk about. I don't know where to talk about. Do the pizza? I didn't steal the pizza? I didn't steal the pizza? No, I did not steal the pizza. Do the pizza? How she heard it? I ain't no buy by going? Do the pizza? I did not steal the pizza. I just the call. I don't know where you are. You only had one slice. They're okay. So was a whole buy? Who cares? Those bums I know power. I was hungry. I check her price a lot too. There was no back up round. Just don't taste the same without the duck to brown. That's rude. And that's my own sanity. Good night. Because my ass. This is real rubbish. This is five pieces. You press the... A rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat, I know who. One new action. Said I'd like to know who. One new action. Count the boat. Count the boat, baby. Count the boat. Count the boat. All up. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. All up. And the sense this presidential race began. Five often wondered who was going to win. Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting show. So count up all the ballots and find out who's got them more. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes. You'll catch with your cannons. Oh. So I'd like to know who. One new action. Said I'd like to know who. One new action. Count the boat. Count the boat. Baby. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. Baby. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. The final tabulation started coming in. Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10. Some may repeat for all the given of punch. They said they were confused and didn't know which hole to punch. Crack them. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes. You'll catch with your cannons. You'll ferry. So I'd like to know who. One new action. All right. So I'd like to know who. One new action. All right. No apology. Every much money. I'd like to know. One new action. I would like to know who. One new action. Count the boats. Count the boat.�데. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat. Count the boat.one annup to push. Count the boat. Een Sullivan. One annup. One annup to push. I've heard. All the second half. At least it's a league right now. It's a pretty close race with Hurricane Andrew. But one thing they both blew big time. Up to that. The 2000s Chad, the Hanging Shadow election. The first one. The one that can't turn Harris and the your Fed S Governor helped the old old War. The Texas and your Army knew one. Don't worry about it. And of course those old Jews and Palm Beach County. Some of them probably are dead by now because got punished them for voting for Packed. Because they're too stupid. No, how to vote to know where to punch it. Just keep that in mind. Okay. The whole course of human history has been turned around by a bunch of senior idiots of It's cemetery of illism was prom evoted for Packed. You can't take a neighborhood for our gore. Although we're in a different country. They would have still come up with the extra votes. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. First they had the supreme on their side. If you have to supreme on your side, you're okay. Now let's see. The first poll we did today. Which applies to you. The very probably most important poll we ever had on the show. The body washful. I would say so. Six hundred sixteen votes. Meal. I share with so 340. Meal. I share with body wash with squeegean with 13. Dump the soap. Okay. Don't drop it. Just toss it out. Meal. I share with body wash. But no squeegee. That's me. No squeegee yet. Use it once. And he washed all the masculine. Every scale of masculinity off of his body. Where you said squeegee with a washcloth too. Yeah. Okay. Well then. How many? Or using a washcloth? Yeah. I think that looks like a lie locks. No. No. I'm against that with your hand. And for a washcloth. No, I don't use my hand. Just don't be using your hand. Anyway. I don't ever bathe 49 and we can smell it. Feetmail I share with body wash 24 and feetmail I share with so 20. So out of 660 votes we have in that poll before we change the poll deal. 44 women. It's like what is that? Eight. Whatever it is. Not even close to 10%. Not eight percent. Week. Really week. We appreciate the moment we do have all four of them. Don't exaggerate. But we don't have no women. It's QAM. What do you expect? The most traumatic time in South Florida was in our second poll. That's in the progress right now. 468 we did way over a thousand votes today. And boys, Josh, proud of that. I'm going to be really proud to get my mockery razor by vibrating a Dildo razor. What's the next one? 10. 111 per can Andrew 109. Mary, I'll bowl if 85. First we have a Cuban immigration 53. Per can will if 53. Look at that. See the connection there. McDuffie writes 26 in the early on. Saga. Probably alienator. Assolamentate 20. We're all only 21. Bye bye.