How much an ankle tell us what kind of razor uses? Yeah, that's your life. Do you like what? Track two. Track two? Yeah. Track two? Yeah. That's like a disposable meaning. Yeah. Well good. Why, gosh tells me that all this old parts we use of disposable razors and I said I said, I don't listen to rap music, I'm not going to pretend that I do. And I'm not going to pretend that I shaved with some other kind of a razor, so I can pretend to be hip and young and, you know, What are you supposed to use? Oh, who now knows the, the Gillette, the Mock's Nell, Moth 3, Muck 2, with a turbo vibrator, who knows? Somebody wouldn't tell us they'll look kind of razor uses and is very ordinary lately. I don't know what's going on with your good friend. I think you turned them against us. I think you turned them against us. Who? He had quite a contact time for John's Court of S. yesterday, a two o'clock after our show or like, sure, I mean, they're after. I didn't hear about this. Yeah. Well, you have to stay tuned because I know you got a heavy duty interview coming up. And by the way, when Hank is doing his interview, can we make sure that doesn't bleed on the air? Like it usually seems to happen to do. I won't do it from here. I'll go do it in the other room. Oh, good. Good thinking. Because otherwise it bleaks. Yeah, it's like a free preview of the interview, but we're talking in stereo. Meanwhile, the county manager on today. That's what I heard. There's two sides to all of this. I'm going to have the county manager and not your close best personal friend from that organization. That's why he was on with Gillette and Bowie yesterday. Yeah. Squeaky? Well, I'm sorry. I wonder if he knows squeaky from. I don't know, but I brought up this point this morning. And the county manager agreed with me. That these people just don't know how this town works. If you want to get something done here, you don't do it that way. Can I tell you something? Yeah. I don't know about you. But I think I'd have a lot of company out there. The people of South Florida are so sick and tired of millionaire and billionaire sports owners threatening to leave. And like I said yesterday, and this is even before I knew this story about the Big Marlin press conference and the threatening for the eight million times they're going to leave. The only reason that the panther still exists, the only reason is because they had that one lucky season when they went to the finals and everybody was thrown the rats and all whipped up all the phony baloney bandwagon interpreters who've launched and jumped off. That's the only reason that Wayne got the arena built and brought her. That's the only reason the franchise didn't move way, way back then. Yeah, but he was like, there's a reason why he's a virgin leaving. It's not a sports town. It's never going to be. They can support the dolphins and the heat as long as the heat keeps going and playing well as long as they got it. And that's it. But there's another factor too. Wayne can get it. Something done in Broward County. He can. He's got the cloud. Mickey Harrison can get something done in Miami. Who is people? They're driving me crazy. He's been done. Because he's got, you know, got the right, he's been those the right people. He also puts some money into it. Yeah. But these guys, you know, they don't, and the bird just really put it. They've forgotten how fast, you know, Mayor, Mayor Weenie, Piccania there. One of his campaign promises that year was he wasn't going to make any backdoor deals with the way with the Mickey or anybody else for any arena. They're doing it. He got it on. He was already in the plan in the works. It was already in his pocket. Well, for the thing, all of a sudden, the first thing he does is he makes a backdoor deal with Mickey. They need that arena. They need a hole in the head. Well, and then he's saying, well, they're going to put more money in than anybody ever has, which is not true. They asked, how come all these so many of the other markets. They still play basketball and hockey in the same arena. How is that possible? Just like the Air Canada Center. How come the reactors can play there, release pretend to play. And at least can play in there. And there's not any problem. Well, this was an ego thing between the arena and the way. Absolutely correct. That's right. Two big fat egos. That's what I'm telling you. People are tired of that. Two big fat wallets too. If you want to take in fact, the Sun Sentals doing a pool all day, I'll be sure you must have seen you to hurt about it. 46.2% say yes. Spend the money for the stadium. We need a idea. 53.8% say no. 10s or hundreds of millions of dollars a taxpayer money is unacceptable. Let them go. We'll pack them a sandwich. How do you like that? 54% say bye bye. Yeah. See, that's the thing. Yeah. First thing you have to decide is, or to turn, do people really want baseball here? And I don't think they do. Josh Curtis wants it badly. That's his bread and butter. That's his bread and butter. That's how it's there. Huh? Maybe that's why he needs to, yeah, he needs baseball here. So he can afford to buy a track to Razor. He gets paid to Pope Dave and boring in the ribs between your pitch to people with. So he kind of goose up like him a little bit. And the Marlins win the World Series. You know, like that. That's pretty, pretty angry. Well, I don't want to see baseball leave, but I don't want to know what somebody we all know says, You don't want to live in a town that doesn't have baseball. It was baseball. Remember somebody said that's low. We lived here a long time without you. Yeah. That's right. Somehow we survived. But I heard you talked in who are you talking to about Pat Riley, I think. Yeah. About the fact that you used to go to minor league games. I remember when Sunny was managing the score or time. I was managing the Marlins when the Marlins were a minor league team. They got the Orioles my farm team. Yep. And the old man we stayed him. We used to go there all the time. Right. Slant off was the official score. And now he's dead. Yep. I can't, I wish I wouldn't ask you that the other day. It's so depressing. One of the things about getting the world is that all the people that you knew are dead. Although it's, you know, and then Pete see, Pete see a whole certain day. As I'm sitting around talking about you being dead, but nevertheless, it's as my father used to say they're going up our class. Oh great. Yeah. Well, was this out of spite? But there are ways to creatively finance stadiums through private contributions. Yeah. If you wanted to build it yourself, there's a study. Maybe we'll bring the ghost into your rhombie back. Yeah. I mean, everybody credits him, which I, I give him credit. But at the same time, he settled the family with a real like put a news around their neck. Right. And that's why they had to get rid of the stadium. 13 ball partial built between 1989 and 2001. And if they, according to this group at the University of Dayton, would increase ticket prices, corporate suites, naming rights, personal seat licenses, all those things, there's sufficient revenue to pay for the cost. So you could do it yourself. But that's not the question, though. Whether they could build it or not. The question is, is the town where you're going to support it? And now that they're having this big fire sale, you know, it's really interesting. And at a time when you're asking people to step up and if you don't build a stadium, we're going to leave. And then they're having a fire sale and then trading away everybody from the team. That's always a great thing to do. Yeah. Well, they can't afford to keep paying these players. They're all it's a little on the stupid side. Then if they can't afford it, they shouldn't have gotten the business. All these millionaire and billionaire guys who like head, you know, big dollar signs in their eyeballs. Uh, that's just the way it is. It takes your chances. Anybody that's dumb enough to invest in this sports grandchise in South Florida, because there's what they get. It's a horse and buggy team. You know that. Yep. I wish it always will be. I wish it always will be. And even those dolphin games, I still think, man, the number empty seats in that stadium lately. And I can't play with all my hurricane anymore. And that Kansas City gained the night before the weekend of the hurricane. It wasn't even any hurricane yet. And it was still thousands of empty seats. It's true. What that was he excuse for that? And the excuse being that they were four and twelve last year. And they'll be lucky to get four wins this year. And who now wants to be part of that? That's how Florida for you. Right. Yeah. I have the scoring. It gives me three teams losing their second game. You know, thought that the world came to win. And you thought that WWE 3 had started that people were dying on street corners all over the place. That mushroom clouds were forming because they lost their second game in a season. It's just, you know, a bunch of losers trying to grab on and be part of something. I look at me. I'm great. Right. Speaking of mushrooms. Yes. I hope I have some mushroom based dressing tomorrow. I hope you have a good Thanksgiving. I'm not. I'm not celebrating. Right. You're in hook and it's great. Thanks. Give me everybody. Hand my thanks. I forgot about that. No. I'm just having another day. And I'm working tomorrow. Just another day at the slot. Well, you won't be doing that. No. There will not be another day at the slots. Trust me. Not at that place. Oh, I don't know if we got time for me to tell you. I got my 30 minute call yesterday from L.A.D. Who's with the gaming and the Shicer outfit. Yeah. And I might as well talk to the ashes of my little miniature picture. It's talk to that bitch. I finally was able to bring her around to the end of the meeting. The literature they put out is wrong about when she. Oh, there's my game different. What machine you said? All right. So well, how about one. It's on a further pain. 2000. And next couple of polls. Are you telling me that it does make a difference of you lucky enough to sit down there? As opposed to one, it's not going to pay out for the next four hours. Well, you have a point. No. I got a point out right now. And I know where I like to stick it. Right. What an idiot. Right into the internet. Yeah. She says to me the most in. She's supposed to be in public relations. She says, well, what is really in the purpose? What would you like me to do? Tell you what machines are going to pay off? I said, you know something. I said, here we go again with being insulting and demeaning and talking to me like I'm a child. I said, I've been having to try to have an intelligent discussion with you. And not only are you total denial, but I even saw something. I said, you won't see me no more. Oh, happy Thanksgiving to him too. Yeah, happy Thanksgiving. No, even, of course. We're thankful. March 1st is just around the corner. We started with. We have to face his heavy duty assault. And whatever. He's just the last few days. I don't know what somebody even is a coffee or what in the deal is. But boy, he's just out of control. Really, certainly. I haven't been listening. The only good part of it is about these crossovers is now that it's now it's only 50. I don't have to take 100% out of you and me. It's like we're right. The evildoers. I'm willing to take the wrap. The daring duo. Wow, you can do it. Oh, it's Ronald Martinez. Luzilone. Have a great Thanksgiving. You don't need too much tomorrow. No, no, no. You have a good luck to have a fried. All right. Take care, Sam. You would tell you something right now when you can mark it down. If Brewered County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here. I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing that went out and did something else. Dance musicorasлючia & white music academyктia pal chin Saultower Bell Family I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. I know it's not a good thing to be a teacher. To be a teacher, in spite of your suffering and your children's suffering can't be telling your word it's not a good thing to be a teacher. Another kind of service of a teacher is a teacher. For this is a happy relationship with me Ник miners! I was at the hospital in the Yorkers. Now, I've just said the rumors we got a new sales guy in the building. Brett is at Brett Boone or Brett Summers. Brett is at Brett. And he's going to take me on man. He's not afraid to me. And he's like, how about going out and selling something? Brett instead of worrying about throwing your way to Ryan, but a big shot you are and you're going to take me on. Go and sell something. That would be a real good idea. All that away, we owe a John Court. I suppose they profuse and apology. They'll love a little solidate or Brian. Is that right? No. Now, she's still above the head in an idiot. Because I ripped her yesterday because she said Jose Padilla. And then I watched and Brian Williams on NBC News last night. And he says, he now prefers to be called Jose Padilla. How about we just call him? You're fair. How's that? OK. And I've had dropped the other charges because they can't nail him on notes. So they trumped up some new ones. And we put it over. So of course, so late, we ripped your for that. But she's still a total idiot in a bubble head. And I wish you would die. Now, here's some facts. And I see when Hank told me he used the track two. You know, is that kind of like pause there? Did he still even make the track two razor? Obviously. I'm sorry. I don't know. I don't know about that. I haven't seen a track two razor since before time. This one was a baby. Have you? No. Anyway, Jose Padilla. Get that right. He's from the Freedom Floor tiller, by the way. Jose Padilla. And he's a real killer is what they're telling us. So here's John Faction says I used to enjoy M3 power and so does my wife. I mean, he's got some other cost because sexually oriented combat. I know that I can't pass along with your choice. The galbyteway says that he doesn't understand. He says the M3, the mock 3 turbo doesn't buy bread. You're full of crap. That's what I use and it doesn't buy bread. Well, maybe you don't know where the button is. Okay, you always had a problem. No way to stick your finger. Yeah, they have to turn a button on. There's no button. There is a button. You got the mock 3 regular one. You don't have the turbo, baby. It says turbo. Well, maybe they stuck the wrong one in the box. How is that possible? Huh? I'm sure the one you have says turbo plus or something else during the break. I'll go out and get it again for the 400 time. Oh, yeah. And I'm not using that one. See, I told Josh before the show. I don't know why it didn't dawn on me sooner. He keeps telling me, well, I don't know anybody under the age of 50 or whatever. You picked, who's not an old foe who doesn't use this visible razor. And I guess what? I'm not under the age of 50. No, I'm an old foe. Maybe those younger hip-er guys across the street. Maybe they use mock, smell. But I'm an old fart. So at least I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing. How do you like that? At least I'm not using the track too. Oh, sorry, Humper. Track too. Lady facts is says, I use this disposable. And she says, how about this for how they better? South Park already beats the two that Susan, thank you very much. But we can't play that no more. Unfortunately, that would be great if we could play Mary, F. and Christmas. Yeah, we used to play it as it in time. That was before the fanciness took over the word polise. And of course, before Joyce came in. Now we do have some ratings coming up at 11.30. And the duck is running right outside because it gives him something to do. Sergio and Haley says, I'm 45 in a whole year that uses body wash and he select disposable raisers. See, I'll see you say mini trimmer for nose hairs. Ah, mini trimmer for nose hairs. Well, all I can say that is a Sergio. You're fair. Okay, let's see the break and then we'll get to the half of the yesterday's shaving polo. We got the new ugly polo. We got a kind of stuff going on. And ratings which we didn't even know about. And we got the go back today for the whole four hours. Is it? Yes. That's exciting. Because after you left yesterday, we were kind of like lost. I'm sure you're seeing me. Believe me? Not. And we'll do fine tomorrow. Because tomorrow is Thursday. And actually, I will be here. Yeah. And gosh, he'll be here and nobody else. And we'll do what I used to do on Thanksgiving. I'm trying to wonder why you used to work all those Thanksgiving's because I could take the day another day. I guess that was it. In the nice guy that I am given towards it. I just spent with his family. Those people who wants to spend with the nose. He had them never want to see again. What a guy. What a guy's right. So we'll have played a racquet play all kinds of stuff. Maybe even some requests tomorrow. But I doubt that. 1014 at 560 WQA and. Okay, today, 18. Now, here's the deal. And the reason I didn't play the a bit right there is what I'm going to do is I just saw the tracking my package in the waiting for. Yes. That was delivered. Just moments ago. And that's pretty exciting to me because there's some very important document in there. So the bottom line is I'm going to play some stuff here. Okay. That's about four and a half minutes along. If it inspires me for I come back, you can talk about me and rip me and ask. In fact, bring in bread from the sales of remedy ripping. All right. And then, or maybe I'll be back. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. And that is your character. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not percher. We do not force. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. But I think it will finish on to you. Let us just leave my message here here. That is my character. If you can think it comes from this picture then any more important information. In my opinion, I want to take the time to read my name and I book it to this package. Try again. Now, I have the little content received. So I've told you the first time I can read my name again. So I have something to read about. Maybe see, I'll just read the first time. Since I'm back to read it and then I wrote this child. AACEVER Haha We do not torture We do not torture encant Always torture Do not torture Oh yeah And we do not torture tots we do not fool For NO Four Aah I am he has a dog and so go worse football team. There are every gamblers nightmare, there are every football piece dream. They can't score any touchdowns, not even one field goal. And when you say Miami, you're still talking to a little ball of Sarah. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number coming teams in the lead very soon. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Don't set on them, you'll always lose. The Dolphins can't beat anyone, can't even beat the spread. I wish that this one party would come back from the dead. Six Haven makes some practice while he wears a soup head head. Till end up like their last head coach that loser day once that end there. But Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number coming teams in the lead in 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Time is done, Shubahababoo. Some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal strife. Their tie-in likes so word-out. By beating up his wife. And after three are criminal, the other have sun drugs. And this is what will happen when you draft up for your fugs and there are the Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number coming teams in the lead. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. They really are a mommy crew. But dolphins have no blockings. They've got no passing game. I've got just one suggestion. They ought to change their names. To the Miami tampons. And why do such a thing? They're good for just one theory. And have no secondary in there. The Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number coming teams in the lead. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. A can of fancy gins of blue. And a blue star. But dolphins have no ball of except all ones they're playing with. I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it. It doesn't matter if he never has another trophy. It seems that this team's playoff dreams have all gone up his hope. And they're up Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number coming. Miami Dolphins number coming. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Now they're blue. Okay, 1023 on back up my package. Got my replacement passport. Now I'm all set for the next 500 years. Does me, we can't talk about you now. Well, you can go ahead. I'll pretend I'm not here. Hey, it was nice to break the news to some people. I'd like to know how to shot from New York and our sales department. Actually, I happen to be one of those people in the building. Like a lot of people who are well liked by many. Not by everybody, of course. But by many. And suppose to some people are despised by. So nevertheless. Three of them have spent most of their time under Nile. Anyway, here's the result yesterday's pool. And of course, this created a tremendous stir all around the building. And I have no idea why. I mean, what the hell difference is it make when you come right down to it? Hey, kill, kill some good. Hey, no, it was a great idea. I certainly got a phenomenal response. What are you shave with? How about your finger? I'm disposable raised here's 237 out of 241 votes. 237 disposable raised here is Josh. Must be all old movies like me. That's right. Mark 3, the non-turbo 280. Oh, you know why? You can go in the other room. Let me play that little music you got. Where'd I? There you go. Or now we can talk about it. Hey, Neil, you're gay. Oh, how did they even go to the other room? I am here. And you, I can't say anything more. Mark 3 power is what this one says. The M3 power a mock 3 innovation. So this is not the mock 3 turbo. Oh, I don't know what's on the window. We just want to know what that means, right? You know what that means? That wasn't on the pole, so that's just more votes takeaway from the disposable. I see. Well, how do you like that? The mock 3, what am I assuming? I don't know. Mark's chef boy Rd man, they keep making 100 different ones. It's all the same crap, and they just put different names on it. Well, they're smart. They're making a lot of money. Mox 3, non-turbo 283, the mock 3 turbo, 224, the mock snail didn't have any yet. Electric raise your 200. Other cartridge raises one 18. I could select track 2, like the operasets. Track 2. Hey, hey, it does when I would nickers. Shit, quadro 15. And what? It's true. I'd select track 2. Now that's just 2 blade, right? So it was the one that I used the only 2 blades. Well, it's used me, but one of them is a shit quadro 50. And all fashion blade raises 29 with those sharp, select smooth blades. And shit can look and see them all really sharp. You get a slicer, slicer thumb off of that thing. It's so sharp. 3, 2, it's not enough and 4 is too many. 4 is too many. Well, how about this? Well, that's the quadro, right? Yes. I like to get that called yesterday. It was said he went on trip doing when he, which one did he use? I think it was the quadro. As if the quadro, he said, sliced off the more skin off his face and you find out how his answer or something like that. Yeah, it's quite as colorful as I was. Yeah, this, so maybe I got the wrong one. The M3 powers, after wrong one, Gillette. The one that goes like, right? Here it. Oh, and like, what a bit of a dentist. It's hungover here. It's that the right. I guess after the show, I'm going to have to go back and go back to the drugstore and hold a bunch of raises. Not that I'm doing it because any ladies trying to intimidate me, a much or guy like me in the shape and would anything. Just for an experiment. Yeah, it's good for you. It'll be like the body wash. You have like 15 different razors. Right. I got 13 different bottles of body wash on a wall and I'll have like 13 different razors. Depending on what mood I'm in the day or whatever. Yeah. I feel like I'm not going to tell my life. Oh, you got so much. We feel like, what was the word again? We're studying? Are you studying over here? Yeah, when you face the music. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When we come back, maybe Josh can tell about his encounter with the a mole mice to use today after the show. That was very shocking and surprising and disappointing too. What is it that we've done? Does there have such a, I just don't understand it. It's a radio show. And that's another thing that this Brett hot shot from New York and Sale Donut. It's a radio show, okay? I happen to be a pretty decent guy, okay? Very low key. I don't scream at how many people. I don't picture everybody except the sales of our native servant and engineering and management. But other than that. No, that's seriously. It's just, uh, this is a radio show. That's all. Who's going to show me? He's going to put me in my place. He's going to be, yeah. Go out and sell something. Then then you'll impress us, okay? Then you'll impress everybody. Go sell an account. But like I was something for real. Instead of just taking somebody else's all account and sucking the commission out of it, okay? Brett. Brett, don't. I don't. I don't think I'd be out. I finally don't care who wasn't magic boy. Thought of several movies. Now things are low, me. There's a thing that's biggest hit of all year. It shouldn't be hard. Here comes Harry Potter. You'll be right. Roll, roll, roll, roll. Roll, roll, roll in the morning. With the old Harry carry glasses. On his body, he got a life in most cars. Childhood, but tragic. So it's a dramatic thing. He can ride a through body, can drive on car. This could not be hard. Here comes Harry Potter. Oh my god. Here we go. Roll, roll, roll in the morning. Go ask his wife if he were in the morning. JKJP, who wrote a Rowling whoever that is at bitch. 231 votes under the day's pool. Now this is one we took several years ago as a matter of fact. And the reason I know that is the original list we had on at pool was a lot of people aren't even here no more. You know what I'm saying? Who is the ugliest QM personality? I figured I fit right in for Thanksgiving. I'm not really sure why. For example, D.F. was on the original pool. Joe Rose was on there. Booch on me was on the booster with the orange here. Joe Castella was on there. And Josh Friedman was also on there. I was only 36 votes. I guess that most people hadn't seen him. Of course we didn't ask who smells the worst. We asked who was the ugliest. But Hank won that pool. 273 by a pretty good margin. And in old weenie faced Joe's a geeky 137. I was there with 95 back in the day. So we had like scratch out a bunch of names from then. And add some new ones. Now let's see how we're doing right now. And also we should tell you that if you go to qm.com you can see the latest up to date pictures of all our ugly personalities. Our ugly old personalities by the way. We're old and moldy. Less than an hour till the a trans come out. And remember what I was saying about I'm not going to pay much attention to transit anymore. I lied. Well no because it'll kill some good time. This is a before Thanksgiving. You think we're going to get your calls today. qm hello. I'm gross. qm. What do you mean? The mat three. Or the good news way up. Who do you know? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I had to get with Rosa Parks used the mocks for myself. Oh my God, much no. All right. We go home now. Yeah, let's go. That was it. Woo. 37 votes. The unnies can't present out of the humpers got it so far 100. But mo is actually it's been going back and forth between the number and the molemeister 90 for the moleman. So I just got it by 10 votes. B's 40 six. That's why voted for. I could have voted for myself. But that would be self-deprecating. Me and my BDIs. Joseph Gacky 34. The orages 32. I'm right in there with Joe. George Rodriguez. It's a big drop off to Jorge only 10. George is not ugly. He's just bland looking. He looks like a generic human being. He's not a good description. Pasty and bland. And then gray by the way. So now we got it on this show. I'm getting his gray. A George 10. Lenny Martez eight. George just allowed to a dozen. Dirty dozen. Lenny's got a mad dog five. Skell these got five. He doesn't have kind of a beat. Orlando, Alcacuere's got four. Eddie Kays got three. And I don't think anybody ever sees Eddie K. Unless they go to highlight. Do they? I mean, he's like late at night. He's like the night. I know. I want to see people never seen Curtis. And that's Stevenson too. Price ran for old baldies that one and Kim Boe cameras. Go on. Everybody's got at least one vote. Out of three 54. Kind of a nice touch there. Now Josh is going to tell us in fact you couldn't done this. When if I would have been to link it in my package down there. Well, you didn't. So I didn't. Otherwise I wouldn't. Well, even it's all about that little encounter you had with our close best personal friend. Yes, there's no service to be just. I haven't got this comes from. I mean, I didn't realize it was anything special going on these days. More a buffer below the usual. And just everybody ripping each other in ass, which is part of the course, but he just, I don't know, seems to be losing touch. So what was it that he told you in 2010,000 words or less? Well, yesterday, but probably about 2015, I had to face the music. Yeah. And I was told that, you know, when he, when he leaves that you are going to have to start working because you can't do it show without him. I see. So I was 26 years before he came to the market. How to help. How much it has been hanging on and waiting? Right. Yeah. He said that because because I worked for you, he understands that I can't comment right. And I just kind of laughed about it. Yeah. So he assumes that everybody in the building, you know, shares his hatred for all or rest of us. He just isn't an aisle. And of course, I guess you'd have to be in denial. The fact that there actually are quite a few of us who like each other and seem to get along pretty well. I had no issues with Hank. I had no issues with Mad Dog and no issues with ADK. I have no issues with the big old. No, it isn't belong on the year. I had no issues with a lot of people. What? He's okay. He's the one who's five to seven in the morning. It's a good time for the big old. It's a good way for him to get his week. You know? The big old great. But the fact of the matter is that Mo is he wants to be, he's at war with the universe. He's shadow boxing the universe. I'm going to show you when, uh, you know, fine. Whatever. I don't know. I think I'm about the only one who's at least attempted. And I don't know why. I'm just stupid. Over and over again. I've tried everything. But standing on my head to try to make like a little bit of a gesture. And wasn't he the guy that said, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe my memory is wrong. Did he say I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while. A little slow learner. But Neil. I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. 18. 18. 16. I can't, you know. I, uh, I just got back from, uh, entertaining the troops in Iraq. I wasn't great to see those kids. Always a pleasure to bestow my talent upon them. They were so thrilled to see me coming around here. See for yourself how much joy I brought through their line. Thank you. I, it's great to be here in Felicia. I, uh, try a, what a town. Uh, there, there was a girl knocking on my hotel room door all night long. I finally let her out. To jump over. To not, but, uh, I want to tell you the room I have. So small. The mice are hunchbacked. Chill, chill, chill. What a crowd yet. Indeed it is. Off a little traveling music, Sammy. Chill. Nice. For not tuning me. It's quite how much I blow on the radio. I'm sorry that you're stuck at that least I can go home. So thank you. And it's for me to make it so great. There you go. I don't forget as the old cocker would say if he called and I'll sit in the trouble. Only 75 minutes till I'll frank him. Okay. I'll see. You just sent me a fact that I have no idea what this is. I was hoping you told me. Bring back the egg. Finger and no. And then there's a picture of like, I don't know what this is. And then there's another one pointing at something. Or there's a, I don't know, you see a finger in here. And then on the bottom it's got an on-off switch on something. It says finger no. Nickory yes. No gems. Oh, okay. I have no idea what that means. 2100 dead American troops by the way in Iraq. A blood bath is going on. Even though your vice president lied months ago and told him that the insurgency was waning over here. It was in its final death throws. Whatever he said. And that's what I wanted that to happen. A suicide car bomber killed 21 people in northern Iraq yesterday. After insurgency's lured police to the scene by shooting an officer. A mortar shell fired at US. Did you see the photo of that pilot a video? No. They were ducking for cover man. They were like, wow. Everybody. The suicide bomber struck on a busy commercial street in Kyrh Cook. In addition to the 21 dead. Another 24 were wounded. The latest was the attack in a wave of a suicide operation which killed more than 160 civilians in the Friday most of them sheites. And like I said, American death casualty that told now 2100. A grotesque even number and nobody still cares. At least not enough people care. Now as far as storytelling is concerned, Josh is, you know, I realize that you got to work your way into it. But you left a lot of important details out. The thing that you were asking Mo because we asked it on the ear because everybody else was Thomas. Yeah, you're right. One day shave with. So originally originally started with Orlando asking him he was in there the big go. And he basically saw it. He said, if you're if your guy, I believe it was if your guy wants to know what I shave with he can ask me himself. So that means you got to face the music book. Yeah, I see. Well, guess what? I don't really care. You know, is just for the fun of it. But of course fun is a dirty word. I guess he's been in Florida long enough. He realizes at, you know, having a little bit of fun is bad deal. I just, I don't get it. I mean, why under any circumstances would you not want to tell somebody what you shave with other than just to be a sour push. Okay. I guess that's the deal, man, with our pal. He's just a sour push and it's a hopeless situation. Personal. I have to write them off for about the 400 times. I've tried. God only knows I've tried. Not too hard lately, but nevertheless. So I got my new computer yesterday and sure that inquiry minds want to know. Thanks for getting into the trouble co-who, uh, thanks me this morning about some laptop or 2400 bucks. Hey, I got this for you. I'm not spending a lot of money for under bucks for this studio. In fact, you know, something I probably should put in a, shouldn't I put in a expense thing for this computer, I bought? Give it a thought. But I won't. This is my own studio. This is my crap. Believe me. This is like my own baby here. And I got the Hula Pack for the HP Povigian 7220, which is like a little compact computer. But it's not a baby computer. And I think it does all the stuff that even the biggest, most expensive ones are pretty much an emergency these and DVDs in the It burns, you know, it's a beautiful thing. And luckily, I got a friend who's a computer, uh, email is to that this is speciality because man set up an if we wouldn't have the router, it's a piece of cake. It's easy. But we have the router because I got this whole setup here. We got these other computers. And that's that's the cheering wood pile when you got a router. But it's, uh, come along. And thanks to Miguel's first vacation this this morning. That's a much Josh who paints himself the computer expert doesn't know too much. But Miguel, Miguel's really come through this week. You know what his boring as he is on the air. Was he yesterday or the day before day that he came through with a sales developer went back there after a tough failed. And I mean failed miserably. Miguel went back there and threatened to cut all those guys off, I guess. And all of a sudden the copy came pouring in here. Every a copy of a new piece of copy came in. And then today, uh, we're just running me through step by step this deal with my computer, a phenomenal job. I'm Miguel, if we say so ourselves, deserving of day off tomorrow. I'm Thanksgiving day. Thank you very much. So did you look at the look it up on the night you see looked up my HP. I looked it up and I thought it. It's really nifty. It's nice and it's smaller off the just, uh, the, um, the monitor sits right on top of it. So it just takes a very minimal amount of space. It's a beautiful thing. WQA and hello. Let's make no mistake about it. The closet. Oh, God. Die. Just die for Thanksgiving. Well, listen, we'll all say extra thanks to Reverend Jones and his boyfriend's die today. Just before Thanksgiving. WQA and hello. Hey, you know, uh, you can say hi to Ron with say die day in New Yeser. As you continue to compile all the scientific data. Uh, yes. Why don't we put your choices you've time to pay to our bill at WQA in parts of the valley. Included what? Who's the, uh, is? Yeah, we know what we know who knows what she looks like. Yeah, but her act of her act. Yeah, her, you say. Yeah. You see what I mean by these people are stretching it. They're trying so desperately to be. And I appreciate that to turn to be creative. They just haven't got it. You know, some people don't got it. You ain't got it, pal. Nice try. But, uh, misbye and minion miles. I don't know what she looks like. Although, uh, normal cancer is that she looks like a guy. So I really, very uncomfortable memory. I thought. But anybody, the man has a point. And there's ugly issues with her attitude in her behavior. Then probably she don't look that great in the first place. But nevertheless, don't be picking on Joyce today before Thanksgiving. Especially right around payday time. She knows Caroline, easily. 560, 560, 560 and the Verizon. So, so you had a very unpleasant and unsatisfactory, uh, encounter with the, the most honest. That's, that's a bad. Yeah, I face the music. I mean, what's the need for that? What does there have to be hostility in the hallway? You know, it's, uh, I just, I don't get it. Or an Indian bullpen where the bullpip 10. It's always hostile in there. Is it really? Yeah. Well, why is that? There you got, can't hold it in there. Nobody doesn't like can. Can't he keep the piece in there? He, you know, picks up. Of course you got Todd Keller, who was there in there. Which I don't think I've ever met him. Did I? Did I ever meet Todd? Tom? I don't, uh, Keller, her. But I need her. No, you need her. Oh, I don't think so. What about this? Some of the other people used to be in there. What was the guy's name that used to write, uh, Oh, geez, who thought he was like an intellectual? He, he'd try very hard. Is he still there? And intellectual? What they've taken? No, no, I don't have to. I don't have to. Hey, can Dave Higgins long gone. No, another guy that used to hang out in there. Well, I have no idea what these people's names are. Well, who showed? It was not anybody show. I don't think he was just working in a bullplay. It was a sports flunky intern, something. I don't know. Who knows? Roger Roy. Um, Roy Roger. Oh, that guy? Yeah. Yeah. He's gone. WDQA, I'm hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Are we guarding our door, boys? Did he make you there, Josh? Sitting next to me? Yeah. Or are you not sitting next to your butt? I'm not even. He's a much better improvement over George there. I think you said, why are George? Let's pile on George while he's not vacationed. We're from an ass man. Josh is sort of a dollar, but he's not offensive at all. And he's going pretty good. Keep it up. Well, if the Marlon's leave, maybe we can move right on in that job. What do you think? Hey, that'll be good, huh? Okay. That's a job, now. Student George will throw him in the throw him to the wolves, put him out on the beach. What is life in two kids to support? And Josh can move right in and be producer. Like a culture. I've seen a couple of those vultures that stand over your shoulder at the casino. I did have my 30-minute conversation. I told the humver that I'm not going to go into a thing about it on the year with the so-called gaming. She was pretty gamey all right with some bitch. The butt would buy and the bottom is getting. But you didn't get anywhere with that. Of course not. No, I'm practically how worst is it went along. But that's part of my, as come a, what would you like me to do? I tell you what machines are going to pay off. I said, you know, this is just insulting. I mean, you're supposed to be in customer relations. You're one of the many reasons. I will not be returning to that dump at any time in the future. I didn't even mention the fact that half of the people are smell so bad. Like death, death on two legs. I don't know what that's all about. They've been fitting it for five days. No, I, I, I, I mean, you don't know. It's just a different client. You go to falls view and agro falls, which, of course, it's a much different client. You got like a lot of honeymoon couples. A lot of young, really good looking people. I mean, really, really, really well dressed and good looking and beautiful people and agro falls. As opposed to here, you go there and say, all these, like, schmutzie people like. And they, and people that never been out of the house very much. And they don't know anything about North American etiquette. They like keep running into standing over and farting in your faith. All of these things. It's, you know, see, at least when you lose in a nice environment. You know, makes a mix of losing your ass much more like in Vegas. Yeah, it's, you know, like, yeah, it's pleasant losing your ass in Vegas. You have anything you have in a great time. They're still losing most of the time. But you have it a fine time. And they would never put up with a kind of crap there. They're the co-zons. I told her that. But I mean, but I would, but I would thank you so much. Yeah, thank you. And up here is a good lost pitch for steal somebody else's money. W2AN, hello. W2AN. W2AN. Yes, sir. I heard you doing. I just called to say, you know, maybe there's a guy that he has a sister humor. Yeah, he's, uh, how, how do, uh, a peer, reverse his face. You, you know, a peer, and he had to say to my, wait, get the company, the one, please, I have it. I already, go back to my, please, I have it. I gotta go. Oh, my god. I'm not even loving a clock yet. Holy moly, man. We've had two award winners today. That was pretty good, wasn't it? I don't know what that was. He was, uh, Ramlin about his pizza. He was, he was in a moly, imitation. He was doing a mo-off. He's pretty, a rip off. He did a mo-off. Speaking of mo-off, let's see how that pull is coming. The ugly pull. Ford ridden 74 votes on it. So far, it's not too bad considering the fact that he restruted up. I woke up in the middle of the night. I just had, you know, a distinguishing computer and all this other stuff. And about 3.30 in a morning, I came in here. I thought, well, as long as I got up to, uh, take a little a leak. I'm going to come in and I'll put the new pull on. Yeah. Well, so I came in and I did the only problem as you couldn't vote on it. And what time did we find to get that straight out around the line? Uh, yes, something like that. So as opposed to having our usual fantastic head start on the pull. We like, uh, and I understand air feasting's happened. Yesterday he was right on top of a change that pull real fast. Today he's making up for it. Who is the ugliest QN personality for 19 votes? The hump or Hank Goldberg, 122, Moh Howard David and 107. That seems to be the battle right there. And of course, those two, you think, uh, Moh and I have our issues or Moh and Josh now. See, we're associated with this show. So automatically you're an evildoer. You do understand that. Not just with Moh either. There's certainly other forces in the building. The beast, 57. Joseph Acky 48. Yours truly only 42. Joseph Acky's got me by six little George 15. Who's getting ripped by everybody this week. That's bad. Everybody, tough, Miguel, that call us your own George out of the bus. Let me martes six, Jim Mandate six. Orlando, Elsa, where he five. Orlando's another one's kind of like, uh, generical. I mean, he just, he's just there. Gellies got five. The beat. Any K3, Christchurch, Bradford, A pair of Curtis Stevenson too. And Big Kim Bocav for a Solomon Teo, no, because they're afraid he's going to beat the crap out of it. This is evil Roger. This is 5.16. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your boy. Any questions? Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Vowage of People's Ball Story. First, it was Band-A, a bunch of lame-ass British people raising money for charity. Well, no bunch of lineings were going to make America look bad. Not when we could upcheck something like, USA for Africa. We have a lot of people. We have a lot of people. We have a lot of people. We have a lot of people. Bob Dylan is one of the many legendary artists to perform on We Are The World. He speaks here to a translator. Basically nothing says we care about hunger more than a bunch of rich cross-stars taking 15 minutes of their valuable time to sing and eat cater food. Oh, he had a food for USA for Africa. Fricking unbelievable Billy Joel would go on to fame as a drunk rider was also there. They had to shrimp wrapped in bacon thing. I don't know what they did to it. They marinated in something but man. Mmm, go ahead and take you. We lose a great. Oh, definitely. What I remember most about coming together to fight hunger in Africa was the Bavarian Mint Stoodle. Mmm, better be. Grinch Brinch seems there as well. Here he speaks through a translator. Basically we want to show the greatest that buddy comes to bringing in a bunch of jerk offs and everything together to raise money for charity, USA for ass. USA for Africa. It was all not getting food to the people who needed. And eventually getting into four people too. It's a big juicy, soft and wet-looked showbook. Hang on time, Sam. We're selling American psychococates and as soon as that money comes in we're going to feed your ass. It's 11 or 3. Let's see. Let's take another chance. We got the mole monster, my close personal buddy who will not tell us what he's saying is with him. Quite frankly we don't care. More to Mad Dog at 4 to 6 30 at the Bank at Atlantic Center. Somehow the Mad Dog at the hockey game. There's like something a little bit missing there. But nevertheless, he'll be at the Bank at Atlantic Center. Stop buying and bring him a couple of summons. I'll be going to hockey game myself. You're going tonight? I am. I'm a smaller panther wind and I we loved a panther. Let me say it again before I talk about the Marlins in the training. Let me say it again the only reason that there is still a professional hockey team and I use the term loosely in soft flota is because it had one glorious year. What all you phone is jumped on to bandwagon. What even though the name of having a peolein was two barons and a beaser and that was about it. Name you some of the other players from that team, Miguel. Yeah, yeah, beaser. Yeah. Two barons. Wait wait. I think I know. Billy Lindsay wasn't there a Scott Melon B. Scott Melon B. Very good the rat man. The captain and the rat man. Right. Okay. Oh, I'm done. Marty Stroka. Right. Ray Shepherd. Yeah. Well, we never claim to be fans in a first place. Mark, I don't beat my wife anymore. Fitzpatrick. Beezers back up. I'm going to start with our hockey stuff. When you got to begin tomorrow night. Let's say, Cliff, I thought you were full of it when you said Ron and Paul still material. But today that they mocked Thanksgiving parade didn't reconcile due that year's ago. Isn't that every year for about 100 years you bet. Anyway, happy slaughter of the Indians day says Cliff and hey, Mo got to go. Just quit. Slawed with Indians by ass. This is an honorary the Indians. They had some Indian on one of the talking edge channels here that they all grumpy and been out of the shape of our thanks to you. Just cut the crap you turkey. What's wrong with you? So tired of ordinary Indians. You know, just get with the program and cut the crap. So anyway, what I was starting to say before I asked you a really dumb question because I knew there'd be no answers. Is that the only reason we still got the team is because of that one glorious year and then the way was able to suck the people in the building that big beautiful place, Aubrey and Brown. And that's it. They're very, very empty and he'd lying about the attendance numbers tonight's attended 16,000. The way you're right. You look around is like big huge chunks of empty seats everywhere. And tomorrow in the devil's game on a mid week night, night before Thanksgiving. How many people do you think you're going to be there tomorrow? You have your own section, Jive. That's tonight. Tonight. Tonight is Wednesday. That's right. Listen, I'm so mentally disheveled from that thing with this computer yesterday. I don't even know what that day of the week it is. I gave it to Ron. No, no, no, no, no. There it is. Panther P2 at 630. It's because you guys interrupted me on a schedule. Devils in the Panthers at 7. 8K after the hockey game. So we actually have to game on QAM. We have no other hurry. Keynes stuff to put on. So we have to put the Panther game on 640 or S1800 or something like that. You don't have to farm it out. I think 435 Panther win is an order of my. I can smell it. I agree. I'm a robby. Need a Mario last got two by the way from your Panthers. Robby. And how about Eddie Joe Benoski was he there then? Or was that before his time? I don't know. I've been before Eddie. Eddie. I think he wasn't there yet. How about Joe Cerro? He was probably retired by them. We can only hope. He was kind of an Ella. That Joe Cerro just like Jose Padilla. And what is that? See, it's always a bad idea when you have people pronounce. Change away a pronounce. And look what happened to Territory alone. See, Desider's going to be Terrell. And now his futures in peril. This post will not something about that today. We really care and know. And who else? And then we got Jose Padilla who was like, Yeah, at least he was in limbo. There were no charges. Yeah, Patrick. Patrick. Patrick. Patrick. Patrick. Patrick. He worked. Yeah. Kansas City. He probably gets to see Trent Green shower naked. That's not too bad. Again, back to to the Marlins. Well, you're not in Trent Green now. Uh, you're not in Trent Green. He's okay. He's in the city quarterback. Who do you rather have? Go, forget about how he looks. Oh, that's a lot. Or Trent Green. Well, that's not a good comparison. Rosa Parks. Or Jose Padilla. Slap your wife. Siping white. Or Nifty Russell. Unable to reach the deal to build a stadium in Miami. The Marlins have been granted permission to explore. We know Casey outside South Florida. Marlins president David Samson said yesterday. David Samson little David said, we did it. Yeah, big deal. We'll pack you salami sandwich on Ryan. How do you like that? While Marlins under Jeffrey Lory would prefer to remain in South Florida, Major League Baseball is a great way to allow the team to look elsewhere. Samson said more threats. Oh, God, we're getting so used to this now. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. Okay. Leave already. I was like if your mother would love to. I'm leaving. See. Don't let the door hit you any ass in a way out. See again. Maybe not. It is very clear to us. We're not going to be a baseball stadium in Miami. Samson said. Samson said, Lori will not sell the Marlins. It will not sound an extension of meaning. Dolphin stadium beyond the 2010 season. Now, you can also see Wayne's fine figuring this too because he was going to make them an offer they couldn't refuse. And he was going to make such a great deal. And of course, that didn't happen. We'll discuss that with the Humperon Friday. Give him a chance. Give him more shots at Pockmark Wayne. Poor Wayne. You notice how he used to have the minus touch in everything. He's got it reversed now. Everything he touches turns to cramp. But we feel sorry for him. And it is a billion dollars. Oh yeah. We were not signed in a sentence. He said the Marlins, they switched off and stating runs through 2000 and 7 season. He said, we need a baseball only facility. This includes a series of one year options through 2010. Another team's list with a state of Marlins receive only percentages of concessions parking and sponsor signage. And when we say concessions, we're talking about that really crappy food of the state. And it is really bad. Why I don't know. It could be good, but it's really bad. When you agree with that, well, no comment from Josh. You got a pay for your food. Didn't you tell us that? I do. So all season long, I begged. I've pleaded only one time and that was our buddy Troy from balance for life. One time, Troy brought a feast up there for Josh and for Dave Ann boring and for Rossy and the whole gang. You know what he actually, I think he did did did did do it twice. But as he did it twice. Yeah, he did. When you ever told us about the second time, yeah, I must have forgotten trying to make me feel bad. You're trying to make me feel bad. You know, they had guilt trip. Well, I feel so bad. We're trying to start to get you guys food. I can't help it if we got a cheap OA audience out there. They always want. I don't have ever happened with the turkeys yesterday. Speaking of that. They run. I bet you that when no turkeys left over yesterday, if they had 10,000 of my ability to give it away. Oh, yeah. That was pretty gentile. And generous of the guy from power 96 to say, hey, you've never heard people. Your slippers come by to and get a turkey. Thanks, though. And thanks a lot, though. Schmendrick. The Marlins and Redyan, of course, Josh Beckett is going. And my glow is going to Boston and Carl is still goto is going to the where they treat me. Yes, the match. Oh, the match. Oh, thank God he came back here. He's owed $48 million over the final three years that he really standardized. He's on the way to the match. So the Marlins are like doing a house cleaning and they're unloading and they're saying all the threatening and all the other crap. Bye-bye. That's my feeling about it. See, not that I could cure anyway. Just, you know, the first couple of seasons, I went to a lot of games that I really enjoyed. Not really all that much. Not that much. When you're sitting in a, in any kind of a venue, would so call soft photo sports fans, you can enjoy it. Because you basically have three categories of people. You've got people who understand the game where a pleasure to be around is about 10 of them. And then you got to rest of the people who are just, Or no way, I'm not sure, I don't understand the game. And other than make a scene and be loud and just obnoxious. And that's it. And I'm wrong about that. Um, yeah, you're right. You're right. Yeah, I am. And like I said, the other day, you know, if they don't see a good fight break out, especially at an offense, just game, but any game will do, it's just, they just haven't had a good time. There can be some spectacular play on the field, which won't be happening this season, by the way for the dolphins, maybe against them. But, uh, and then like, hey, and like, what happened? But if there's a fight in this day, they're all standing and you can't see what else going on and like all hypervettelating and following at the mouth and throwing full meat beer in each other's face. It's, that's what they're there for. Come on, tomorrow, head somebody, wall. I just couldn't believe the first year that the marlins were in Venice. And I went to the first game and there are people talking to me, he said, I didn't even understand the rules. Well, he's got to go back to first base and tag up before he can run. I'm thinking, well, this is baseball. This isn't rocket time. This isn't even part-cheasy. This is baseball. A little children know the rules of baseball. What are, what you be talking about? It was really, and of course, at the hockey game for get about it. Like I won't get where the Leafs are, pumbling the Panthers and this knucklehead who sits in a row in front of me at the Mac Arena there. And the crowd, of course, a lot of Leaf fans was in December, so a lot of connox down there and they're going, go Leafs, go, go Leafs, go. And the guy says it turns around says, I think they're saying, go team, go. Go team, go. And I thought to myself, you're simple then you idiot, you're fair. God, almighty. Man, unbelievable. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, you like to leave it all? Okay, good. My answer is good. Tony, voice give it another try. Later on, see if we can get you on the longer. Doubt it. Yes, nearly. WDQAM, hello. All right, just as Jordan and Ed, talk about sports, you know, enough. Yeah, okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, up here at Spally, I'll talk about whatever I want to. I do like that, including what a jackass you are. This guy's, he's upset because you're turned around. Five, six, seven, look at that. It's 12 past the hour already. A crazy, crazy man's coming to the front of a certain man's up. He's headroom and ladies five, six. He does. All right, look. Hello, I'm Barbara Billing's lead of the Florida Marlins. I just thought you might want to know we have season tickets still on sale for 110 bucks. Why that's less than five cents for an exciting game of fishbowl. He would well buy me these when you, we got some players with cool names of season like these are Sanchez, Joe Pence, the Blau, Bad Penny, Ricky Bowens, Brother, Don Cornelius, and Sister Rose, Ryan, Dumpster, Don Knox, and Nelson Be helper. If you show off well, I guess I will too, because if you do then I've got to get up. It's 11 18 to few of them. Did I put this door about Gary Glitter on the website the other day? I don't know, because I read it. It's from the Brit Times online. Gary Glitter could face a firing squad. Oh, my. You know something? That's going to make me feel a hell of a lot better. Haven't we forced you here to crap over and over and over again? That's your one at pool by a million votes. There's tires in the wall. Here we go. Oh, for this end of the Panther one. When you buy that, the Panther's have their own version. Well, do they really? Well, well, I mean, evidently I don't recognize it because they don't score enough goals for the excitement. To generate, don't be here in that too much to see it. They don't score any goals at a time when the league is like, you know, the games are 8 to 7 and 6 to 5. And we got overtime and shootouts and all kinds of good stuff. Finally, let guys play without clutching and holding and grabbing and open up the game. So it's exciting. And the Panther's cocaine still can't score any goals. That's the sad part. Nice that I thought I can smell it. Oh, man. Because I'm going to be there. Maybe it's that frog or woman from Marty Brodur. Oh, sorry, Marty. That was a bad shot. That was bad. He's good. But he's a frog. Gary Glitter could face a firing squad. The disgrace to our faces death or years in jail of convicted of rape. Uh-oh. He's accused of raping a 12 year old girl in Vietnam. Nobody said he was just doing research. Remember that? Yeah. The girl said it would have been having sex with the 60-1 year old former glam rock star. Allegedly for five and a half towns. That's like about 10 bucks. But police in the Vietnamese resort city of Vung Tau said that it was still considered rape under the Vietnamese law. Glitter real name Paul Gad as an e-gad. Was arrested as he tried to leave Vietnam for Bangkok. Fly at Tans on yacht airport in Ho Chi Minh City on Saturday. After police started searching him and connection with the allegations about his relationships with two young teenage girls. Young. If he's in prison, a former singer will find Vietnamese girls very different from Horpio prison in Bristol, where he served two months and 99 for possessing hard course Secondary grading images of children. He was just doing research. Vietnamese girls are notorious for their squatter, harsh treatment of prisoners, and lack of attention to sanitation, hygiene and food. Even if he's not prosecuted in Vietnam, Glitter could face charges in Britain. If ever we turned under Britain's sex tourism laws, the sex offenses act of 96. A home-orchested spokeswoman said that British police could ask for the file on any sexual offense that's recognized in the country to be sent to them for consideration. We would always prefer someone who's prosecuted in the country where the offense is committed, but if not we have the part located here, she said. The country very rarely if ever executes for tourists, however, he's this is great. Prisoners in Vietnam only 12 kilograms, it's 26 and half pounds of rice or a rice substitute each month. Offer we do tonight, kilogram for matter in prison rules, as well as being made to undertake hard labor prisoners are expected to repent their crimes frequently and in writing. Begins with bamboo, canes are common as with the use of stocks and electric shocks. All right, the last one citizen to be put to death was Nian Tai Hup Slap, who held dual Canadian Vietnamese citizens in Japan 1999. In August of the year 8, Australia citizen had his death penalty community in the world of life sentence, both convicted on drug smuggling charges. And not taking your smuggling, your smuggling. And now what it will be, Joe said, your smuggling, something like that. Yeah, Joe Willey. Hey, by the way, speaking of having a willey, those ratings are going to become now. We're not, we're not all that considered. It's only a trend. It's like August September, October, right? Mondays Saturday, whatever it is. But I'm sure that there are some people in town who are trying to improve upon their, oh, oh, oh, oh, this one. This is going to reflect the huge ratings of Sydney Rosenberg. Is it steam, cramps? No, not yet. No, because we're here in some really obnoxious things about his performance so far. 493 votes are gold today is about 500. So, maybe four Thanksgiving, what do you want us to do? Are we screwed this thing up for me? 496, who is the obvious QM personality? Heck, over 147, the molemeister 124, and it's way down after that. Oh, look at that. There are all settler areas again. Sit there, rounds with Hitler. The B65, Joe's a Geki 55, the O'Rages City, George Rodriguez only 19. See, the heat yours like poison, but he don't look that bad. Not that good. Lenny Mart has 7 Jim Manit 7, Steve Gelsdien 7, or Landle the Big O is got 5 because he is really oxalid. 8k4, ended a k. First rat for his got a pair and courtesy of him said a pair and Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimber still still selling that they own. They're intimidated by him and why not. You know, he's a great guy, but when you stand next to him and you're talking, you're talking to me, you're looking straight up in a year. You know, I don't care how tall you are. Could be he could be standing next to it. And he's still looking up at him. He's just a monster in the radio industry. This is his giant. Okay, my goal today is to take 4,000 calls into Maristanks given day in Josh and I will be here working our brains out to entertain you. Thanks giving no less. And then I'm Friday. We come back now Hank and our show I guess is is it. And I know I know I'm also Friday because I see the mole monster is off tomorrow and Friday. So he won't be able to tell us what he's shaving with over the holidays. Damn. I mean, actually, you heard of extra crispy like a decurnal. This is extra surly this week. I don't know what it is. Extra surly. Two. No, it's not his me and Hank and Josh and George and Joel and everybody. The world. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. For a 36 minutes to the off-anch and show. Now we already did that before it's boring. And this is I don't think that's original guy. Is it maybe the most boring that boring old the Cocker. WQAM Hello. New God. Yes sir. You're talking about man's and stuff. You've been in the game for thirty seven minutes till the off-anch and show. Get your clock straight now you wouldn't go answer. Fans and stuff for the idiots that are in the stadiums. We had one behind us that the YouTube concert with the cell phone. The middle of the song. He said near screen. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm doing it. The last thing is the ones that they at the McAureen at the hockey games run the cell phone. Talking to somebody in the arena on the other side. And they're waving to each other and they're talking about. And while the game is going on. They're not going to be able to. Exactly. Have a happy day. And back to you. Yeah. That one game is long as I live another week or two. I'll never forget this idiot. This really Yahoo is sitting in the wrong front. I mean not a regular there. He's like a few seats down. And he's standing up. And he's waving his butt in. Meantime. The puck is in the pan and the pan through zone. There's like something life and death to my left there that I want to see. The game is going on. And I can't see it because this idiot's standing up. And he's like moving around. You know, just circulating in the way. Or a flagulating. And I said sit down. You know, because other people were young. He looks at me. He says, well, why? I said, because I want to see the game. Like, oh, Jenny, I kind of slumped down into his chair. Like, I just said, why, why are you here? Why are you here? I'd say about 80% of the people in the Mickey are we. And I've never been in it through him. But that's what I'm told. They go there to be seen by everybody else. And they spend most of their time in the out of the terrain. They're drinking a few pops. And then it's a macaroon. Half of the people are in the hallway. And of the other half were inside. They're like about a third of them on a cell phone. Why need to be seen by their friends across on the other side. They've also got their tickets for free. And by the way, boys, it's not really a good idea when you have people spending big big bucks for a season tickets to give away tickets sitting next to them. Because people, a lot of people, when we know their season tickets, they're getting really pissed off because they'd be sitting next to somebody in the lower bowl and say, oh, gee, I really enjoyed this game. I got these tickets for free. And for a 10 bucks. And they're sitting next to somebody who paid 60 or 70 bucks a pop. Not too happy about that. A not a way to win friends and influence people and get people to come back. Much less, of course, putting a competitive product on the ice. I thought this was going to be the year I was dead wrong. Just like I was running on Jose Padilla Padilla. What? You called the U.M.I.R. in the form of a tank. And they, I put the mush bird on them. That's right. I put the hex on them. No, I absolutely did not. I've been pushing it and promoting it inspired the fact that I see the way this organization has gone on the crap or steadily and slowly and surely. And all the great talents that they've unloaded. But speaking of great talent. Stop and think about it. Here's the latest bigathon. They hold a press conference at a time when the Marlins are like just they're they're they're They're they're hearing like a deforestation a de-de-de-de-de-deforestation program just cleaning off the whole team and all but we want to stadium and we're going to leave. And you can hear the chorus of people all over software. You hear the response to their threats. Bye bye. This is new Rogers. This is five. Let's那 трomивается. Either. Panther tour. How about it. One more day? Was a baseball season begin everywhere. I'll change the way this million drops is�ה Again. Always to win. It's way less than one point and the next drop of bertwentment. This one may stop if it's going. The one gets far less beşes second up in the line. It's way too much. It's going down in flames. It's way too much. It's way too much. The shame of someone who's paying for my money. I think he's lost it. The shame of the way they say inside my days. No! I want to make a prediction. October's gonna be really screwed up month in the trend. It just dawned on me. I hope that Muff isn't like deluding herself. Because it was the Wilma and Katrina month. Especially Wilma. Well, people without huh? We had coverage. No, that's not the point. There are all those people without power. And it just changes the whole dynamic of it. Now maybe you're right. Maybe a lot of people were listening all the way. We took that poll at one day. And they were like glued to the television on radio and TV. The people who didn't have power. And we came in a distant turn. Oh, that's not bad. Because we're not competing with TV. We're competing with the other radio. But nevertheless, we'll see. But I need a little technical help. I hate to do this on the air, but I don't want to wait till tomorrow. Because I'm lazy. Hey, why not? Because I got my new computer here. And you know how like when you emailing stuff like that, just working, chimp Josh? Okay. Where the hell did Josh go? Was he made a quick run? I'm right here. Oh, just the way anyway. Well, that's right. Miguel's the computer expert. And you click on, you know, you type in something like an address. And then it has the memory on it so that you next time you go in the center story, just click it and instead of typing this stuff over and over again. We're saying doing that. Why don't you have this is a new computer? It's not a memory yet. I haven't done what? You have in like if you're going to send it to Josh, do it once and then the next time. I have done that. I've already done that. Don't you think I've done that? Am I really that stupid? Well, I sound that stupid. Uh-huh. Yeah. And it's still not doing it. It's still not saving the address or mine or his. Uh-huh. Well, there's a way to do that. But that's uh, we got to walk you through a couple of steps. Uh-oh. And you don't want to do that on the air. Why not? It would kill some excellent time. That'll kill everybody. Is it complicated? Yeah. Why don't you think I can't forget? That should be like fall on the out of bed. Yeah, that's really good. Okay. Whatever you say. So what's your story? Is Muff come right in there yet? It's 1134. Yeah, yet. No. Nothing so far. Because I think they could be in for a really big disappointment because depending on the eight people who actually said their diaries back. Because that's face it. Most people during two weeks of October in South Florida were like obsessed with like trying to stay alive and get their power back on and their phone and their cable and their trees off the roof and the roof are coming out. All these other things. Correct. They fought a plunder with loot. So that might have just had an impact. I wouldn't imagine they had like a really great return during the month of October. So once we got some of our good friends out there with some white or diaries. I mean, who listened a lot. And then, of course, the people across the street. Oh, brother. As bad as they were like in July and August or September, whatever it was every month. It could be like a death now for them. Even when I prayed, said Rosenberg's theme on here now. Don't forget, 26 months till Frank and they're like dropping like a rock too. I just passed that along. Now, what were they doing during all that? Do we know? Probably not. 940? Yeah. They were carrying IOD. What if we're simultaneously? Yeah. IOD. So that's really great. So in other words, they were just splitting up the goodies there. Yeah. What they were doing. That whole chain was carrying IOD. All of Cheetel was carrying IOD. Right. So maybe IOD will go zooming through the roof and I probably have a giant. If you ever had a big September, maybe they'll have a humongous October. Woo. Well, that'd be bad. 10 days after the 911 attacks, President Bush was advised that US intelligence found no credible connection linking the attacks to the regime of Saddam Hussein or evidence-existing wicked between Saddam and the Al-Qaeda terrorist network according to a now published report. The report published yesterday in the National Journal, Side government records as well as President former officials with knowledge of the issue, the information in the story written by National Journal contributed Murray Woss, funds to an abiding administration concerned for secrecy that extended to keeping information from the Senate committee charged with investigating the matter. And one of the journal reports more compelling disclosures, Saddam has said to have you outcut as a threat rather than a potential ally. The President's daily brief for a PDB for September 21, 2001 was prepared at the request of President Bush to journal report. It was said to be eager to determine whether any linkage between 911 attacks on the Iraqi regime existed. Don't you remember that Richard Clark book and the Paul O'Neill book, you know, blame it on Iraq. Go get me some evidence. Make some up. And a considerable amount of the September 21st, PDP found its way in way longer, more detailed and CIA assessment of the likely that of an al-Qaeda Iraq connection. The journal story reports that the assessment was released to Bush, the Cheney, the National Security Advisor, Condolese, Arise, then Secretary of State Colin Powell and other senior policy makers and the Bush administration. The Senate Intelligence Committee has requested from the White House, the detailed CIA assessment, as well as the September 21st PDB and several other PDBs, as part of the committee's counseling and corridor whether the Bush administration misrepresented intelligence information in the months before to start the war with Iraq. The Bush administration so far has refused to surrender these documents. I just mentioned that in passing. Now what's coming on the facts machine? Not nobody's a step. That's what's in your head. Here's the first sheet. Oh, it's a facts. Yeah, I'm just telling you the tools, options, and tech, check the fourth box. Right. But I can sign all that complicated. Is it? I could do that during my break. Yeah, it's TV. Even I could do it. Hey, listen, I got news for I may be shameless, this was a little razor for an old coat like me. I'm a fairly computer literate, okay? Fairly, that's spectacular. But I know my way around the block. Indeed, the journal story reported, citing congressional sources, the existence of these September 21st PDB was not disclosed to the intelligence committee until the summer 2004 long after the Iraq attack. How do you like that? After September 11th, the administration insisted a connection is this between Iraq and Al Qaeda, President portion October 2002, speech in Cincinnati said the US had learned that Iraq had trained outside of members and bomb making imposants and gas and President Vice President Dick Cheney in September 2003 on eat the press. Al Qaeda was a relationship between Iraq and Al Qaeda. That stretch back through most of the United Sliers. They ought to be impeached right now. They ought to be in prison. They ought to be with Gary Glitter. All that Glitter is not old. I'll tell you that. How's those numbers coming? Nothing yet? They're coming. Oh, they're coming. And I was a happy face or ugly face. So you're going to send me the 12th post first, which means nothing. Well, that's what I would give it. No. But that's the way to warm into it, you know? But I think you're going to find some real bizarre numbers in October, so I think it's going to throw the whole thing a skew. If I can, can I say that choice? Oh, it's going to throw the whole thing out of Kyoto. It's going to make it a skew. Here comes the first page of this crap. And it's 12th-law. Here we go, boys. And girls, I totally wouldn't do these trends anymore, but I lied. Because this is fun. Because I forgot all about this. How could you forget about something so important? The only thing I remember is the Patey. Anybody ever eat a Patey candy bar? A love Patey. Really? What do you eat now? Look at that. See that? My second powers again zooming in there. Of course, I am sitting right across from Josh. That one guy said. Next to it. And then I'm sitting right now in his lap. That's why he sounds like he's out of it. That's why he can't be really skinny. But we're getting our Tony's on. We got a pizza and I got a sub here. A pizza? Uh oh. Maybe you can mend your fences there, huh? Maybe you don't have to study your way over to the above end today. Anyway, hot one, oh, five. And I'm not much change from the summer book. Six, four, six, five, then, number one, hot one, oh, five, 12 plus for the entire week. CMQ is same thing. We're not going to know change. I don't see much change anywhere. You want to know why? Because October, they probably should have smicked in. They probably threw the whole amp thing out. Power went down a little bit from number six to number seven, two bad Greg. Roddy or Mombie, oh, there we go again with those old, no speaking ways. Now they probably were all over to Hurricane Mike's think I'm adding, huh? When you think? Well, they all dreamed who's even a head like run for the hills just like they didn't Cuba. It's all books. They're big on that running, running and turning and pointing the finger when shouting. WFCG, I'm looking at them. I'm seeing magic, three, four, and a summer, three, four, and a trend, 12 plus. Where nobody cares about 12 plus. This is just time consuming. QAM, two, two, and a summer, two, five. Ah, see it 12 plus is important. Oh, yeah. This is a verometer man. And look at that cum go up. I think maybe we'll benefit from the fact that we had such outstanding coverage at least on this show. I thought we did a fine job. Everybody on this station, at least those who were talking about important stuff as opposed to ball games. Yeah, nice job, NBC. Nice job, us WINZ, 15 to 17. What happened at WIOD 12 plus did I miss them somewhere in this list? I'm sure they must be way up there. I don't see them at all. They are 14. Where does that? On the second page? Second page. Oh, yeah. 2 8 2 3, oh, and they went up a little 3. Oh, yeah. And what about Waxi? Even though this is only 12 plus, what an INZ, 1517, I said that. Don't forget, 20 minutes still fracking. Let's see. I'm looking. Look at all boy, a made a move from a 0.5 to 8.7, from number 31 to time for 27. You are doing it, you all. Maybe you're doing it. You keep talking away, man. One of these days, you'll have maybe even a 1 share overall, 12 plus. I doubt it, but it's possible. Now, what is this? You sent me these are all out of order, by the way. Remember Al Pacina, we said this whole courts out of order. You're all out of order, remember that? Al Pacina. I also mean this often, f and places out of order. That's one way to show it. You're sending me seven in a midnight. And by the way, speaking to the Marlins in September, I want to wish their numbers on a jewel. I mean, well, they had a two, two. You see that in September? Not good. So, yeah, I mean, we've been looking at Cal for a long time, but even El C. The Borden Cal finally gets tired after a while, just the Marlins thing comes to you come. So, I hope that they stay so jog keeps his scam going. You got a couple more years. Okay. After that, you'll have George, you'll have George Javals, he abandoned his family, and disappears. George is kind of got one of these days, so go up into 100, this game tower, and what I, you know, the rifle and start just blowing people away. He just can't handle it anymore. Yeah. That's just playing. No, I don't say it's this plan. He just impresses me, knowing him as long as I have that one of these days, he's just going to snap, you know? 18 till noon at QA. I'm Papa O Park racing is back in the Simele Casting business after Wilma, featuring only Simele Casting right now, of course, but it's good news because racing fans can enjoy watching and plunging their guts out in 18 and more tracks every day starting at noon. In fact, just a few minutes, 18 minutes still fracking, 18 minutes, still Papa O Simele Casting. They're harness racing, high-light, through a by racing from all across the nation, and their conditions smoke free environment, and best of all, admission and parking are always free at Papa O Park. Please note that the Barra County fur is currently underway at Papa O Park's Simele Casting Patriots should enter the track at the main gate on race track road that's third street, and then turn left for a free parking for Simele Casting. And live racing is still scheduled for resume on Friday December 2nd, which is week from Friday, not that far away. So marked that on your counter, market on your wrist. The capital park of Blacks South Atlantic, Vorbar, and Powerline Road called 9-5-4, 9-7-2-2-1 more information visit their website at pompanopark.com. Simele Casting is back, it starts at noon today and every day at Pompino Park. This is Mew Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. Thank you, baby. I can't bear it. I'm tired of living in the other one. Two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, for Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, two Lowe's and House. Two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus and two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, and two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus, two Rosenhaus. Money, money, who's done more for the Chinese community? Charlie Chan? A Ralph Machio. It's done more for the white community. We'll have it in the beginning. For the South Carolina game, Pax. Alright, who's done more for the Jewish community? Moisha Diane? Or Diane Cannon? Ah, come on, give it a call. Who's done more for the Indians? At Ains? Or Edward Wooden? Ah, who's done more for the topans? Say, Rosenhaus and Felvin? Or Molly Boyd? Who's done more for the woman? Intel? Or Las Vegas? Come on, I'm all you need to ask. Who's the rest? That's a hands off me. Who is more susceptible? Me? Or Las Vegas? Who's the two? I'm not a slave. No, I don't understand. I hate this place. I'm not a slave. The medication doesn't work. I'm not a slave. Come on, it's still not a QA. And we got to mold my story too. I'm almost at the end of the roof in this book. You know, it must have been that two to three hour. I'm going to see it four hour. That's like Gustav 3 to 7 a half. And we've been in the manbo. Oh, right. Wow. Look at the way they went zooming up there in men. We are state flat in men. And tomorrow I think we're up a little bit. I'll take it in a second. Anybody we need to carry on? Again, we didn't have a really good month. And I told him that. Did I have to over? You said that. I told him that. And you knew it because two were two at least. At least two weeks of the month. They were all like, you know, I owed the unit. And they were all like a TV on radio. And the time took. I told you, Tommy, we had to stop on it. That's where it was at. We should have been silent. I'm almost casting all that TV stuff all along. Instead of me being on here. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Get ice over here. Get water over there. Yeah. I think that was, we should have had some time off them. Just I'm a fan of the TV. That went a bit smart programming. But then again, when was QAM over known for smart programming? The only good news out of this is we really don't care how we do. It's important that the people across the street feel badly. They are. What are you chopping about? That happens. Now, let me take all these 12 plus numbers and put them on the floor. There's nobody cares about those. I'll do any fabulous job of stapling everything together here. You wouldn't believe the assembly line project I got going. It's such a beautiful thing. Just a fan, fantastic job. Let's see. Look at that waxed. They're making a little bit of a move. Now, like a tenth of a point here and about two tenths of a point there. They are doing it right beyond the big. Oh, man. Here you go, man. Everybody wants men. Let's take a puke at this, okay? Six to 10 a.m. men in the trend in the July August September. When I was a kid, I was a kid. I was a kid. I was a kid. Top 105 man zooming through the roof. As the great philosopher Mark Twain once said, he says, Schwartz, Velt, man, look at that hot 105 from a 75 to an 8 point. That is incredible. W.S. D.J. is second. A lot of your mom D. And again, this is 18 plus and includes all the old kuts man. People even older than me. Your boy did pretty well in the voting, by the way. And Rika. And Rika. Running from there? What when are you talking about? Rika Santos, your buddy from X.D.J. Oh, how do you do? 25% big deal. Big head was so forth. The very little change in some of these. W.Y.D. and a morning man, three, two, three, seven. I told you that. I said that. I have a good month. Of course. They were really, really, really successful. I had that news factor going. I suppose to QM, which is known as a sports nerd station. And a morning, they'll Hank went three, three, three, three, three, three, three, six. Although he was dropping off a really bad month. So I don't think we did all that good. In fact, Jeff, Doug probably's got a long look on his post. Too bad. I told you, though, Wilma, blame it on Wilma. And then look at that. Look at the stiff competition there. Look at Rario Swave. What about that? Two, one. Holy cow. I'm going to be beaten up by Rario Swave. Now, W.Y. and Z in a morning that's, uh, air America. And don't forget, only nine minutes still frank. And one, six to a one, eight, they're making gigantic strides. Little baby steps. They're time for twenty first, making a big move. I still don't see. Oh, there they are. Watsy. Man, 18 plus a sports station, a lead, six to ten in a morning. That includes the Joe Rosho, no less. Our good close friend. We'd like to roll out. We don't like that station. And he hates the Joe findberg like poison. They had a 1.2 in a summer book. And in the trend, they had a 1.2. But, however, in the summer, they were number 25. Now they dropped in number 26. Let's see what I'm saying. That's your return. Nishkut. 1.2. So the hopper of three three, they got a 1.2. Midday, we still are state flat, which means we had a pretty crappy month. But then again, it's Wilma. Let's play with on Wilma. CM Q FM number one. Look at that 7.4 share. They went zooming up there. And what were they doing during Wilma? I haven't. I OD number two. They were two to be in the summer five. But they're all way up to a 6.4 because of what I told you before. No question about radio bomb B. All the old green tools were like glued to the radio. Should we kill ourselves? Should we get on our rubber raft and go back home? What should we do? Q AM from a 5.3 in the summer to a 5.3. Now, but third, we dropped to 4th though. N18 plus 25.54. The log guarantee of that you'd raise life. And it will still be number one when this book is done. Son, now let's see. So we got a 5.3. Means we had a pretty lame month. What else going on here? INZ, Al Franken, 8 minutes, 2.8 in the summer to make an move. Maybe 2.9. I was almost going to sneeze right there. That would have been so perfect. 2.8 to a 2.9 from 16th to a time for a 13th. That is pretty impressive. Not. Laxi, uh oh, we're in trouble now Greg. Duff, clearance. Is clearance there? There. I would have thought that child would have been running around. Spinning around like a drail. Laxi from a 0.8 in midday to a 1.0. And just when they started making a little move and they cracked a one share, they blew up a mark in the dark Eisenberg and brought in the Sidney, Sid the kid. Not a good move all the way around, trust me. See that that's what's called panicking. You know, a total panic. Now who else am I looking for? That's about it, huh? Just them, him and us. So people care about, right? And the act, and the act, and no, no, look at this, Wildewy of D number one, that's the snitch knit, right? So I don't think he was even on. Was he during the most most of the month? It went from a 4.6 in the summer book from a second to first with a 4.8. And that's again because of Wilma. QAL, hi ever went from a 4.0. And number six tied in the summer to a tie for a second with a 4.7 in the, and that's probably your buddy, Mo from three to four. When you think? Mad Dog went through the roof in there. Now what was he doing during Wilma? Was he like doing the sports craft? He was. Well, see we should have just left, we should have left the newsy stuff to everybody else and we should have just talked with our usual craft. Whatever that is. Although I and Z and the afternoon, three, two, two, three, seven, they're making that little move, man. Baby steps, baby steps, take a little teeny tiny steps, six minutes still frankin. Waxy, all here they are. Here's your buddy, Dan LaVastude. From 25th in the summer book with a 1.4 share to 22nd, would a 1.7 share there we go. Still nobody cracking a two in men, not even close. So that's it. How about you want to see nice? We don't care about nights doing. Cause October we had no marlins. So we might, let's see. Three six, we actually went up. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Once the marlins were done, we went from a three six to a 3.7. We went from number nine to time for eighths. All right. So like I said, we'll pack you some, well, you're just some subs from Subway. I was gonna say for my me subs, but you know, that's probably a little bit too good. Well, you're just some subway. What's his name? What's the guy's name, Jason? On the subway. On the subway. Huh? Oh, Jared. Jared, that's the one. Hey Jared, you fair. Oh boy, you got a wedding ring on, but he's not fooling me. Trust me, he is just a floater. But yeah, maybe Jared can bring you by some, put some subs through a whole big sack of subs on the bus on a way out of town. I'd like to you David. You'll know it. Okay, that takes care of that. That's how we're gonna have hard in the man. Can we even do the break? Yeah, I did the break. I get so worked up about that. And it was much easier by nothing. We did not do well in October. And of course, our wedding made the alibi ahead of time. It's always a good plan, see. Make the alibi ahead of time. And say, oh, it's gonna be really bad. You know what it is, say, that's what it is. That's what I call it all. Well, how can you have like any news to anybody when you're not a new state? And then most of us are part of this. Now, seriously, what were they doing in the afternoon? Because mad dog must have just gone through the roof in there. What were we doing here? What? What was QAM doing your saying? What were we doing? We, we, we, we. You know what you said, they'd start with. We. They were named mad dog in his entourage. If the TV wasn't on it was the program. Yeah, I'm right. Right. I see. Well, that tells me absolutely nothing. What are you doing? They must have the whole day to have a new one. They must have had a new one. New on this October. Look, I'll tell you they were dropping off a really bad month. I see. I see. I'm still not done pretty good. We're just, we're just crawling along to the best we can, folks. It's all we can do. Okay, under very difficult circumstances. How many votes we got in that poll so far? See the day before Thanksgiving? 575. Who's the ugliest QAM personality? Hank Goldberg, 174. More Howard David at 150. The two of them are in a, like a death group. The beast, 68. Joseph Ganky, 65. Old Neel, 55. George, 1824. Lady Martez, seven Orlando, Alzacuyri, seven. Jim Maddog, man, it's seven. Steve Galdey, Goldstein, seven. Any KAA, six. First round for two critters, Stevenson, two. And Jim and Bocaver still has only that one during so long. The fifth is Neil Rogers. This is 516. A. More Howard David. And this portion of the Neil Rogers are in 12th one. How is it? It's growing to you by the 1112. One two people, by Dick Cedric, none for 1112. So like she's a P2. Call for me. It ends. Top, top, top, top, top. And the Goliath. Some stuff in the turkey. So the third thing, that was the biggest turkey in the head. It will soon form 26 points. Happy Thanksgiving. Top, level. I'm going to go. Why is it Thanksgiving? It's not a day. There's a prayer here. It's not. Where's the strongest pie? Quick, go. And set your trophy three. I have a summer, three, yeah, super. Six, something to spend with Alan. I'm going to turn you down through the ring of fire. I'm going in the bag. I'm going in the bag. Will egg get that, I will just get it. You can give me three. Yeah. That's crazy. I'm going in the croquet to shit. Could you help me get theGibbing Pies? Bring it in the oven. You can put all your natural burned into the oven. And was ready. I'm running crazy like another dad. It's a turkey caramel gal, but. Oh, I cooked the protein. 155, 60 happy turkey to eat. Only too much now because a lot of people die after Thanksgiving day. They go off in the corner. They just sit there with a big smile and they're push and they die. Anyway, Miguel, your information died. You were doing real well, so you got to the third part. Send cat. I have no idea what it is on the top. See how there's different paths signature. How about you pardon? Well, I'll tell him he'll do it. There's not one that says send. Yes, there is. No, it's not. It's a general spelling read to care. Do you receive? I said again, there's general there's security. There's privacy. There's content as connections. There's programs. There's advanced. There is no send. We apologize for doing this on the air. Post, but after the ratings, it ought to be an improvement. What is it? In vanner. I'm looking. I want to say send. Well, there's no send. There's probably in some old computer from, Mail it's a best piece. You're from a hundred years ago. You're a computer that's over here. Yeah, like I said, old advanced. And then there's all these things that you can check. Like, you said if you want to find one, the one that says automatically complete email addresses when composing. But it doesn't say that. But that's the way it's done. So keep searching until you find that one. Well, I'll be there. Okay, well, I'll keep searching. Okay, during the ice break, I don't want to do this on the audience's valuable time. Because we obviously can't afford any left-downs now. After that, we talked to over. So what was the effort? What did Dusty come to with some monthly with the sour look on his face? Like, I, you guys suck. He bling it all on you. Yeah, we had a five one and October I scrapped away. And there wasn't that bad. It wasn't like the end of the world. And again, well, what was the dates of Wilma? Well, maybe Wilma was like, even in November? I don't know. What was the date for Wilma? He 20 second. So I'm thinking, I'm thinking that Wilma's not even reflected in October. I think Wilma's going to be in November. I think we got some big problems. They be all though we could benefit from Wilma. Who now knows? I don't know. You know, you know, you had Katrina. Well, what did Katrina? How many people lost her power during Katrina? About 30 minutes. What did they deal with, see? Look, let's just make up a whole lot of excuses. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60, the Verizon singular wireless line. All I know is that tomorrow's Thanksgiving Friday is Friday. Keep the checks coming. It's over here, Bob. Especially a Josh McGill. He got those big, big pay checks coming. WCQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Keeps you sucked by an apple. Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. I'm buying apple. And a nice, nice mac and touch is good too. Not computer. I'm talking about an apple. You know, the ones you buy in the supermarket. Right. Nice red delicious is my favorite. What is this man talking about? All I need to do is get it set up one time and everything is just fine. It's got such a simple thing. You like your apple, right? Okay. Your big Mac. Hope you're choke on it. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, what's going on? I'm going to be deep fire. My turkey is here. But I usually be deep fire chicken. So I need some food. Okay, great. WQAM. Now, well, that big shit on October 24. Okay, thank you so much. October 24th, you said. That was close. So that certainly does not include any of this stuff because this, no, no way. So that means the will no fact. That's why this wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. So the bottom line is we didn't have that creative in October. Now, waxing on the other hand, they're really doing it. Oh, no. Not too much, Joel. Here's the fact that says, I'm a 36 year old Julio and used disposable. How do you like that? I tried all the others, including what now. Wait, what is it I want to check enable what? I don't know. I mean complete email addresses when it comes to complete mail. Okay, I don't think I saw that on there, but nevertheless, I'll find it. Well, this is two-shill past. I tried all the others including electric shabers. They're all the same crap. I switched to disposable list of years. I was top by my father, Shayba, and a regular razor. I don't know if you remember the ones where you turned the bottom of the shaber at the top opens up. Of course, those are the old fashion ones. And that's where you slip into blades. Then you get a new blade dropping in from the top. That is correct. That's older than the thusla. Then you turn the bottom and yaddi, yaddi. It says, they don't make those anymore. Now, so I use disposable. I'm sure, I hope you, that use those no more. Those are bad. Those are ones you slice ribbons out of your cheeks with. Says, yes, I use a lufan body wash. I'm still as much of a man as before. If anyone doubts it, say in front of my 64 or 32 pound cell. 385. Great shows his town. He lives in ounce or two town. Don't need tomorrow. Thanksgiving. Yeah, that might be the guy I talked about. It's going to die. PS Marlon's a pack you have a low-neigh sandwich for their trip out of you. So yeah, a lot of people feel that way. People get tired of it. Anyway, we want, we want. And like I said, this madly of the team at a time when they're begging now for new statements, shredding. That's just didn't make any sense to me. What do you think they put forward their last gas desperate, you know, attempts? And then say, OK, well, we're going to want to put up the money for one more year of losses. And if we can get a commitment in Broward or anywhere, you know, on the moon on your wayness someplace, but no, it is madly in sending everybody away. And they're going to expect it. And then they'll be conveyed. Oh, look at the bad attendance, XC's. Nobody's going to show up. And we're going to have to get out of here. Just a very sad. Keep beating the public over the head. How many QA and hello? Yes, I can't wait for a component to open. December 2. Excellent. Table 1, 2, 5 and OK, great. Good luck to you. Idiot. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You'd have some like Mr. G. I won't be there, by the way. How did you find six in the Verizon and Cigarette or Rural Slime? 70 QA and hello? No, you guys, Joanne? I'm Joanne, man. I'm Joanne. Thank you, we're in hello. Nice to meet you. Like a felon. No, when I was at a Fagget Lifeguard on the phone, I went at Brinner's shared with the Fony Brit accident. We still hate to get lost. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8. Ponds. See you to call us after the ratings are a little bit a little bit slipped off. Just like we did. What's this? Huh? So what's the use for that that means that the real hot shots are they got time to pick up the phone and get their four seconds of fame Come any QAM hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Wow All right, let's talk with you listen. I wouldn't normally talk about a sport except you just messing the mile You have the same in such a great idea. How come these guys make an 8 and 12 million dollars a year? Don't get to get around the team and guarantee the wall Right Have a good day. Okay. You must be already starting on the How the booze for tomorrow good luck to you, Pally Yeah, yeah, the players are put up their money. Yeah, the players ability of the state of Mary you go That's a novel idea man. I like it. I like it. I like it like that. Let the players do it I'm gonna do this internet thing if it's the last thing I do No, I just want to get it done I don't want to have to do because in the beginning when I started sending Eric all these stupid stories when we started this stuff on a website I would have to go back to every single one and type in a whole my address and his address and All this other crap and 16 Hebrew prayers and enough with that automatically check for it and I've the updates know No, enable initial on demand internet explorer no install on demand now enable personalized favorites menu no Forced off screen composing. No, I don't think it's on here You're a little express right? I'm a you-pern you're mailing system there. I'll look express is that what you're using? Outlook this Uh, I can't find I'll do it after the show. This is outrageous. I thought it was something I could do a quick But it would put like that it should be that easy. Yes, well, it's not It's not I like to hear I say if I had an apple here I'd probably even probably have a woman. It's the way things are going 5 670 5 60 Town 5 60 me Verizon singular wireless line how about that? Moin the mad dog baby Oh man. He must have thrown in a huge three to four hour in air although we probably didn't throw in a huge two to three I've probably just escaped off. He saved the good stuff for three to four come any QA and hello QAM How many QA and hello? I picked a choice please. Yeah, sure speaking. Oh, who's it? Yeah, yeah, oh, oh, God I'll play anything Just play anything. Yeah, please. Just play anything. No, thank you. A.M. Hello Oh, I am yes, yes, yes, good afternoon good afternoon sir You listen you was talking about that flavor way what exactly does that do you the like of my colleagues? No Not like an oven Okay, you can grill you can cook you can baste you can taste you can do whatever you want with me Where are they available Miami? You know, I'm different about Miami go just go on your computer You've got a computer of course sir. Yes, go online. Slaver wave the luxe oven It'll be the best investment you ever made you've actually cooked your turkey and there was too late now But the late Albert I'll get out of here in a few minutes. How bright on a pal you love it? We all don't have one no because it has nothing to do with Cuba 5675 667 cancer would like this thing is not really working all that well now this disconnect a little box technical problem So the last two days. Yeah, all of a sudden we can potentially in after I know what that's all about What do you mean? I'm having a lot of technical problems mister are you denying that? No, I'm not okay WCQAM hello Well a computer is died okay, I mean they don't last forever. It's not it seemed to me that you said that before the show They they don't last forever now, which is it? That's true just like the abs of the marlins They don't last forever WQAM hello Yes, sir. How's it going pal? What are the standards why did you say it's a cementer of sports stations? They can say you don't know what is to start community Stricted based on they don't support it. It never has and I don't know why they they always think the same little far out over and over you know Yeah, yeah, all man's in really tired Another thing I I One part of really like this you never play the coach of it's all in a Michael is asking a Simon run who Get you into the clip and handle it. I There's a sequence very very good. If you have a new play I didn't I didn't ask any questions. I didn't get upset Yeah, I got a lot of research. I guess what I mean I think you said well, I mean tell you something my crowd Mac friend. Oh, no, that was my buddy Jack Walsk full of cysts like that smelly guy. I was sitting next to me That must be all suit of wood vine 12 13 at five 60 WQM rich room filling sound from your iPod It's the power of the Bose sound of digital music system. It brings the music on your iPod life even charges your iPod while a place Sound in vision says you're bound to love what you hear That's because only proprietary Bose technology let's you get the most from the music on your iPod the system is friendly with iPod iPod many iPod nano and iPod with video It's sleek appearance. They're loosely blends with your iPod almost any room they core its easy to use even comes with a remote that controls the sound Doc system and basic functions if you're iPod from across the room So let the room filling sound of the Bose sound doc digital music system deliver a great new iPod experience for you Insert iPod and here what happens a great holiday gift idea experience the sound doc today at Apple best by Circumstity copy USA sharper image target or tweeter nothing could be needed than to find one at your tweeter Bitch at Kentucky Fried Chicken we want you to know that all of our poultry has been tested in the world's finest Ramritories and is absolutely a vegan bird flu free hand and help ease your mind every piece of chicken will be stamped with this picture of a little bird lying on his back It speaks thick and straight up in the air surrounded by a circle for the swans through it. This can't see that the meal You get a KFC is absolutely a V.M. Bird flu Plus for the next several weeks at every KFC We'll have medical personnel standing by and in the event someone teos over and fun of their bucket of chicken We'll be able to check them right then and there For the tax At KFC we do cholesterol right COVID 19 a QA. I'm gonna get off that computer think it's traveling Not so I just thought I had it and I didn't lost it Angelie Jolie gets Cambodian passport Speaking of people getting their passports in the email wow Holly would start Angelie Jolie as we see I thought she was still in the basement in Cambodia. Is that where she's hanging out? She received a Cambodian passport after being made a citizen of the impoverished Southeast Asian country and associate city Yesterday the Hollywood star can use it when she visits the native land of her adopted son Maddics Said Steven Wagner executive director of the Maddics Jolie project in Cambodia Maddics The project managed by the San Francisco based wild aid promotes wildlife conservation and community development and a former Cameroom Rouge guerrilla stronghold in northwestern Cambodia Wagner said the actress was ecstatic and sure less month when he entered the passport in official copy world A creaking or Cambodian citizenship at an ounce of Paul Pot Maddics was there and she showed him the passport He said it gives her a closer link a stronger bond Through liaison a 1.5 minute bucks for the project the past year And that's it Let's get around the basement see if she still is as good as you did before probably well 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 tomorrow's gonna be a real treat man just plain all that in fact tomorrow I can deal with this computer while I'm playing all the bits Instead of having to worry about these pain in the ass calls. Yeah, and we actually have a new pizza thief in the building Oh really here bad I'll do please a thief. Do you want you to take this call Q. I am hello? Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, this is Dan Rosario understand that You know it hurts with a marlin to say leave, you know I'm a parent. I have two daughters and it's a ritual for us to go to the marlin game season. He can hold her since the margins have been here And it's a shame it's really a shame the way things have turned out My daughters are gonna miss the marlins when I told them basically my younger one set of crimes It's a bad situation, but you know what will just have to put up with it Light life will go on we'll survive. I'm huh, right? We'll survive but we don't want to push them well and that's it no hard feeling That's right. Maximum sandwich wish him all well and a tongue goodbye bye bye Well, it's cute now. We got a new pizza thief. Yeah, that would be the hammer the hammer just came in But now the humpers should not be eaten no pizza, okay? Now I don't plan him for disabling whoever was standing by and allowed this to take place Pepperoni and ham for oh my god, and the day when he must be practicing for tomorrow, okay? Yeah, he must be he must be in training for Thanksgiving day grudging. Oh, well I thought I was gonna talk to him on Friday morning, but I have a feeling I ain't gonna happen no more That's bad so in order to came into the studio and then and then feed a slicer to that I'll give him a wrong eye offer to him, but you know See, that's bad changing a story food pusher food pusher bad news If I don't you know better than to be offering pizza to we got it's like a bra breath away from He walked in he walked in looking for pizza. I just showed him what a box was yeah, I heard my default Then he was looking for it too 600 30 votes on the pool who's the ugliest humor? It's good thing we didn't ask who's the fattest good god-humper and not for the pizza already We'd have please save a little for your buddy Something special on it who's the ugliest QN personality the humper 100 that was before the pizza even 1999 more Howard David in 159 most starting to fall back a bit the B 73 throws the gackie 73 yours truly only 59 I think that is our better than that George Rodriguez 25 Orlando eight that's Orlando, Alza query mad dog eight Lenny Martens seven any case seven Steve Goldstein guilty Gueldstein seven fresh rat for two courtesy and two Kimball camera one I think the reason is last we any changes Because nobody knows what they look like well a lot of people remember choice Performance with the dolphins. That was pretty ugly Okay, number 23 man. He was really something money. He went no Mark Higgs He was no delvin Williams No, Sammy Smith. He was no Sammy Smith. He was no who's the other coke snorting guy the hint for about a week from Denver. Where's that guy? Humphrey's Bobby Humphrey's WQAM hello Happy Thanksgiving and back to you did you see the video that a evangelical minister Githin's lights punched down. No, I did not see that he was on the today show this morning. He was laying his hand right guy And then he just got sucker punched right me. I well. What was it about? I don't know if they didn't say they didn't elaborate too much. I had to go to work But he just was like I said ladies hands on him when you get sucker punched right me I was laying his hands well that's what happens man like a lot of these priests that's what ought to start happening All you kids out there to priest leses hands on you and punch him right into push exactly have not a request Okay walking around and women's underwear. Oh, we haven't played that in a long long time You know for the holidays, right? Sir, thank you. No, have a great day, pal. Hey Walker texts his range. You're I bet you that's the the X-mas stuff Don't you think I would say so much huh? I would think dad and then And of course is a lot of good stuff and we can't play no more but then there's always this one You're fair 26 past no men you can smell it here and of course starting on Friday People are gonna be running did anybody get their X-boss by the way? No, no, I'm gonna wait. Why see? Well being an old fart like I am I went on God X-lacks and of course you young guys Gotta get the X-bunks right nothing sold out fast and you can say rumple skills can manage just like in a heartbeat Yes, thank though when I went to get my computer last night They had to be silent the store it said X-bots sold out went and doubted sold out don't bug us go away I just tried another maneuver there on my computer for that thing I think it's gonna work But this would be a project I knew for like weeks and months to come right when you think that would be something that would be automatic or not No, it's still their options. Yeah, I see you might not want that option well I do on it 26 past no at the 5.60 WCM. We got the mole myster the original pizza thief don't accept any Immitations more Howard David did it to two then we got mad dog from the bank Atlanta Center Who had a big trend there nice going there mad dog from four to six 30 at least I think he did did no monthly Nothing from Duffer clearance. He didn't come in like a nothing just Yeah, they didn't say that again Panters Pigu with six 30 the devil's in the panther. Stop by and say how to judge court It's not me. Hope tomorrow and stay in time because you don't want to lose that job That's right devil's had to panther seven o'clock tonight at the macaruna and with some incredibly over-priced food and then Any K after the hockey game. Yeah, the spary ports. I'm getting is that is bad as the prices of food at the macaruna used to be that they like just about It's going to just come through the roof really. Oh, yeah That's what I'm being told now you have to take for the food you eaten there, right? Of course There you get in the fed while can we not get in the fed in there for Christ? You had it up to the QM box What do you mean? I'm still gonna have to pay for food. Why why is that when I would be handed off in games man Feel cost and had that I that I would the dolphin box man catered in there We'd go in like two hours before the game. It just pig out and just mind your mind your man What's wrong with his joint? You mean to say they don't cater to the box? Well, I mean I mean, I got my little press box credential I don't know if we have I'm sure we do I don't know where it is you better go see Ray Perry and be tomorrow on the head and shoulders And tell me listen you old toad get with it. Okay. Get with a program They'd have to throw all those kind of big bucks that you're making Ray the least you can do is feed the troops in her in at box All these four underlings by the way Who was tell me yesterday about all the big bucks that Ray Perry is making just a shameful amount that he's getting out of that place What you need to see that video? Yeah, the preacher getting well, where is it? Why don't know which server you're using is for are you on Yahoo hotmail or what? I can be on anyone you want while it I think one to your Yahoo I see me from my email. I'm using them both I'll send others I can see that during the break so I'm spent a most of my time on a computer during the break The rest of it were just to fill in you know because the religious holidays. It's to fill in 28 past known a few a M. Hey shop and for shoes man is not brain surgery It's easy to find a best combination comfort fit value. They're all waiting for you at brandy shoes in pop at a beach So for your favorite style and you are size of course You'll find it at brandies all the top name brands you love like rock ports floor shine echo muffisto New balance S.A.S. and lots more and brandy's professional shoe fitters like I said I'll make sure you've got a customized fit or your favorite comfort you where we tend to ask for Arnie He'll straighten your ass out and if brandies out whatever style you pick up because they have such a humongous selection You can just about bet Ray Perry's life on it that it's in your style size on a shelf ready to slap on your feet as fat as they might be because brandies even Specialized in wide widths as well. If you have a wide one take it to brandies Brandies is worth a trip from just about anywhere in South Florida for combat style fit value and selection Think brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5 and this week is a great time to buy S.A.S. floor shot new balance and rock ports to brandies come at his week for special sensational savings or Do your shoe shopping right in their prestigious website at brandies choose that calm This is Neil Roger Disney şeh Yeah, in line in that processional step into that small confessional there but guy who's got religion I'll tell you if your sins are original if it is try playing it safer take the wine and show the way for I'm so happy to hear that you're so far away from the place where the flames of stars shine Oh, forget about your knees, they're all with your rosary, you smile your head with great respect and Chick-frying Chick-frying Chick-frying Chick-frying, take a cross on your abdomen when in Rome Do it like a Roman, our Bhameria, it's good to see you Can't let you take a time and a time and a time and a time and a time and a time and a time and a time and a time I don't know how you walked out he was eating the crust well, you're gonna be responsible you will be responsible You're gonna burn in hell for this mister. I mean speaking of burning in hell And in fact Hank is starting to pull away from mow now in a pulse and see eight-thent teacher This is a beautiful thing that McGill emailed me and we need to get to center our website Pronto time, so this needs to be on immediately. Not sooner and while you're sitting there filling your fat face with the food Thanks again to Brad over to Tony's man. He takes great care of us. Yeah, he's okay No strain no complications. No BS doesn't come in there. Shmoos in around this ends over to great food Thanks Tony and Brad whatever you name is And we're gonna get this on our website people love this. That's a bit ago. Yeah, send it to him send it over to him Just keep it through the window a well-known Oklahoma pastor was attacked Sunday We're giving the altar crawl to this church the altar call pastor Billy Joe Dirty. Oh, I love that Billy Joe Dirty of victory Christian Cedar and Tulsa was almost knocked out when 50 year old Stephen Rogers Well, for written touch during the time when people were joining the church Stephen Rogers probably long while I was As the music played without warning them and punched already in the face Before we could land in knockout blow. He was yanked away with blood pouring down his face Dirty kept on preaching and forgiving Rogers was hauled off the jail after allegedly hitting two more people including a security guard It has to not has a black eye and stitches three days after the altercation that was caught on tape No one knows where Rogers attacked already church representative say Rogers was bus to the service from a local mission After his arrest they found out there was a warrant for his arrest for violating a protective order So it's easy to violate guy instead of like saving his soul and bringing him closer to the Lord They've put you this through there and let him get punched into the post. That's bad. He turned a cheek and he turned the other cheek Well, that's what I heard what does said It's his favorite past time is turning the other way back though chic. How are we doing on the pool the Humphors pulled away since you let that cat out of the bag about there And the pizza out of the box the ugliest Q amp person I'm here realize if it wouldn't have been for our late start with a post up today We still have a shot of a thousand again and keep in our record intact for the week. We got no shot now no shot Thanks Eric for making it a very sad you want you to think Eric what a give me the information about how to do this thing with my memory Especially since I'm sitting with stuff to him even though Josh is the one I get with with which email you trying to do it with like is it your ya Who or hotmail which one in particular? It's not either one in particular it's like on that website's working chimp.com You know just to use that one as an example, but it's true with any of them you're gonna say with any of them And it shouldn't be one or the other it should be In it could be sending it from a particular email address now. Yes, okay hotmail. How's that? Okay? Well, give me a second off. Find out. You're fine. Oh, what let me go to hotmail and see what I can do Okay, you want to do I want to saw oh look at this now we starting it all thoroughly You see this is the way this is this is the way it works with this guy put on this real low key Mr. Melo Mr. Swab you know Mr. Masculinity and a many like a Question is you're starting to sound a little bit like the truth. Now. Oh, I'm surprised that you and Josh are like even Corresisting at this point Vatican with reason I played that bit which I'm getting you know side-track. I'll do these other things going on Vatican reiterate stance against homosexuals in the priesthood. I like that. Oh my god The Vatican is toughening it stand against gay candidates for the priesthood specifying in a new document That even men with transitory homosexual tendencies like Miguel must overcome their urges for least three years before and bring the clergy transitory tendencies a long-awaited instruction Do to be released next week was posted yesterday on the internet by the Italian Catholic news agency at the East a local official a church official is read that I can confirm its authenticity Ask his name up to you because the peace hasn't been published by the Vatican. He'd like to stay alive He doesn't want to turn out like the Vatican banker Conservative Roman Catholics who would be cried the gay subculture and seminaries will likely applaud the policy because it clarifies What the Vatican expects to seminary in the Arab administrators and I applauded because if there's no gay priest anymore It means there's no Catholic church Croix of the policy warned that if enforce it electly result in seminarians lying about their orientation and will decrease their already dwindling number of priests in the USA Estimates of the percentage of gays in the US seminaries in the priesthood range from 25 to 50 percent Oh, yeah, according to research done by the Reverend Donald Cousins I wonder if he's one of them kissing cousins author of the changing faith of the priesthood And of course that flies in the face of our experts from Ohio. It has been told us for years that there's no fact in the church Right the document from the Vatican's congregation for Catholic education says the church deeply respects homosexuals a lot Especially that swish guard, but it also says the candidate meant to the senator in the sacred order Is those who practice homosexuality present deeply rooted homosexual tendencies or support support so-called gay culture Those people find themselves in fact in a situation that presents a grave obstacle to a correct relationship with men and women Look at not a girl the negative consequences that can stem from the ordination of people with deeply rooted homosexual Attenties didn't say how deeply though. I mean, that's all we play by the VGZ of they how deep is your love right? Are you eating again? No, that's your sounded like you had a mouthful man. I'm done man. I ain't so yeah, but you are so how we come up with that Hotmail man. I'm looking there. You sure are there's nothing to do with hotmail or Yahoo email or Hmail or it's gonna do with that It has to do with memorizing all of these things. Don't you understand? We're keeping that in the memory, but you just don't get it. I get it if and can I continue with this? Thanks, Dury. If instead it's a case of homosexual tendencies that are merely the expression of a transitory problem For example, as in the case of an unfinished adolescence. Well, that must be what all those old pretend must be with father Gagan was just unfinished adolescence They must have ever been clearly overcome for at least three years before or nation as a deacon For many gay rights activists of etiquan's distinction between deep rooted and transitory homosexual bodies without basis for decades Now the scientific and metaphor community of said that sexual orientation is an immutable trait What's that most my call a gift from God? Said Harry Knox directed the religion faith program at the Washington-based human rights campaign foundation a Fag group this new policy causes candidates for the priesthood to be deceptive the match of nothing with the church and be about He said Vatican probrist is unsexual act of the case becoming priest are not new and I think 61 documents said almost to be barred from the priesthood, but the issue came to the 4 in 2002 with the hydabac clergy sexual abuse And that's because they can't separate pedophiles from homos and they don't want to either Anybody with a brain anybody who's honest can look at it from the outside knows all about what the conflict your It really is a good More on your ego in the case Let's get out gold steam on the phone one of these days to see if he can lose the license or at least get a suit again. What do you say come on now? You can do it 18 to one at five 16 And Miguel is pouring over his internet to try to like come up with a solution for this very And it's not like a major problem, but it's there's a way to do it to convenience problem And you think that Josh there would know how to do it so I don't have to empty brightening these damage Restes of course he's glad about that because he figures if I have to do that I'll send him a lot less stories going to take more time. Yeah, just keep trying now guess what? See you got a backward because it puts me in a really sour mood when I have to do all that so I just keep banging him out and banging him I would be surprised for Thanksgiving. They've got a lot about 700 stories on there Now, just just a few just four 500 1242 a Q and I should have be a big Readership for that. I'm Thanksgiving day anyway. What they're I'm sure Hey for years I've been telling about drug concepts and that I've used him in my homes for over 20 long amazing years and a variety of homes To clean my carpets in my upholstery all of these things to make everything look like brand new and they do it It's a miracle to drop that they do for you. They're the best carpet thing in company in the universe That they also can save you hundreds even thousands of dollars by doing other things for you Did you know that one of the best things you can do for extended life and beauty of your Oriental rug or area rug is to use a quality Underlainment or panning proper underlainment provides critical cushioning and parents getting on hard floors during the month of November Drive concepts as a spectacitor operant all ultimate patty for your Oriental or area rugs even when your homer orf is dry Concepts is the only company you need when it's time to clean those carpets upholstery even your leather furniture The difference is there's state of the art dry cleaning system not only deep cleans It leaves your carpets drying just two hours and looking just like brands fan canoe So have your home clean for the holiday season by calling dry concepts today and don't forget no scams No reports are written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a spectacular job and they'd rather than a Palm Beach is called Drag Concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web It's dry concepts.com This is real rubbish This is 5-16 Morning Americans it's pauls are based and by for news a man was scheduled to go before a firing squad for his crimes Even before his execution he was asked what he wanted for his last meal. He refused the meal Come clean play the next morning the man was brought before the firing squad when asked for his last request The man said he had none the general in charge of his execution as to him Sir you have refused your last meal and your last request is there anything you want before you die The man thought for a moment and then said music has always been an important part of my life If I could do one thing before I died Would you please allow me to say my favorite song from beginning to end without interruption? The general thought for a moment and then decided it was a reasonable request in order his men to lower their weapons I'm not to whatever up for the duration of the song and the men started 10 million bottles of beer on the wall Paul are they good thing good thing Come on it's still one at five sixty WM boy. This thing is final all like grease lightning I want to see a response on my question there. We go. I got another for you I don't know how you I don't know how you do it somebody because I think it was Eric somebody told me I'm the previous computer how to do it and you click it in one and it saves it's no matter what it is And you go to it saves the you know the effort to have it right in again everything that you email You know what I do it here with the hotmail it doesn't work when I would presume would be the easiest it's to click the two-but Click the one where it says two and then You know that that right there like if you go to compose a new message What are you talking about don't start okay the audience is they're taking a radio isn't heaming him in the toilet right now Will you stop? I've got any idea what you're talking about oh well This is got nothing to do with compose this has to do with like emailing a story don't you understand emailing a story Right and when you mail a story true somebody you write that to button and it takes you to your list of contacts No, okay, whatever you say Tampa teacher avoids prison and cleaning for having sex with 14 year olds go out boy A female teacher cleaning the gullies that it having sex with a 14 year old student avoiding prison as part of a free agreement Devil a faith 25 who looks pretty decent as matter effectively in this picture Who's sensational case made template headlines will serve three years of house arrest and seven years probation Simply really two counts of ludenus obvious battery. I didn't know she used batteries. Maybe she knows Sally Maybe she knows Josh with the nitro everything he from his razor to his Hemorrhid Tell it everything uses got to be vibrating he looks like he feels much better now the former Greco middle school reading teacher Apologize during hearing saying I've said post-possibly for my actions and she also said oh God that was good Nice you didn't know but she did event the kids had that too. I'm sure he did yeah The boy told investigators the two had sex in a classroom at the Greco school located in temple terrace near Tampa A real bunch of Yahoo's not too far from Brandon in her riverview town house and less than a vehicle with a 15 year old cousin while the cousin drove them around Murray and county. How much of the cousin was getting some peace and I rear view mirror if anybody was giving new No meaning the word rear black dome view bastard turned them into did he yeah was his dad in here. Yeah Cuz the cousin talk the boy told him that that's probably because he was getting any Probably out of me as hell the boy told investigators the fave told him her marriage wasn't trouble She was aroused by the fact that having sex with him wasn't allowed it was that forbidden fruit He said he and Lafave a newly wet at the time got to know each other Underway back from a classroom to see world in Orlando may 2004. They got to know each other If convicted at the trash could have faced up to 15 years in prison on each count They played with him was also decided to resolve similar charges pending in Miriam County Hillsborough circuit charge Wayne Timmerman said the fave will also forever lose her teaching certificate Must register with these status as a sexual predator She could play hockey and Nashville this bitch may not have any contact with children including the victim And will not be allowed to profit from these caliber story or personal appearances Prosecutor Michael Cinnacor said the unfit and family wanted to get the case over with because of the intense public and media scrutiny We're happy that the victim's family can put this case behind them He said the whole process has been very difficult and we hope they can now resume their lives After Tuesday's hearing your attorney John Fitzgibbon said the plea was a fair resolution the case asked how she felt after her Lafave said tired she's tearing it kid wore her out 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five at least that could get something to be thankful for thanksgiving anyway now, right? Yeah, he does. Yeah, they didn't go to Kathy will it sounds I hope Hank is needing any more that pizza. Please don't tell me that was only one left There was only one slice love why he was doing your favor, okay? Better than to throw it out people are starving man. Never happened W Q a and hello Daniel, I used the pink razor with the five rating. Okay good. I'm real happy for you. Probably took that so that nobody else with the somebody somebody else We know we don't we'll get to it although I really doubt that he's gonna be doing that normal Never know but I just have a feeling that we cured him of that because of all the notoriety got from B make that number on pizza teeth and the station anyway 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five 60 leave a rise in singular. Rivas line W Q a and hello Last got pinky Lee How many Q a and hello? I'm sure okay. I'm happy for you. Ryan How many Q a and hello? Yes sir happy happy holidays back to you. I don't say that you know can't be holidays man. They go in get real upset when they say Merry Christmas and happy Jesus and et cetera happy. That's right. Hey. I have a love your show and George is the best and stuff I have a question though What you think how stupid this George Bush has to get because walking in the rock doors before everybody realizes he's just an idiot Well, there's only about that would say 30% of our normal. Already so they pretty much know can you do anything worse than walking into the rock door? Hey, yeah killing 21 hundred Americans by based on lives I think his love worse than walking into a locker in fact. Maybe we just to buffoon You know there's such a thing as a level of a phone and if that was all he did people say ah, but like Gerald Ford You know he's to flopped down the stairs and couldn't walk and chew gum at the same time because he was an idiot played too much football without a helmet at Michigan stuff like that But this guy is dumb and dangerous. He's the old double V not just the buffoon part How do you like to look on his face? Yeah, when he when he was trying to open those doors and he kind of like stood there with the Alfredie Newman look and I I thought to myself You don't have to act. I mean that that's him. He's a moron And there's nothing wrong with being a moron. There's a lot more and there's millions of morons running around and loose But the problem is he's got power. He's dangerous. He's got this finger on it and the button too. I'm getting choked up just thinking about it How many Q a and hello? Is this W I No Roger W I O D he starts to say I Yes, I do like that was bad man. I cannot believe you said that There's said tell them some look under when you go quick under favorite and it automatically saves it He was looking under a thing to know to say that email address that he receives or send Yeah, well, what do you click under favorites? You go to favorite and then there it automatically saves it somehow. No, I'm not a whiz But I know that's one thing. I know that's okay. I'll tell him To go to the favorite thing. I'll never call a W I O D again. We're coming to our house and be young I've been listening. That's a long-awaited In-law's belly. See I'm going on favorites When you think Eric would have strained this up as a way of making a mens for not getting that pull working until my clock is morning Add to favorites. That's not it right now organized favorites is a links customized links free hot mail windows windows Market was when that's not it MSN I come know radio station guide. That's not it. So I click click linked under favorites and Okay, and the favorites Well and this page Cancel. No, I don't want that that's not well. What does this have to do with it? Do you think he's full of crap? I thought that was a sheet. There's not a sheet. It was a punk that was definitely a woman Yeah, I don't know female whatever it was. What do you just what differences make does it make a difference to to her? Yes, no, it does not believe me not at this stage organized favorites. That's not it is it? To create a new folder. Yeah, yeah, oh, this is just this is crap. Okay. That's not it radio station guide It definitely does not say on this list W I O D This is new This is by 16 Without a just got around and when I'm up in bulk of tickets life and all the way We'll paint and lifts around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one or two I mean I listen to the new Rogers hair and balance one or two hours more Tell me something we don't already know Mr. President Our country is a war and our government has the obligation to protect the American people Tell me something we don't All baby know Mr. President and we are aggressively doing that we are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice We are gathering information about where the terrorists may be hiding We are trying to disrupt their plots and plans anything we do to that effort any activity We can get it with him We do not torture and that wonder how much you tell the truth Sometimes it's an enemy that works and plots and plans and wash over America So you bet we will aggressively pursue Tell me something we don't all baby know Mr. President and we will do so under the war And that's why you're saying there was a administration going to reach the car We do not torture and that wonder how much you tell the truth All times we do not torture Mr. President but it's down the truth Okay, it's a minute after one at five sixty wqm happy Wednesday to you six hundred ninety one votes on the pool I had a couple emails there during the last break and I thought I bet you want us from Eric and he's reminding me how you do that thing To save those dresses, you know, yeah, they weren't well he I've talked to him in the chat and he said he talked to Eric Yes, I mean you apologize for like screwing up that thing this morning I thought here where you going for that, but okay, don't be not an Eric man He's he's probably finished doing his jury Butler on that turkey for things You know, I apologize the point he he'd be more than happy to help you just call him after the show No, I got the main coming today after the show. I got to get that out of here man. It's Wednesday He would go to lunch as opposed to say I got to have to retrain my whole schedule now Not I'm gonna go to school rushing out of here to wood buying no mal no chance You can recall here. We have it to help you really yes In other words, it's too complicated for him just to tell you well flip this and flip that Stick this and two complicated I guess just really I can't believe that you don't have to do that In other words every time you send like something you got to like rewrite the address on it The thing is you're using a lexat to do this, right? No, I'm not using a lexat. Oh, geez. You are man between you guys I thought that I was an old-turd I'll let you don't have to do that. Let's see now that it does work the same thing on Alexa by the way That's the same principle right but and smirking chimp. You don't use the lexat. It's got its own crap for emailing You follow on the same well, let me go to Alexa. It's the same principle though with lexat You've click on air and it keeps you a little man you have whoever addresses you've stuck in air and you click with everyone You want and by the big instead of re-tapping it over again What difference does it make what they're using the lexat or the other thing? Why if you don't know how to do it Oh god, please no wonder Hank doesn't want to be bothered with computers He'd rather be involved with pizza that would computers and I can't say I blame them But I'm starting to see a pattern that reminds me of my old dead friend friend fat rich, you know the denial factor Not that I'm anyone to talk eat all that ice cream. I didn't have a point of hug and I was been in it yesterday It was magnificent but it's always good to have some cinnamon around you know I got to get me a new jar of cinnamon. I thought you were off that off one. No, it's not that to keep your blood Your Lord because it tastes so good to combination with a cinnamon in the banana and that caramel in the bottom of the thing But anyway, I'm seeing the same pattern there in denial You know what the diabetes thing and Hank is like to eat in pizza there don't be eaten no pizza That crust of all the things that you can eat They probably send your blood sugar skyrocketing faster and anything else you can think of yeah, but it's real good No one is it's okay. Is it worth dying for ice cream? Maybe pizza? No. I like pizza a lot I love pizza, but his pizza worth dying for but ice cream is yes Oh yeah, fact I'm dying for some right now Now this is an ice cream free day especially with Thanksgiving tomorrow god will you know And I don't think they're gonna be serving though Thanksgiving dinners tomorrow It's not a holiday here tomorrow. Well when you had our Thanksgiving a five six seven Oh five 50 you think somebody on this audience who's a computer wizard this thing that got with a favorite stare that woman What whatever that thing was? Well, was it well what what she saying is right what they were Well, I don't know what you're doing at the smoking chip that how do you even thin any mail from there at the bottom of each story? Okay, have you ever seen the website of one of our very favorites we use many of this story today mr. Hotshot It's a bottom of the story there are two little icons one the To print and one to email the story okay? I beg your pardon. No, you don't have to go to any other story all of the stories every story on Smurking chimp.com at the very bottom in the bottom right hand corner there's two little icons Okay, one is Carl icon and we had a one is a big finger steering you in the face There's like a little print symbol. I'd like to print it out and then there's a little Like a letter thing to email it and you click on the little square a page thing there and the email form comes up and it says Send it to this but your name your email address Your who you're sending to what his email and the shoe sizes how big it is? It's aura you got it. Well, may see that log in or something what do you log in or something because I don't see that Josh is he saying something or am I just imagine you can't see it. You just imagine yeah, you can't see what The email or now you're sending me. We've heard let me say again. I saw gaslight. It was very entertaining movie Bomb and not that scene out yet every single story on the smurcling chimp. Okay, and the bottom right hand corner You will see those icons you don't see the icons you don't see the little All right, let's wait for Josh. You don't see the me there. He's looking Yeah, I see it. Okay. Yeah, and by the way how we go to the Email how we want to picture that preacher on our website is that on there? Yeah, it's on the excellent Nice he Josh is on top of it unlike Miguel who's like pretending to be a computer expert But just pop pop pop pop pop you can't see it sure to him Josh Oh my god, there it is Oklahoma pretty good. It's pulsing Surman now when I go to bed. I'm thinking I have to go back to the link to the original to see the video Or not wait hold on. What I listen to you right now They're gonna have to go back to the link to the article so you can see the video of the preacher actually getting punched out I'm trying to be helpful to the audience while these guys are like still smircling with their chimp Whatever you say 5 670 560 pound 560 and the Verizon cigarette wireless line How many Q a and hello Q a m Yeah, I told me a kneel's asking about on the computer there when he presses that icon and To send the mail always gotta do his go to the address book and that will bring up all his addresses and all of the he needs You don't have to do that He's gonna have to do that to go or he wants to go with that photograph no chance We can't figure it off them because he's done thanks, pal. No, that's all you have to do that once you've had it in the first time You're it stays there once you want you enable whatever that thing is is the thing is in the thing is I have to go to the address book every time my god is it's fasted it's like re-slighting man In fact once I enabled I'm gonna send Josh 4000 stories for tomorrow Just because I'm so frustrated about this I hate computers that whoever invented these should only croak God W 2 a m hello 2 a m hey Neil yes, sir Who look for others get out of here the comedian Rick marinas yeah Died from what? Rick marines do a Google on that. I don't believe this guy Rick marinas died Right that's what does he want five six seven oh five sixty for the holidays He said that he wants that for his Christmas present more gifts W Q a m hello For these are these are the slowest group today man. It must already be stuff in your face every time How you are trying to figure this up yeah Q a m hey How you doing okay, sir? I thought you said you went to anything I'm 790 baby keep talking about your computer. You're really helping them out. No, okay We glad you're still with us though. Thanks. W Q a m hello So I think if I can use to that punk 790's not my competition. That's the sports nerds. Okay. Hey. Yeah, I worked when I did it did one I just sent you a link And when I press and again it popped up because that's already enabled in there in that computer sink go ahead sir I'm sorry Miguel's talking to training Yeah, I will let you guys be here you were trying to say that when you put a website yet to keep having it over again Was it the worst thing you can you continue to do it's a new computer So you go to the first time you're gonna have to type them all in once you type them in the first time I would do those go to a little arrow on the bottom on the right hand side of your gester Peter's gonna let the now and you're gonna be able to get to it without a problem. Okay. Thanks. No, that's all I don't want to talk about this anymore, okay? That's all very very very sent you an email. Oh, thank God. Thank you Eric We don't Eric stop the problem. I don't want to talk about this anymore. The guys right which Stacy everybody away Computer talk is terminal man. I thought because I thought it was gonna be like a three-second ticket of course Miguel Facts as me this thing here, which is just totally wrong Very wrong. Yeah, what? Well, that was completely totally wrong. What what I sent you did you finally? What do we whether what did you finally find the icon there in the bottom of your smircling chip or not? Yes Well, stop talking about it. The audience is going into a coma They're having a fit. They're taking their arbitra and diaries and they're burning them and even about the window They're flushing them down the turret. They're calling up Joe find work and threatening those in his station By the way, thanks for calling Joel. That was in before two a.m. Hello, okay. W to Q a.m. Hello Q a.m. Any are you okay? The one to tell you the story I was in son right the other day. I'm at the Hobart You know, public this will make go in son right. Oh, man. This is my problem. It's right try to find a parking space This lady's pulling out front of me and I'm waiting basically at the curb with a main street I pull out back into the main street and this lady's human and me Ballows are born and it's looking at me like I'm creating it now is this speed limit a parking lot not around between five and ten miles an hour But I roll down the window and look at her go slow down you back pig I find the space I run inside I get my things and as I'm paying the lady walked up to me She goes you think that was necessary Do you think that was necessary? You like to decorate women. I was like lady. That's what I'm a father of three daughters. I don't think great women I do great fat pig get out of my man. You miserable bitch you right you would not leave if you want to Consistent I'm like hey, I keep serious It's like insistent I'm one. I think you're gonna apologize, isn't it? I don't know what you was expecting I'm like please just get out of my time I'm yelling in son of a bitch Get out of my purse It's the world what the world's come to me. There you go. Okay. Well, we do it. You've got you for a new war 5 6 7 0 5 60 maybe she's listening right now. Let me say it again You're good you're hot you are nasty old bitch. Okay, just cut the crap and stop being anti social That's another reason not to be in Florida too much anti social behavior outrageous grotesque Tostyle you know what I'm saying? Like that that's exactly right for he sure found a right place I said no the old saying about water six its own level. He sure found it and over yet he will be here at two whatever's name is 700 a look at that we got 7 11. That's not bad. How 7 11 Like him Copenhagen. It was on every street corn. There's a 7 11 with pizza So during the break. I'm gonna like read over The Eric email and I'm gonna fix that thing and then we're gonna zip through the rest of this. How do we get sidetracked with this crap Miguel Anjazzo a An Don't Um I feel self-defense and when they should do this, me, you'll just a girl. I too, I don't see it on you. I'll spend the rest of my life finding another hard way I do. I'll give them just an eye. There you are, I'll wait and see the same thing. If you're playing this great past, the evening cross. Yes, I see you. You're fair. I'm telling you what, then thanks Jessica for giving me the cure by the way. Thanks to Eric, man, you are the best. I'll tell you the second one to deal. Was it fixed? It's working out. Is this all these experts out there? Well, go over your dress book and if it's time for the time you got to, then you can already type the dancing in again. What's the point of doing that? Well, that's why you went to the real expert. The real expert, Eric. That's right. Eric, thank you so much. Anyway, Jessica Simpson cured me a hair mullet. I was obsessed with Nicolas Shea. I always got a big hunker there, but nonetheless, did you watch the newlywed one? No, I did not. Why do you ask that? Well, you said you were obsessed. I figured that. I'm talking about when he was with 98 degrees. I'm not talking about when he was with Jessica. So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? So what does it mean? Are we talking about on the outside running inside? You see the difference? Oh, yes. By the way, If you misyyiders the story about his conscience would know yesterday, he missed a lot. How long does that come fat go on? Oh man, see this ten has 5 minutes. Langley was on the air then? In the press conference. If I was during a break. Huh? They got spots on this show? Apparently. Oh, I bet you we are trying to know that what's his name? What's the new guy that I was mail the day we are talking about this morning with Troy- oh, doesn't Troy tell us about it. Thank you out of New York, Take Tfry, kick with my ass? What's his name? I don't know. Read Rex Read. Red read. On all Howard David at 185 he's 50 behind the Humper. Joseph Gaki 86, and this in turn, the Beast 81, Neil Rogers 70 man, they don't come much earlier than me. Oh, Brett. Brett. Brett. Oh yeah, Brett like a girl named like Brett Summers. And Brett Far, who plays like a girl now. George Rodriguez 28, Orlando also query 10, Jim and it's 10. Gully Yellowstein 10. He'll be on the pants again, and I was silly as Red to your Randy. Any case got eight. Nobody has ever seen any key outside of the building. Except it's a track. Lenny Mart has seven Curtis Stevenson five. How come Curtis moved up? What's the Curtis is like, he's ugly. Trace drank for two and Kim Boe camp for his only one. Oh, they are, they're terrified. They know that well. If they vote for him, he's going to trace the vote and come to your house and just beat the stud audio. Just going to pick up that Dan Cowen from the University Dodge and he beats through your front window. Five, six, seven. Let's get a lot of these good. We've had some of the best calls we've ever had on this show today. When you say, oh, yeah. Yes. We're more on this is not that. That's why I had you look it up. I didn't believe it. Yeah. I saw that. Yeah. Saw that coming in my house away. Oh, I hear Milton Burlby too. Dominic QA and hello. I went Walmart. Okay, good. Hi. Maybe you can get together with Robert Gaper. What, it would be a good match. You know what? Chris Woodley did die. Who? Chris Woodley? Who's that? I don't know. I saw that. There was somebody in over here to be poor. People that nobody ever heard of. We put important people on here like link Ray, the missing link. WDQA and hello. Neil, I just want to tell you. Listen to you all the time. I love you. You're like too much. I love George. I love George. I love George Moore. Are you ready for this? His voice makes me hot. Really? Really? I'll say it. I'll say it. I'll say it. I really did. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six. That was really sad. Well, we got a lady on there. You know, I'm always belly aching about. We got no ladies listening. No lady colors. But then what they do call, it makes me feel so much better about life. Five, six. Well, George's voice makes her hot. George's voice quite frankly is what it is. And, in fact, George's voice is just like George. You know what I'm saying? I do. George is kind of like a non-descript look about it. I mean, he's kind of a non-descript voice. That's not a knock. I think he would agree with that. He has a non-descript voice. Well, he'll tell you he's a little guy kind of funny looking. Yeah. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, and there's that the sky miles. What's this that chad the effort that's he ever in the thought? If you're all packed in the house. What is it that big a crime in Atlanta? Yeah, go up to Atlanta and watch all the fish swim around. This is a new Roger. If you know, like Facebook, don't go to Atlanta. He's five, sixteen, two, eight, six. Five, eight, nine, seven, eight, eight. You're fair. You're some dude in sound of John John's falling. Yeah. I'll be making some good fish. You think I'm a good millionaire like Jay F. K. To the port of better play. I'll be making some good fish. You think I'm a good millionaire like Jay F. K. To the port of better play. Okay, I thought, I'd find who. A pepper double Jean and 신대 DeLeo. There's one more captain and I'll drop the Thock Philosopher from Walt Peacle Girls. No. No. Okay, I thought I'd find who. Okay, I thought, I thought, I thought thatCHey could play that blow. Good and athletic for the better play. If you're not a peep-kill guy, we're gonna die if you say, but you're a bit so make a good horse. So, excuse me. I'm so sure you'll sound like a dog saw how many things. But it's not a dog. I don't know if it's a dog or a dog. You don't sound like a dog at all and say. I don't know if it's a dog or a dog. So, I don't know if you need your father to answer today. I know we, not us. I need your father to answer. I'll apologize to a bubble head of a little solid man or Brian who said Jose Padilla, because he changed the way his name is now. Jose Padilla from me, not so free and floatilla. And also, I had a little apologize because yesterday, well, a one-collar that was about November 22nd, he didn't make himself very clear. If he would have just said today's the anniversary of the assassination of John Kennedy, I would have said, oh yeah, that's right. 1963, 37 and 5 is 43 years ago, right? Right. But he was like, but it was me, but I believe I'm just hitting the way he's talking about. So, that's the reason I played that because John John was such a bitter disappointment to the rest of us, because he's just, much to do about nothing, and I still think he was going to ask his kid. He had no Kennedy in him. A lot of ugly rumors about him too, John. I've got a lot of, let's let it lie there in the sea, you know, with him. A lot of ugly rumors. A lot of womanizing, a lot of drugs, just rumors, of course. Just like all those nasty rumors about Tom Cruise. You're fairy. What? Come out of the club. I don't believe those rumors do you? Come on. Of course. This because somebody says, You fair. That's because making so all over his case, of course. I am going to go on. I already had the South Park movie. I'm just going to watch it again all day. You can start to win the event big time. In fact, what is shame? You know what we can't play? Because that woman had caught about George. We've got that George makes me moist, but I certainly can't play that. You know that fifth? Yeah. And I'll make sure I can't play that. And the South Park stuff. Oh, man. Let me taste the cheese, guys. Yeah. I'm about to off. And well, let's see. Is this got a good belief in it? Yeah. I'm not kidding. Are you fucking kidding me? That's got a real good. Good. Yeah. You got a beautiful belief in it. That one I don't think he's got a good. Oh, and that one we can't play. George, good. Yeah. And that one can't. How about this? She's evil bitch. That's what about Joyce. Yeah. That's an especially what about Joyce. Oh, and then we always got this one. We each gave her peace me. Yeah. I mentioned that it's a hockey game tonight. Okay. Over and over again. We each gave her peace me. She found that that Marty Brodur. Yeah. And then of course, there's our favorite. You go to hell and you die. Right. Okay. I'm just being able to play that. Have yourself a very effin' Christmas. This is the second year we can't play that, right? Was it a year ago, February? Yeah. Was a year ago. Yeah. Yeah. Well, time flies when you're getting repressed. Year ago, February, we had the Janet Jackson movie, Trapped, slap, and Justin Tickerbell. And that was the excuse. All of a sudden started taking away everybody's freedom of speech. And the public said, ah, but I mean, but it would play like that. Sell them in history. So many people had so many rights taken away. And by the way, Roe V. Wade will be going by by next year. You'll see that once they get that Nazi in there. And it's like, ah, but it would be, but anyway, just floating through where's my Xbox? Where's my Xbox? Do you see the way those people were lined up like three o'clock in the morning? But I see it. How could you miss it? There were people as soon as they unloaded the trucks. They were getting, I mean, we're waiting for the trucks to arrive. Yeah. So they get, I got mine. I got mine. I showed people on the news here last night. I got mine. Well, good. Here's mine too. My first word. The fact I wish my figure had bird flu just so I could give it to him. Xbox, my ass. The leader of the largest branch of American Judaism blasted conservative religious activists in the speech over the weekend, calling them Zoats, who claim them an apaleon god, while promoting anti-game policies that can do eight off hitlers. And he happens to be, That's so illegal. Rabbi Eric Yofi presented the liberal union for reform Judaism, said religious right leaders right far right. Leave his leave unless you attend my church. Except my God instead of my sacred text, you can't be a moral person. What could be more big of it than a claim that you have an apaleon god. He said during the movement's National Assembly in Houston. Wow. The audience of five thousand responded the speech with enthusiastic applause. You go, Rabbi. Yofi did not mention evangelical Christians directly using the term religious right instead. And a separate interview, he said the phrase and covers conservative activists of all face, including those within the Jewish community. The far business Orthodox Jews he's talking about as well. He was especially strong language because a condemned conservative attitude toward homosexuals. He said he understood that traditionalists have included gay marriage, violates scripture, but said that didn't justify the nine legal protection of the same sex partners and their children. We can't forget that when Hitler came to power in 33, one of the first things that he did was to ban gay organizations. Yofi said, Yes, we can disagree about gay marriage, but there's no excuse for hate for rhetoric that fuels the health fires of anti-gay bigotry. The union for reform Judaism represents about 900 7 dogs in North America who an estimated membership of 1.5 million people of a three-layered stream of US Judaism, Orthodox and conservative of the others. It's the only one that sanctions gay ordination to court civil merge for same gender couples. Yofi said liberals and conservative share some concerns, as a potential damage to children from violent or highly sexual TV shows not the popular media, but he said overall conservatives too narrowly defined family values, making a frozen embryo in a fertility clinic more important than a child and ignoring poverty and other social ills. And once again he happened to be... Absolutely correct. One attendee, Juni Weinman of Tornier, said Cheetal Diathy was right on target and probably shop at a target, just to piss off a certain people. He reminded us of where we had things in common, and where we were different, she said. Yofi also resumed makers to model themselves on presidential candidate John Hath Kennedy, who famously told a Houston clergy group in 1960 that a president should not make policy based on his religion. Another topic, Yofi asked her former senator, to do more to hold on to members who often leave after their children go to college. He also said to be formalment, the most accepting of non-Jewish spouses, a shicza, should make greater effort to invite spouses to convert. Oh, after the religiously. Take one off if they can't refuse. It's right to take away their home entouching next forum. Even the girl likes a good home entouch. You never had one? No. Josh, have I just never had one? No. Hey listen, don't say it that way, unless you know you're missing something really good. I'm not talking about those hard little triangle ones. I'm talking about the really nice soft ones with the poppy season sign. Oh man, that good. They are really good. And I think it's in February. Next forum comes on McDamn sure that George gets it all taken care of. So many years have gone by. We've been shined with the home entouching on forum time. I would say next time, Steven, the pizza. That's the most disgusting thing. I can't believe you let him eat pizza. Come on. You're a killer. You should be doing that. That's a killer. I see him on TV. They're on ABC and the SP. I was happy. You see my good friend, the Humper. And I see him and I'm thinking to myself, any second now he's been like, I must write out that jacket man. He's bigger than life itself. He's a monster than the sports industry. You've got to stop it. You don't think that is really guy-shy's going to stop it. And more and more. And he's probably bringing him cheese blinces would like sour cream and raspberry and all kinds of crap on it. Oh, they get their howies. I don't know how he's every morning. Yeah, always hear Hank say, oh, thanks. How he's for the coffee. You know, I got a feeling he's doing more than drinking the coffee from how he's. I want to some spy reports here. I'm going to start nudging him like, it's necessary. All right. I could take care of it. If I would a nudgeet fat rich a little more, maybe he'd still be alive, but I doubt it. But you know, I tried at the track. I'd say, don't bring that whatever you do, don't bring the rules to the table. Do not bring them, okay? And then after a while, they continued bringing him aside. Before he'd get there, because I always got there first, I would take the rolls and I push him off to the side. Well, and he's going to say he had the nose for the rolls. And now he's in a box. See what I'm saying? What do you say? 65 is not old. I mean, you know, compared to me, it's old, but nevertheless, when he told me he was using the joy track too, I just about lost it. It made me feel so young. In fact, that's going to be, I may sing that to Hank on Friday. You make me feel so young. Winepi great. Good 90, Sherry. Easy. Better not talking about computer crap. 20, till 2 is speaking about young. Oh, boy. God, just a young part. Come on up to 2. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 8. 8. 9. On celebrity home here. 10. 8. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 10. 6. 9. 8. 10. 8. 26. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. the world to die. Come fresh each yellow in a chair with celebrity, folks. On the S.P. 146. I am going to appeave my guts out in a second when I read this story that I just dialed the press. Go for it. I'm printing in that right now. But if you were that, or here it is. It's coming off this temporary printer. I could also take the printer story, but I would also put you into a coma about my brother that I just brought that new brother 48 and I loved that all in one. I love the old one. I have the old installation disk. And I wasn't going to work with this with windows XT and I thought, oh, gee, but then luckily I found there was another disk. Ain't nowhere this. And anyway, wait to hear this. You will absolutely plot right around the counter. More Florida voters rate. Jeff Bush is a good governor rather than great. So so or bad. And slight more than half of her with the job he's doing. What did I tell you? I always tell you that your fat ass governor. No matter what he does, no matter how he tries to divert the world of the public, no matter what kind of shady deals he pulls, no matter how much he lies, no matter what kind of a dysfunctional phony family he's got, then he won't talk about what he opens up a mouth mouth, everybody else. He's made a tough one. 40% of pollsters from Quinnipiac University of Hamden Connecticut said that Bush's performance has been good during his 70 years compared to 15% who said he was great. 52% positive rating for your fat ass governor. That can't hurt the 31% who said he was so so. While only 15% said he was bad. And he or she was at his own city was a fat ass. Those responses were similar to results from a separate question in the game Bush. 53% of approval rating all the way this think minority of voters throughout for thought for his education economy tax situations have improved during his only a very small like five people. They also showed last week that poll released that 58% of vote of voters and that they probably or definitely would not vote for Bush if you ran for president in 2008. 58% said, ah, ah, 601% disapproved of the job that his brother president Bush was doing while only 37% approved. That's in Florida. It's significantly worse than his fat ass brother. The governor's made tax cutting a hallmark on but it would put about some of the federal education numbers not to great and etc. And nobody cares about the fact that whether it's class size, the slots, any other elections we ask that the governor continues to burning the world of the elected because he's got DBS plans and a DBS family to an DBS wife which model is crap in now. Maybe this story that had yesterday and somebody, you know, we appreciate the fact that you want to make sure all you notice and we want to thank me and all so you're not going to be there to marry me and all so you're not going to be there to marry me. I'll be here for I. Okay. But I think we all owe Miguel a vote of gratitude and thanks for getting me off these stories. Josh. Yeah. Well, I'm serious. I don't want to keep read all these damn bedtime stories, man. Oh, you're like, you're not. You're like, you're. Well, no, it's not just that but look, first of all, we're not going to save the world number one. Secondly, listen to the people that call this show. Okay. Now, do you think that those people give a crap about whether the world continues spinning around and look at all the people I'm not for Xbox. Okay. People are interested in crap and if people want crap, that just like that, what's his name, Kevin Tudor, you know, something I just, he's my mind about him. Who? Kevin Tudor, that's Phony with that book he sells and what doctors don't want to know and he has to, that's Phony guy in the infomercials. It's making billions of dollars off a gobble suffers. If he can make it more power to him. Did you buy one? I did. Yes. I only bought it because I wanted to like see and like a self-exposatacy that kind of crap that was in there. It was that, you know, it was compulsion buying. I was at the counter wall, Green's done it one day, several months ago. And there was a book was at the counter no less. You bought it for research purposes. Yeah. That's right. Just like Hustle magazine. The New York Civilivities Union is filed a federal discrimination complaint against a Catholic school charging that it unjustly fired an unmarried teacher for being pregnant. He was in a family way. He was with child. She had a bun in the oven. While these cute little things. I don't understand how religion that prides itself on forgiving and value in life could terminate me because I'm pregnant and choosing to have this baby. Michelle McCusker said Monday at a news conference to announce the suit. The 26 year old preschool teacher was fired last month from Saint Rose of Lime in Queens, according to Public Reports. The ICs have broken also with named an equal opportunity in public opportunity to have a commission of playing. This is a difficult situation for every person involved. But the school had no choice but to follow the principal of Contendingly teacher is personnel handbook. The ICs books in Frank D'Rose said the news release. The handbook says that each teacher must convey the teachings of the Catholic faith by his or her words and actions. Laws at the NYCLU, which father suit on McCusker's behalf, argue that administrators enforce the policy in a way that this proportionally affects women. Not too many guys have to leave because they're pregnant. All of the Catholic Church, you can't be. They're trying. They're trying. Like nobody told him it doesn't work. The school used their pregnancy as a marker attorney Cassandra Stubbs said, how did they determine if mail employees engage in the first time in the NYCLU is argued in such a case in 2003. The honorary director of an after school program by a Catholic attorney in Buffalo was demoted when she became pregnant. The equal employment commission found that the charity violated fair-winter discrimination laws, the NYCLU said, the charity agreed to ban discrimination based on a mayoral status or pregnancy. That's what all those Catholics priest are doing. They're trying to get pregnant after all. How can the overpopulate the world when the rest of the people are in too to fast enough job? Like Miguel, he's only got two kids so far. What are you waiting for? Let's go. Let's get with it. I'm done. Let's do like those ragheads, baby. Boy, they multiply like cockroaches. Is it incredible or what? I never realized that before. What is it supposed to be? There's like a billion Muslims in a war. If there's a billion right now by the end of the series, there'd be like 10 billion. This is new brothers. They are doing this 5. 16. 8. It's the terror in one air. Oh, oh. So as you track on into a river, feel there. The White House says, what all the food down here, be sure when a mime strike a neck, yeah, what no disrespect could have all of the stress. I'm sad, says we better watch out. He is the word of peace in the air. It's the terror in one air. Oh, oh. The government says we're prepared. And I'm sad. Listen, I'm here, but when now, I'm sad, dear, dear, dear Joe. You and I think they're a whole steak, and they're a whole steak. You and me are strong. I think that I just will ignore it. And if my life's going to ride my life, can I buy a car or a ride? Make me look. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. And I think that overwood that you and Saturday, he's got a lot of time to talk about me, but I don't get a crack or a very disgusting thing. He wants a full thing, so God said, what? I know, I have you know, I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down. And not my way to the car, but I call my phone and mess the house. I give a food condo, pay for it. But it's all mine. All right? I will. �ored noise. Great. Just like the saúde of the water here. I think that even the water really goes... But it's all mine. The water really goes and this wouldn't hurt. It might have to hurt if the room goes off. But the water tells all it goes off. And I said, NO. I said the story of the fact it's tough. Why you slaps? I'm a god of all of you spoiled old fools. I know everything is going on in that room. Why I even know all of the new Marjard rules. I've been to the giant daddy old school. So guys, there's no one's not to know. You said that is so when I take you straight. I know I ain't no way to play with you. But when they drop, I go and switch to a game. Just like you want a little surfing needle with the movement, the boat, the boat... We're going to run. They're going to run. Bye-bye!