What do you know about anything? You're just some dope sitting by the phone without a job. Hello? Ha! Ha! What was that when you said you were just a mid-eater? What does that echo on here now? I don't know. Oh, I'm hearing you want to. What's that little sound about? Today I consider myself the luckiest man on a face of the earth. Yeah, I can hear that echo, you know. We don't have Bob Scheper to talk it up though. No. Point, Bob Scheper to, you know, there. There's 140 years old, I heard him do that thing about about the moment of silence for Wellington. Yeah. The Giants can. Yep. And he doesn't sound good anymore either. You know, I mean, somebody ought to tell Bob, you know, you're great and nobody had a voice like you and you, you know, legendary, but that's it, Bob. You know, when I used to go to the press box with my father, when I was a kid, Bob Shepherd was go. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Bob Shepherd was the PA guy then. Right. And he looked old then. Well, I'll give you an example. And maybe leave gardens for about 600 years. There was a guy named Paul Morris who did the PA for the elite scams. Yeah. No, he finally went to the air Canada center. I think he did one season and then he said, OK, that's it. I'm a old man and he retired. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Do do do do do. Sometimes old guys ought to be tired. Uh, and like us? No, I'm not thinking about it. We're still doing it. Yeah. I had somebody else in mind. I don't want to get started, though, because I heard that yesterday, I ran over somebody's caves and he got really all bent out of shape. I went through a whole tire. I don't want to do that. Oh, was it the pizza story that said, well, pizza story. See, I have a suggestion because I'm sure he's listening right now because this seems to be as hobby as listening to this radio. I think he's in the York. No, he's not. He's back. He's back. You better get with it, Mr. You're not on with the schedule. No, I don't know. But the way to get people to stop talking about the average, grotesque, subhuman things that he doesn't side the building is to stop doing them. That would be a good start. Yeah. Then people wouldn't talk about them. Exactly. In other words, during a hurricane, everything you think there would be a time people trying to give each other helping hands, sharing some gas, whatever, going out and getting some food, whatever needs to be done as opposed to hijacking other people's food and then like bitching them out for a hug and it and like rushing out of the room, you know, I'm acceptable. It's an entitlement. Yeah. And Claire, I had a chat with Clarence before the show this morning. He just don't understand it. Among other things. Ted, chat with Duffy, don't understand it. See, the thing of it is, it's not Neil. It's not George. It's not Hank. It's everybody. There must be a reason for it. OK, the whole world is wrong. Look in that mirror if you can. If you can't, if you can stand it, I know I have a tough time in the morning. Look in the mirror. See if you can handle it and say, what am I doing wrong? Why can't I coexist with other people? As opposed to us, we get along with everybody. Right. I can't think of one. I'm trying to think. Well, I'm sure that's the other people in the building. Hate me like poison. Then probably you too. But as far as coexisting and getting along with them, I don't have a problem with other people. There. Yeah, I've had a, except for the incident in the parking lodge. She's not here anymore. Right. She loves me. She does. I mean, you know what I would be? Well, it's what she says. The only one I can think of was boy Giri that you had a problem with IOD. Yeah. Well, with PD's now in an. Yeah. Well, he was. Yeah, he was. Don't say it though. He thought he had a job for life. That was the best. He thought he had a job for life. All these people who are in denial. See if the whole world hates you. There must be a reason. The whole world can't be wrong. Okay? It's just like George Bush. If he's in approval raised out of 35% now. If 65% of America finally wise up in karate. They couldn't all be wrong. It's a cease. It's sinking every day like the stock. Yeah. That is correct. That's just like we got 2,000 and 35 dead Americans now and now finally after I don't I don't understand where the media has been. Where have they been all this time? Richard Clark wrote that book in Paul O'Neill wrote a book and everybody was screaming bloody murder and Scott Ritter at Hans Blixon. There's no weapons and there were any and the media didn't want to listen. I'm hearing that echo and it's going to drive me nuts. Where's that coming from? George is out of sync today. So we got all he is. We have issues. Who's working with you then? We got let's say, Shai is going to be do Shai or do we do Ash Cortes? Okay. And then we got the beast coming and so your people are coming into a pick up the load. Sure the load. Well they're good people. They're good people and they will not be stealing our pizza. I don't know what you're chuckling about. I think that there was a funny story but it was just a typical example of you know being socially incapable of coexisting with other people. You know sometimes these sports shows can and you can maneuver people on this show. And that's what I enjoy about it. You know if I want to I know how to hit the hot buttons with those university and Miami fans and just infuriate them. Oh yeah well that's easy. Yeah there's nothing easier than that. There are a bunch of real losses. Yeah. Have to people who are university and Miami fans couldn't get in there. Right. Well that's the thing that I still don't understand is that you know when they had the great seasons of what the National Championships like you said yesterday everybody jumps on the bandwagon it's as fully as as synthetic as can be and even during those years when they play like one of the girls teams on the schedule and have like 18,000 people in there like 335,000. Yeah but I can remember when they did have 18,000 people. Oh I remember when they almost folded. Right. They were going to go to division two or go out of business all together. Yeah. See how I went to school and say I'm be honest with you. I don't when their jeans are around I like to look a little bit because I know they'll choke into clutch and I know that the two pizza places and each lay and see me you were talking about. Right. I want to talk about pizza places. I was talking about satellite hamburgers. Oh satellite hamburgers that's right. Diversity driving was the place used to deliver to the dorms. Well what was the one is that you were talking about that had the real thin burgers. And they satellite. Oh yeah. What do they like the ones that you get from the local guy here? No no these were like full size. No they weren't sliders. No these weren't like the, no not sliders these were like regular burgers but very, super thin patties so you could have like 10 of them. And you know with the cheese in between these slices, they just not to choke a horse. I was looking at the horse. The two story I told about Henry's. Yeah. That was right up the road. The horse meets the horse. But they were serving horses. Yeah horse meat at Henry's burgers. And then I think I think they'll be open. I'm not too sure. That's like the rumors they say about you know in New York in Chinatown. They spread rumors about the competition talking about the, you know, when you see the guys laid at night walking around with the cats in the sacks. Yeah. Well, at least it gets them off the streets anyway. Yeah, those are the days. But like I started to say before you started with the food stuff. Yeah, I went to Michigan State and I like to see them win. But I don't, I don't watch their games for the most part. I mean if it's on, I'm at watch real maybe five, 10 minutes. Because I can avoid the evasion of them blowing the lead every week. But it's not a big deal. But people who didn't even go there, what's the point? See that's why I don't understand. If you didn't go to a university, I mean, why do you have to be such a fanatic? And it only came when they started having a great success. That's the only time those people jump on the bad way. When I had my season tickets that that origin I paid for. It's a dolphin games for several seasons. Mm-hmm. And these silly people who would sit around us, you know, and they'd come, they wouldn't have their dolphin perfinellion. They'd have their hurricanes jackets on and it caps the t-shirts. And I wonder, you know, you're at a dolphin's game. Why are you wearing this crap? And that's some of them before the game. Oh, we turned around. Hey, no, how do you like that? That canes game last night. I didn't watch you. I don't care. They should only rotten hell who cares, you know? And I guess they assume because it in Caine's baseball for six years, it's somehow the transfer of the football program. Nothing that would be further from the truth. Well, the truth is I like to see them win because I know the coaches. And, you know, I like a lot of the people that went down there. I'm trying to think of teams that I wrote harder to lose. No-to-dame, Michigan, and I think of the Caine. So those are the three teams that would hardest against. Now the anti-noder named people are starting to root for Notre Dame because it's Charlie Wise, I guess. Is that what it is? Yeah. I mean, I'm a big Patriots fan and I don't root for Notre Dame because it's Charlie Wise. I might root for him because of Brady Quinn, but that's another story. I think the Patriots might beat in the app most Monday night. Yeah. Oh, really? Yeah. I can't from your mouth to the Lord's ears. I can't believe you said that. And it beat them seven straight times. I know, but they got their still. Their defense is still pretty shaky. Yep. Pretty wobbly. But they somehow, they were all out to win that game. See, I wanted to ask you this yesterday and forgot. How is it that, you know, Teddy Brouski comes back. It's one of the great field good sports stories in a long, long time. The media's all fired up and whipped up to make it a big deal about it. The fans are foaming at the mouth. It's a home game right there in Fasero. And the team comes out and the first record is a dive game. The offense played like they were in a coma. I just don't get it. Yeah. What was that all about? I don't know because Buffalo as a team was the worst team in the league. Yeah. I've run. Right. And the way when just look flat and lay down when they were coming all the way, they had two weeks to get ready to. Right. They looked like they missed a bus to the stadium or something. And that was one of my losers this week. Really? I thought if there was a sure thing that they would just blow out Buffalo with all the emotional stuff going on. Yeah. Isn't there really a chance to beat the cool, huh? I do. 20 Peyton Manning. I think they were looking ahead last week. Now, what are all these derice of things? These rumors I'm here about. Sandy Peyton Manning. That's really a outrageous about Peyton. Yeah. I haven't heard those. Well, look, I gave you the pieces story yesterday. I think it's enough for you to handle this week. I don't want to overload your system. Okay. It's called Comerottery in the NFL. Is that what it is? Yeah. Well, that's what it's called here at QA. It's Comerottery. It's only. We just know. Yeah, we all hate one guy. We got three treats. Back off. That's what they're doing. Oh, no. I think I'm out of here. Oh, yes. Okay, we'll have a great day. You too. All the crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time. Where? Where? So, look, my dog can't help rob your dog. Should I just let him get those noise noise? I'm really curious. You got a surprise. That's exactly what you got. I'll show you the next one. I know it's noise noise. Oh, it's noise noise. Oh, it's noise noise noise. Oh, it's noise noise. Oh, it's noise noise. Oh! Oh, no. Rululu. Oh, oh no. Please. Oh. Next. Remember when you don't remember the little girl? Yes, let me. As the ball jumps around you. In your mouth now. Yeah. This is the nurse for the Humper by the way. Nice bill for Facts in the Information. Since Mr. For over 18 years, boy must be old like me, Bill. But anyway, his car is running a full car today. Since we're open at 11 o'clock this morning, the Poco room is open and so please let everybody know. Well, I just did Bill now. We've been repeating it numerous times. Don't let me forget. Okay, call his running. Starting 11 o'clock this morning. A full car. So now that Humper's got some look forward to. You can go out there and punch his guts out. Sure. Again, I just want to say one last thing. I don't want to dwell on this anymore than three four hours today. But the fact that a matter is if you're all bent out of shape, you probably shouldn't have lifted those guys pizza. If you wouldn't have done it, we wouldn't have talked about it because it wouldn't have happened. I'd like to know what about that story isn't true. What part isn't true? It's just a part for the course. It's an ugly, I said, episode. See, there are some people I like to pull all the shenanigans behind the scenes and then, Hey, everybody's face come out. It's like, like Sandy Payton. She was a real good one at IOD. Oh, hello, everybody. I'm the air she put on this phone. He's front and behind the scenes. Almost everybody in a building at IOD. Hit it or like poison. When I went to work over it, I started telling me stories make you hear as perl. Make you hear grow. So, you know, if people want to pull stuff off the air behind the scenes, and then they get all bent out of shape when the public finds out about it. Because it gives the people a better insight is to why everybody hates them like poison. But that's all I have to say about that. I hope you enjoy the pizza. I hope you enjoy the pizza. I hope it was real tasty. Here's our pull result from yesterday. Who is your all-time favorite dead celebrity? 1350 votes, not too bad. By the way, George is out sick today. So the people I'd like to call and make comments about George. Wait till he comes back tomorrow. He's got the fever. Does he really? Yeah, he called me actually before the other shows in fever. Well, no one read does he's got no power. I think you are a sue F.P. and L. That's what I would do. George, I'd sue their ads for about five minutes. I'll take one. I'll take 20%. Or maybe I'll take 30 minutes. I'm even better. I'll take a million and a half and give a half minutes in Josh. And I'll take the even million sounds good. I like that. Seriously, I mean, he's had no power. He got a sick household there because he even imagined when it's like trying to keep the air breathable and everything going. He's got the generator going. So they're probably breathing those gas fumes. And they're all sick in the Rodriguez household because I'm not giving the numbers in a couple minutes here. But F.P. and I'll still do an a horse ball job. And anybody that wants to kiss their ass man, I got news for you're not fooling anybody. These people, oh, F.P. and I'll do a wonderful job. I like to smith nice throw over there and they're sitting in Tampa sitting in the near conditions studio. Oh, they're doing a wonderful job. I'm sitting all the way up here in my nice air condition place and looking at the sun outside. And I know they're doing a horrible job because that's all they ever do. Plus I have my internet's. Who's your all time favorite head celebrity? We asked yesterday John Lennon blew away the competition. 155 nice going John John. John Volushi 87 Bob Marley Edge. John candy. We almost had three John's in a row there, but Bob Marley Edge dev edgimout 80 to 78. John candy fourth. Rodney Dangerfield 64 Elvis 63. Phil Hartman 61 Chris Farley 57 Johnny Carson 54. Groucho Mars 42 Frank Zappa 39 Jimmy Henry 37 Frank Sinatra 36. Oh, that's sad. Lucy, a ball 33 Carol or Conner 33 Jackie Gleason 32. Curly a curly and. What was yellow one and. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 29. Who now they leave out curly. Mo and the other one. Tell them. No, what tell you know about the three students. I know curly and no. Everybody knows that. Who's the third one? I'm leaving out a little earlier. That was his name. Yeah, literally a mole. Merleman wrote 28 Jim Morrison 27 John Wayne 24 3 Charles 24. Sing guy pretty mercury 22 Johnny Cash 20 Bruce Lee 19. Gilbert Wagner 18 Jimmy Stuart and George Harrison 17 a piece. Marlon Brando only 16. What's a matter with you? See the cruise 15 Elizabeth Montgomery and Bob Hope 13 a piece Jack lemon 12 Marvin. G 10 Marvin Gay Charles Schultz 9 Jim Cochise 16. Rayburn got up to six nice going, you know John Denver 6 20 Randall 6 River Phoenix 6 Paul in 5. That he are buckle five buddy Holly 5 Raymond Berg. For Jack par 3 William Holden 3 Louis 9 3 sunny Bono 3 Steve Allen 2 Michael and two and Jack web solamente uno, but at least everybody got least one vote. So Jack web he's knocking it with one. Why would that be your favorite. Did celebrity Jack web. It was personality like a like a prune. 10 14. Oh, that was the character he was playing. I mean you did a good job of playing the character. We didn't have to act much kind of like Kevin Costa when he plays a real boring guy. He doesn't have to act at all. If you watch me to sing God bless America and face these and the G string up here. I'll do it. Alright. I do that to the top. I do that to the top. I do that to the top. So that is how great it is for every through in this world. That ever has we kept me sure I like. I'll be trained. So this break up I feel is a bad thing for me. In those rivers of life, I feel self-intestations. When they just do it to me, you'll just a good. I do. She's on you. I'll find the rest of my life. Finding another hard-wine. I do. She's on you. She's on you. I get some just in my whole world. Yes. I'll wait and see. If it's a different God's leaving me, girl. Three out of five votes are all over you today. We have a new pool up there. I'm pretty proud of that. Aren't you? I'm pretty proud of the fact that our friends Sean out there in Hollywood. Send us their list yesterday. We'll hold you a bunch of pools. Good one. Stu, Sean. It's about time. Nice going. Right. How would you like to come up with a different pool idea every day? Not bad enough to put those stupid, I mean those great stories on the website. How do you like to come up with a different pool idea? Because the South Florida audience generally, you know, I'm all set. You don't want to have this responsibility to. I was thinking that might be a really good idea for you. Well, maybe you know, maybe another zero on it. Yeah, come on. How about like, how about like over there at Joel station? Oh, all zero. That sounds good. 210 votes. Who do you wish had become president now, recent or past, whenever? Al Gore 101. Well, he actually won the election, but don't confuse people with the facts, including him. Bobby Kennedy 80. That's what I voted. Bobby Kennedy. What I wouldn't have had Nixon. We wouldn't have had watergate. We wouldn't have had the spirit of spirit's agnists. We wouldn't have ate that stuff. But never like we wouldn't have had the ward dragon on throw those other years. And we probably would have had like 20 or 30,000 kids in our come-on body bags. But nevertheless, in Vietnam. Bobby Kennedy 80. How does Howard Dean, my man? I have a health care system that covers everybody. He will Howard. Dean. John McCain 53. John Kerry only 26. And then kind of interesting, huh? No, not really. What do you mean by that? Well, you don't like the way he would, you know, anybody who's real crazy about John Kerry? No. Okay. Now, too much waffling, too much, where he was against the P.4. He was for it. And now, this other crap, just too much waffling, man. How it's just, it's inconceivable that a guy who was a decorated ward hero could lose to a draft Dodger, especially right in the middle of an illegal, uh, phony ward. It's just amazing. But he did it. Or at least so they say, John Kerry 26. Ted Kennedy 11. You go, Ted. Have another one. Mary of Cuomo 11. Well, he said, I got a hand at the hand, at least he was honest about it. He said he never was going to run for prison because he had too many skeletons in the family closet. You know, that's a silly thing. Yeah. Two-man, Citiiani in the family tree. So as you reason, whatever that means, I think we know what it means. I think we want to create a stereotype like also Syrians are Malfioc, but there are some. He were hungry. In fact, a dearly Ferrari who ran for Vice President of Lava, Mandeo, although I noticed Walters not on here yet. That's because I didn't put him on there. Uh, let's see, he were hungry. Eight. See, there's another one. If he would have just the VISTA associate himself with LBJ in the ward, just about a month sooner or couple of weeks sooner, he would have beaten Nixon 68 too. He were who we saw the public dying of on time magazine. George McGovern 7, Edla Stevenson 6, Nelson Rockefeller 5, Michael D'Coccus 3. I've actually even known who to highlight Lee Stevenson was. If he walked in there right now, which would be America who's been dead for a long time, he would recognize him would you? I'd probably hide my wife. I'd probably try to highlight Lee now. You know, Adley Stevenson? I have no idea. Good Catholic boy, divorce? Well, he had that problem. He was a divorced Catholic, not good. Maybe he wasn't Catholic. I don't know what to like. When I wasn't Catholic, he was divorced. And he ran against the war here. I was in Howard, which is a literate as the day was long. I mean, he didn't have a lot of interest. He had interest in a lot of things. And I was in Howard. We'll say this. He didn't do much as president, but on his last legs before he went out. He warned about the military and industrial complex and how they were going to take over the whole damn country and the whole damn world. And he was absolutely. Let's go. I like hike. Oh, sorry. I said, I. No problem. Okay. And the good news for you is today. See, George is not sick. So, she's just sitting on his hands there. All I have to do is play the spot. Unlike last week, when you add a like answer the phones, get all information. Now you get a rest. Well, those are breast. I think there's a gas station open on sunrise, by the way. There you go. Actually, when he's going to do just make up places. And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses, but I don't want to go into it. Adam's okay. Hey, Adam, how's that chocolate fountain come? We're going to stick your head in a pretty soon, Adam. I don't want to mention was Adam that told me that story. I don't want to say which story. Just Adam wasn't that Adam that dug in with that report this morning. Josh. Yeah, what's for you talking about though? Anyway, the sad part of it is, I take the crap because I don't know what it does this show. So, I take the crap. But in the meantime, all the other people in that building, and I mean all of them, Egg me on to go on here and do the mode of this and mode of everybody else in there. So, even blame me all you want. I got big broad fat shoulders. I'll take all the heat for it, all the heat, all the time. But nevertheless, in fact, you know, I could probably put shy in this spot and find out since he was brought down by a mole from New York. I've been working with you up there to produce his show. And then when Hank went on in the morning, you had the choice either sticking with him all myster going on a hang show. Maybe you like getting up early in the morning, is that it? Uh, yes. That was the reason that you like getting up early in the morning that you chose to work with Hank. No, count it. Okay. And now, you see that? No comment. Just like God. That speaks volumes right there. If we can't count on shy leave you to put in a good word for the old. Do, do, do, do, do. I'm nice too. Who can we count on man? I'm trying. And, probably crazy. Maybe Robert will do it. He lines a lot. We're still looking for that good word. Yeah. Robert lies on. But see, we want to think about Robert. He's at the reason he's to learn as a human comedian. Whoever he's working with man, he'll suck up to their face like crazy. Oh, yeah, yeah, you're right. This one is a, yeah. But in behind our back, this man, the knives are just plunging all over the place. Here's the F.L. numbers is a six this morning. I look for the 10 o'clock, but it's too late. Don't have it yet. As of six a.m. this morning in Broward County, a very, very unacceptable number. 24,000 seven on Restore, but still, 238,900. This is 10 days after Wilma, 238,000 plus still out in Broward. Schaingville in Dave County, 765,900 Restore, but almost 200,960 still out. And in Palm Beach County, 561,900 had been restored, but 101,600 still out. So in other words, they've got over a half a million people around the state. Still without power and the overwhelming majority. As a matter of fact, all except for 2000, all except for 2000 are in Dave Broward in Palm Beach. They're 500 in St. Lucy and Martin County's got 1500 out. And all the other ones are in Dave Broward in Palm Beach. Well, how do you like that? And I realized that we took the biggest fund of the storm, but nevertheless, never to less. It is totally absolutely, puked, inducing an absolutely unacceptable by any measure. I mean, when we get to the point where we actually say, and good things about IXEmen, you know that F.P. and L. is really a full of cramps. And this is Neal Rogers. Aaron Brown is out at the D.M. and 60, and up at the winding over the errands. And I'm gonna do it. I had to buy the paddle back. I can't speak in kukle, but... Why would I have my body back? And don't do much of the panic, so... Those rabbit general cards are quick. They'll treat each other raw. And I could be willing. And now we're getting raw. You're getting strikes in. Whoa, they're out, oh, they're out, they're out. They're out, they're out, they're out. Fuck, they're out, fuck, they're out, if we don't be throw a terrible. We could stop this traffic through. And buy your luck to 10, 5 times. And those old towels are in. I think you're gonna try to. Fuck, they're out, fuck, they're out. Fuck, they're out, they're out, they're out, they're out. Fuck, they're out. Oh, 10, 31 and 5, 60, 60, 60, 60, 50, that's good. The most important thing is always back from the earth. We got my close personal body. The mole mice do it to the satin, the pizza thief. And I got 4 to 6, 30, panther, free to 6, 30, 7 and the panthers at the... At Boston. That's a fleets center. To play the bronze broins. Rooms are... Come see them, saw them in and out. They're okay. Seven of fact, and I was gully and... I was a friend, you were a silly red deer, Randy. And then we got Curtis for 80K at 10 tonight. Because I'm assuming 80K is on his way back for Mavegas, right? He's plogin' his guts out. He is plogin' his brains out out there in Vegas. Just hand over a fist and speak to that. Let me see it again in case the humpers in his car on the way out. Calder is running a full car today. Opening at 11 o'clock this morning. Polka room is open too. So Bill over there says, let everybody know. Please and you're welcome Bill. And thank you so much. You see, here we go. CNN, one of the hyperventilating, and I was a missing girl in your chat's worth, and your chat's worth, Calder, or two girls missing, your chat's worth, Calder for you. So the chicken and a roulette, that's they never found. That's the way they couldn't keep milking that one anymore. So now... Black food. See, there we go. She's got black boots. And yeah. Another two girls. Two girls. Amanda Craglino. Now, don't tell me you're getting sucked into this story. No, I was just gonna say, does that mean that it's gonna be twice as long as the arroid. Twice as much coverage. Good point. Yeah. Twice as much as used to fill up a lot of airtime. Hyperventilating. How many thousand missing people do you think there are on the US right now? 30,000 minimum. And yet they pick and choose whatever it is always women, by the way. You know what I said. Not the two sections, but it's always missing girls. Never missing guys. Ever. No guys go missing, I guess. Right? I guess so. No one can be milked. Missing females. They're walking to a stable in chats with California about a block away. They've been missing since 5.30 Pacific time last night. That's 8.30 our time. So that's like 14 hours they've been missing. Holy Toledo, man. So now there's Mrs. Limbaugh. She's in an apartment. But I beat that up. We like that hyperventilating. It's just more time to fill up as opposed to talking about the needle is dead people in Iraq and the soldiers and about all the stuff about Tom Delay and the bill fist and about the scooter liby who's going to court today. All these things. Now we don't want to talk about that. Let's kill a lot of. Oh, here we go. Let's see that. Finally, the power of meal comes through. The court room that is being used because of the white interest in this. The first 95 year old Bob Frank and tell us all about scooter liby. Anyway, let's get into this good stuff. Although I see we do have some calls on here. Do you think he's might be worthwhile or not? I'm sure they're fantastic. Mom, okay. WCU-I-M. Hello. Hello. No. I knew that. I knew he was going to be first. WCU-I-M. Hello. Good. This is time that we need to bond together and stop the hate. Don't you think? That's a boy friend. Oh, this is Reverend Jones Boyfriend. He had one too. They're probably on the same line. He's probably got the court wrapped around his well somewhere. WCU-I-M. Hello. Hey, the guard. That's all. You're right. You are right. You know who I have in her from an long time. And I'm worried about him. I think he may have like cropped during the storm. We can only pray. The whisperer. No, he'd remember. Oh, yeah, you're right. Yeah. Pull the leaves. More into the one talking about how this is. I do. Haven't heard from him. We're very concerned. Might have to send out a search party. Might have to call CNN. Even though it is a guy, we think. We're not too sure. But if we don't have the whisperer, we may not be able to continue. I might have to just roll into the room. Go back to the second. You know, 560, yes. 560, yes. 560, yes. 560, yes. 560, yes. 560, yes. 560, yes. And he provides in singular word of slides. WCU-I-M. Hello. Avoid the noise. I mean the mo. WCU-I-M. Not there. Q-I-M. Ola. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm calling since 10 o'clock. I've listened to radio since 8. And then that's the way that he took it. I've played that mad dog. Yes, screaming. You better get one of the Mr. HIP-the. Is that WCU-I-M. Buildup audio ears. He's probably the wrong station. You probably know that loser station. But that's okay because they need your help. Believe you me. They need you desperately. There's a. So we take in 5 calls now. And the first one we get of like a semi human being. He wants some heat tickets. Oh, we're on the right track. F**k. Yeah. We're really moving on the right direction now. By the way, we got all the tickets you want right now. For whatever it is, you name the event and we'll send you a whole bunch of crap. We'll send you a bunch of. It'll look like maybe it was once tickets. It's just a bunch of paper that got soaked during the storm. You know how paper gets when it gets like really soaked and it's just like like, Paul Plino. Yeah. So we're going to send you a bunch of pulp in an envelope and to trust me what I've said it was used to be some very valuable tickets. Right there like sky box tickets and stuff like that. They can still try to go to the event. See if they'll let you write. You can just show your lump of crap when you walk to the abox or or a fist to the gate and see if they're at you. Just say, hey, this is some QA. I'm an ill kick your ass right out. WCU-I-M. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, have you booked the number one? Thank you. That's Saturday, 63 years old man really old and old. Thank you. Yes, thank you. That's up. My birthday is out of six. Well, how do you like that? And I was born on the day of Adelaide. Even for the losing. If he would have won, I was just a year. Adelaide. Really? Well, thank God he lost. Well, I'm on the McKimboly. Yeah. What did you hear? Kimberly. Kimberly. Is that what Kim I've said? I've never really thought about that before. I mean, like Kim Bo-Kampward. Don't be called him Kimberly. He'll smack you in his step on you. I hear you. He's right. Okay. Thanks. His name is Kimberly. When you like sue your parents if they did that. Promittal, Mel Fesons. That's a lot. Well, you know, when your biggest hit was not like the kid's in school or make it funny. Hey, Kimberly. Well, how do you know how big he was when it was in school? Maybe he like sprouted at 17 or 18. Who knows? I'm sure it's pretty. He's a big mother of giant in the industry. Although he was sucking up to FBNL. A couple of days. He was on a really unhappy about that. We're going to attack that cow in front of university and died if he don't watch it. Kimberly. He was sucking up. He doesn't have power. Well, he was still sucking up. Well, maybe I see. I guess he's doing a little psychological affair. Yes, he figured if he sucked up to them they turned a power on. Surprise. I thought he was a killer. Be. Yeah. He chumbed. There's no story. Hey. Here's line nine. QAM. Hello. Hey. How are you doing, sir? Hey. I don't doubt we wanted to talk to you so that we'll leave our public and then demonstrate to folks just one party of rich people dealing my life from me. Very good. That's an excellent point. Good. This thing with a student I hear everybody's talking about it. And here's my case. No, you take. He can please guilty. This guy can. This guy can. This guy can. This guy can. This guy can. This guy can. This guy can. This guy can. This guy can. This guy. That guy that got him 10 miles in battery. Go take that. It'saja. It's my children. But it's a pretty bad game of things. How was your last shot, your first shot? That guy, played with. He's paying for Bonkers from duty. Not like in a strip. That guy is black. He's giving him a chair, so it's a rich guy. It's special to get him around his yard. There's a standing squat he's pulling with. Yeah. And it's my phone. The people that are knocking the chairs he hears. It's like a big old theatrical experience. What did she buy? Did something get our mind off all those dead soldiers? You know, at least for a day or two. Although, of course, when we start looking into it, realize that this is the basis of part of the whole underpinnings of why we went there. But nevertheless, don't confuse the public with the fans. We got to get busy find those two chicks from Chatsworth, baby, get out there with the search partner. Got the crap. Oh, Lewis, look at this collar with second. Lewis, let me please not kill you to watch charges against him. You see that? I told you. That was good. See, I told you if you take like 30, 40 calls, maybe, just maybe. You might get one that makes a little bit of sense. And by the way, if you want those tickets, get on the horn. Maybe they still have the horn left over from your own kipper, you think? It's possible. Is it Russia's honor, Shia? Is it Russia's honor? You don't care for that. We blow the chauffeur. Actually, you do it in both. Really? Well, practice makes perfect. Who do you wish to become present now or past? Al Gore, 1116, as boring as he was. Remember that speech he made a few months, not actually was before the election last year. See, time flies. Remember that Carrie endorsements speech? I do. Pounding that, and just screaming and yelling, man, if he would have just done that five years ago, they couldn't have stolen the election. Al Gore 1116, Bob, it can't be 95, John McCain, 60, John Kerry, only 33, scary. Ted Kennedy 15, Mario Cuomo 14, Widow without the skeletons. Hubert Humphrey 9, at least even so nine. George McGovern 8, Nelson Rockefeller 8, Michael Dukaka has Solomon de Tres. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562AX. Following is a test of the FEMA Alert System. This is only a test. What happened? Where? This was only a test. And then an actual emergency. You would have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days in Giverdeck. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The second test was the first test. It was the first test. The third test was the first test of the test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. This test was the first test. The second test wasn't the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the first test. The first test was the second test. The first test could be the second test. myself. Heaps of slurs. It could be even shrubs. Heep pizza. It's 11 o'clock at 5, 60, every QM, see what you started now? What have I started now? I don't know. Looks a pizza stuff. Maybe you guys will get some pizzas today from like Jerry and Joe's. You know what? I'm gonna call Tony. How about Com Brad would be a good idea. Tony's. That's right. See I got to stimulate for some pre-peats in there today. Now listen, if you get a bunch of pizzas in there, be very careful. Keep your eye peeled on that door. Don't worry. See that's really what he was all about. I had a shame about the other stuff was just window dressing. But really set the old mole myster off as the fact that I outed that story. And listen, it was all over the building. Everybody was, it was a funny story when you cut my dad with. It was unacceptable. It was outrageous behavior. But it was funny. It was amusing. Funny story I've heard. Brad, I've been here. And law hysterical, you know. But he's just been out of shape over the fact that we, as far as that ginger and faggot or what that has to do with sports or pipe smokers or pink cigars or any of the other stuff. What does that have to do with sports? What's the next thing for Hank? It's something in ginger. What is he calling Hank these days? Harriet and ginger. Whatever it is. I have to do with sports. But you go ahead and have a good time. Okay. What are you a full-bit comments and have a great time with it? Nobody gives a crap. Oh, let's see. Look at this tag for it. Nice going there. Berkeley, you're the best honey. She has really doing it. If we ever forgot what? Now speaking of Brownie Brown. Before I get to all this local stuff about hurricane, which don't, I haven't forgotten about it. I think he calls him Hank Henrietta. Hey, Henrietta and ginger. There you go. Because we knew the crossover there were 10 clocks. And actually we have to take some shots at the hump or okay. Henrietta and ginger. That has a lot to do with sports. But I could care less. Have a great time. And my expense to everybody else and it's a radio show. That's all. This isn't our life. If this is your life, I'll tell you right now. That I'm being kind to say goodbye. Time for the dirt nap. Just a radio show. I used to take it seriously too. Back in the days on W. News. And oh, I was going to change the world. And I was pontificating. I was pounding on the desk. And I was giving lecture. I'm talking at that time. I was talking to people over the age of 100. I was a babysitter for ancient people at night. That's all I was. And I'm sitting there trying to change the world on a radio. It's a radio show. That's all nothing more. I mean, nothing more. So just lighten up a little bit a couple of shades and cut the crap already. You know, I had granted. I understand it. If you if you take it seriously, because 90 percent of the people are called e-shows are idiots. And especially on the heels of this hurricane. And most people try to put their life back together again. What kind of people have time now, the last year of time, to be sitting on a phone for 15, 20 minutes, a half an hour, to call some stupid as talk show on a radio. Yeah, I shut the phones off for seven months. And I'm pretty dang glad that I did because now I've kind of like a creative combination of why I did doing those seven months, which was over the top that we do much. And in a spursing of these fabulous calls, look, we already have today. Does it bother me? No, is it going to change? No, who cares? I don't give a crap. And if you say something over the line, we got about a 54. We got 16, 55 minutes delayed buttons here already. So it's not going to get on the or anyway. So what's the big premise, okay? You know, I really it's sad. It really is. I'm probably the only one who feels this way because I did try. When a man first came into this market and I remember Greg came into the studio to show it. He didn't show me the numbers, but it just showed me the signature on a contract. He was all excited. And I was excited. I was excited. I got Howard David to do more. I was excited because I only think I knew from Howard David was his work on the United Football on the radio. I'd heard him for years. And I told you the story when Rick Weaver was forced to retire. And they had a box of audition tapes to WIOD and they brought him to me being the played by play expert that I am and they had like four or five finalists that they brought to me and Howard was one of them. But watch it and take these home the listen to these and see who you think we ought to hire. And I recommended Moe and enthusiastic because I thought he was a hell of a good play by play guy. He is. There you go. So I recommended Moe. So I had no last to grind with him. And of course they hired Bill Zimfer because he was good buddies with not to knock him. But he was good buddies with who was Wayne's henchmen that guy that would have bad suits. Whatever his name was it, Loftown. He was good buddies with him from Penn State. So he didn't get hired there. So when Greg showed me the contract, I thought to myself, oh, wow, here we go. This is going to be great. I never met the man personally. I didn't know anything about him other than the work I heard on the ear. So I had no preconceived notions. Okay. And from the very beginning of him taking himself too seriously and the lines about the checkered pants and other stuff taking all of this seriously. And not understanding it's just a radio show. This is what we do. Okay. This is the station. This is this show. This is this market. This is what we do. And just refusing to accept that. And then of course trying to get a whole bunch of people fired. You see when somebody tries to get you fired and destroy your career that you've worked for almost 30 years in a market, you don't take that lightly. Okay. When people are working behind the scenes to destroy you and get your producer fired and this one fired. This is why people hate. I don't pay those games. I don't want to see anybody get fired. I'm always pro talent anti-management because in this business men have generally sucks and the time the talent most of them gets screwed over. But I need any critique of what I do on a show or like a reading the newspaper, yada yada yada. And the funny part of it is depending on which mood which is side of the body the bag is on each day. It's like, oh, I understand that those bits are very, very funny. They're funny. I didn't bother me because they're funny the book of brands that which is funny. It's fantastic. We made a character. We made two characters. More and more. Which are like a spin-off on OSTU guy and two real people. And there are a thousand times funny or they need it when it will ever be. That's true. So there you go, Mo. It's a radio show. And I still even after trying to get me destroyed and he admitted that to my face, plus the thing about George. I still try to make find something decent there. How many times have you heard me say? I've heard him man. But in the midst of all the anger and hospitality in the surrogamous, I still find like a twinkle in the eye like a little, a little something there, you know, at least I try to find it. But it just, it just doesn't ever, it doesn't go on. It might be there for like five minutes and then it disappears. Like that day that we had the, that he forced that the great, the, they taunt when I was in the station in the parking lot. And that life until 8 about 8 30 next morning when he came in started screaming about the beast and that little piece of crap. I think things are going to make a board. And I thought to myself, what is wrong with you? Will you ever grow up when you stop fighting the whole world? Just stop already. Just do your thing. Take the colors for what they are, they're much, mostly of idiots. And just take the, like you said, take the check, take the check. God, God comes back here. Two are pretty dang good numbers there in the last book in the summer book. Would we talk about it? Then we talk about that at like, high school and more. We listen. Yeah. I don't make up numbers. Did a good job in there. So just keep doing it. If the colors suck just ramble on, baby, that's all. But of course, it's always the show that proceeds. Who's responsible? Who's fault is it that the calls we got in the first hour here today? Who can I blame that on? I don't blame it on anybody. That's just who's out there. Okay. That's the kind of people I call radio talk show us. That's going to be shy, small. Hey, there must be shy, small. He's not usually there. He's here today. We get prank calls. There you go. It's me. You is really bastard. Yeah. That must have something to do with them. But these people must be anti-somantic. MSB. The dog done it. Forget about it. Okay. Yeah. What am I wasting my time for? What am I wasting my time? Lawmaker before I get in the aid to stuff about the hurricane. I got more stuff. From that it was paper to read. See, and this is another interesting thing. The last week at a half, I know this comes as a great job. But last week and a lot of people are getting their newspapers. A lot of people don't have powers so they don't have their TV. They don't have their internet. They have no clue what else going on, including especially with a hurricane-related stuff and elsewhere in the world. So the fact that I have been passing along this information, guess what? It has nothing to do with sports, but it might actually be some useful crap. How do you like that? It might actually be useful to some people. Anyway, we'll get in the back reading from the newspaper in a minute. Former FEMA director Michael Michael Mickey Brown, Brownie, who resigned after stinging criticism as handling of the aftermath of Katrina, exchanged emails about his appearance on the day of the storm and seemed out of touch after Katrina to Gulf Coast, a Louisiana Congressman charge yesterday, as if this is some big surprise. In the midst of the overwhelming damage caused by the hurricane in enormous problems faced by FEMA, Mr. Brown found time to receive emails about some surface topics, including problems finding a dog sitter. According to Representative Charlie Melonson, Democrat Louisiana, is that Muddy Cohen, who posted the emails on his website. Some of the emails from Brown indicate he may have been overwhelmed by his responsibility, Melonson said. In an email he sent the morning of the hurricane to Cindy Taylor, FEMA's deputy director of public affairs, Brown wrote, can I quit now? Can I come home? A few days later, Brown wrote to an acquaintance. I'm trapped now. Please rescue me. Melonson, who's a district south of New Orleans, was devastated by the hurricane, said Brown's lack of leadership and concern is illustrated more than a thousand emails provided to White House Committee now addressing assessing responses to the disaster by all levels of government. Melonson said that on August 26, days before Katrina made landfall, Brown emailed his press secretary, sure and worthy about his entire asking, tie or not for tonight. Button down, blue shirt, question mark? A few days later, worthy of the advised Brown, please roll out the sleeves of your shirt all shirts. Even the president rolled his sleeves up to just below the elbow and this crisis on TV you need to look more hardworking. On August 29, the day of the storm Brown received emails about his attire with Taylor, Melonson said, she told him, you look fabulous and Brown replied, I got it at Nordstrom's area proud of me. This is why people were dying by the way. In our later Brown ended, if you look at my lovely FEMA attire really vomit, I'm a fashion god, according to the congressman. The emails came from Homeland Security Director Mickey Chirtoff who oversees FEMA following a request by Melonson representative Tom Davis Republican of Virginia Chairman of a House Committee, appointed to investigate what we're wrong during Katrina. Although Chirtoff is not turned over all the documents requested by the committee, Melonson charged at the material received so far, contradicts testimony by Brown before the committee which he described himself as an effective leader. Brown can be reached comment for Wednesday night on the emails. The lawmakers said it certainly emails that he said show Brown's failures, for instance, two days after Katrina, Marty Bahamande, one of the only FEMA employees in New Orleans wrote the Brown, the situation is past critical. Here are some things you might not know, hotels are kicking people out, thousands gathering in the streets with no food or water, hundreds still being rescued from homes Bahamande said, the dying patients that the disaster medical assistance team tentving metavac, estimates are many will die with an hours, evacuation in prime process, time developing for superdomovacuation, but hotel situation standing to problem. Where out of food and running water at the dome plans and work to address the critical need, FEMA staff is okay in holding its own, the Matt staff working in deplorable conditions, the sooner we can get the medical patients out, the sooner we'll get them out, full connectivity impossible. Brown's entire response was, thanks for the update, anything specific I need to do or tweak. Two days later on September the toothbrush Brown received a message with the subject medical help. At the time thousands of patients were being transported to the New Orleans airport, which had been converted to make sure of hospital. Because of a lack of ventilator, medical personnel had to ventilate patients by hand for as long as 75 hours, according to Melonson. The text of the email reads, Mike Mickey and other medical equipment people have a 42 foot trailer full of beds wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, etc. They're running and taking them where they can be used the need direction. Mickey specializes in ventilator patients or can be very helpful of the cute care patients. If you could have some on contact him and let him know if you can be of service, he'd appreciate it. Know your busy, but they really want to help. Melonson said Brown and for four days when he forwarded the original email, the FEMA WCF staff works out shoulder and deputy director response, Michael Louter. The text of Brown's email to them read, can we use these people? Melonson also charged a few of the emails from Brown show him a signing specific task to employees responding to pressing problems. On September 1, FEMA officials exchanged emails reporting severe shortages of ice and water in Mississippi. They were to receive 60 pressurized and 26 pressurized water the next day, even though they needed 450 trucks of each. Robert Fett and a FEMA regional response official presented serious riots, if insufficient supplies arrived. Brown was forwarded these series of emails about the problem, but no response were moved shown the emails from my head and couldn't come in. At a boy you're doing a heck of a job, Mike E. Brown is this, he's Neil Rogers. This is 516A. But like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me, the steam father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you. A threat to tell me your own father? I fear I will be ashamed of my family. Lonson, I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promise you will still love me? Of course my sweet child. A father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. Oh, I see. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you're pregnant and not married, you're father? I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors, I'll stone you today. My daughter, which is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. I can't check again. I'm not sure if you're going to be grounded. No, not grounded. I must have used gold. It's the first step. I've bought the cells on a fundamentalist. And it always stands out. Me, I speak with you. My esteemed husband. Oh, my God. What is this my wife? Oh, I have something to tell you. I am listening. I am having an affair. Oh, nice. Oh, I'm going. Are you going? I'll put it back y'all to collect some stones. What for? What for? You mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Oh, where are you? Well, of course, we stone today. No, be nice and rough. The lives of the internet, they deal with the many problems that I've played with. Oh, my, I speak with you. My esteemed father. It's my son who did it for the father. Last night I used you little broach. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, boy, is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You love having a... The guiding sheet. The guiding sheet. I just shot on location and bagged out. Or... Let me see a plasticity WQAM. As a matter of fact, just one footnotes, since you're one, it's really pressing it today. You're like pushing heavy duty on this most of. Yes, hi. Josh. No, not shy. You don't play that on shy. Okay, he's already an associate himself from that regime. But when we had this big purge, we're all the stuff changed over. When the stern thing blew up in their face, and we were like trying to put a line of fact together in. And they put Hank in a morning, and there was that gap in there. You know, when they finally nailed on mad dog to do 47, there was that two-hour gap between two and four. And it was narrow down to like between defo and the mole-my-stroke. Okay, and I was asked, and I said, Mo, how do you like that? So that's twice. Twice, even before I knew him, I was promoting him for a dolphin play by play. And in this case, even after all the other crathets had gone down. After all the attempt to get people fired, and destroy their careers, I still will say, and they put Mo on. Okay, for two-way, I made it. Now do I have any regrets, Ronald, at any rate? Terradio show, okay? It's business. It's the radio business. It's not monkey business. It's radio business. Okay, don't take it so serious. Take the take to the bank. Play a lot of golf. Enjoy the line of it. Paranized, and that's it. And as far as ego is concerned, I've said it for many, many years now. When you're working this market, you can't have any ego. Because every day is a new day. What are you going to do for me today, Neil? Well, we heard that last week. We heard you do that poll once before. What are you going to do for us today? That's the market. Okay, that's just the way it is. In fact, if he were smart, not the last three days, he did a show in New York, right? Right. Hamville, the studio in your home right there in Boko. Then you won't have to slip that drive down every day. And you won't have to interact with these people who, you know, hate each other. Everybody hates whoever hates. Wouldn't that be a great idea? Yeah? Hamdo the show right from his house. You can sit there with your bag, pulsating, and your slippers, and the whole deal, and the second pants are not. I'm sitting here my underwear this morning. How do you like that? That's all boxed shirts, shorts. Nothing else. Not even socks. The disgusting thought. Well, it's been a disgusting, you know, I really do need to get to this hurricane stuff. But, temper is cool. A bit in Washington after the partisan meltdown that brought Senate business to Walt Tuesday. So even so, neither Congress nor the White House will find much in a new CBS news full to put them in a better humor. President, this is the CBS news pool. President Bush's job of Fruble has reached the lowest level ever yet. Only 35 percent, approved of the job he's doing. Only 34 percent, approved of Congress's job. Bush 35 percent, approved of 57 percent, disapproved. Five President Chinese never been as popular as the President, but his favorite wording is down 9 points. He's a 19 percent. 19 percent, even Joe Feynberg could top that I think. Well, maybe not. Oh, he's still got, he's still stuck in the owes. I mean, when your popular rating is 19 percent, he got really bad source, baby. Let's see, here's a fact from somebody who's obviously agitated, it says, the whole neighborhood has power, except me, FBNL blows. And it's got, this is pretty interesting artwork. Did you draw this or what? No, I wish that's good stuff. Because I just had to pass it along. That's got to be an inside job, because the drawing of Moe eating the pizza. That's him, man. It's got the ball to hit in the little go-t there. That's him. How do they know it? It's got to be inside. At any rate, the chair was a chef saying, Holy, he's got to open pizza box, which is one little piece of crust inside. It says, Holy, Kizole, who stole my pieces? So that's what it says. Who stole my pieces? And below it is a picture of somebody from India, who's got two slices, one in each hand, he's going, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Let's see. This is what I mean, slide up a little bit. Have some fun with it. If the world's not going to have to do it, and because you lifted some guys' pizza, just relax, man, or man. Just take off from that nice summer book. Let's move on from there. We got competition that's as stiff as a cardboard box. Let's move on from there. Let's do it. If you wanted to do your Faggotorn and Ginger and Henwey at a and Ginger, whatever you like, have a good time. That's all. Not going to get all bad undershave. My life is good. I'm a happy camper. Saturday morning, early, I'll be out there. It would buy and plunge in my guts out. What's not to like the sun is shining? We got like a little Indian summer here. What's not to like? Always looking a bright side, okay? Stop being a sour push. Okay, now let's get to the important stuff, okay? We import onto it. Okay. Well, I feel like I need to do this because, I mean, I know it's boring. We need to add the newspaper, and who that would listen to we show like this anyway. Yeah, right? The number of homes broken by Wilmus Weld, yesterday a state official's blind and older building code for these severe damage to Rao County apartment complex, as mobile homes and businesses. State officials have surveyed Wilmus Damage and South Florida, said the major problems were in structures built before Hurricane Andrew sparked tougher codes, old buildings. Because let's see, 82, 82, right? That's 23 years ago. Hurricane Andrew was 92, right? Yeah. No, 90. No, wasn't. Yeah, definitely was. 92? Yeah. 13 years ago like I said. Who's Alcantee track, you're right? The damage was an older and weaker building said, Rick Dickson, second director, the Florida Building Commission, tell him I have to see. See, that's what happens when you get to be 100 years old. I mean, you've lived so long, who didn't keep any dates free? Although Saturday might be my birthday, I think. And that what you said? Yeah, remember, this is the first time the area has been directly hidden. Sometime, they'll have to be read done to meet the new standard, said, Rick. South Florida, we've entered building standards after Hurricane Andrew devastated forces today, County, 1992, like I said. For Audi emergency management official, said yesterday that so far, there were 1344 structures right tagged or deemed unsafe because of damage caused by Wilma. However, a Sun Sentinel survey, local building department, so the number of unsafe buildings is at least 2,000 Toyota 23, that includes a paramacomplexes that may have multiple residences. Mobile homes make up 1600 29 of the room residences. There were at least 49, almost 5,000 individual homes, mobile homes and condo units and rental apartments that shouldn't be occupied, because they were damaged by Wilma. So I did like in, and there's still housing. Just like in World Reins, there's still count and tabulating and telepathy and stuff like that. Even the traffic signals that's going to cause 20 million hours, you guys are coming to work. How are we doing on the traffic signals? Not too bad. I'd say 70% of them are good. Wow, that's quite a shock. And try where do you live? Sun the house beach. Oh, little Israel. You got it. And how about the lights? Well, Sun the house beach, you should have no problem, because the power is back on in the beach right now from the get-go. Yeah, we got power back like two days later. Yeah. Somebody must be pulling some long strings over there. Hurricane Wilma has left quite a legacy. Powerless trial rail trains of black dot control tower and the damage system of traffic lights that will cost 20 million to replace in power counting alone. And George still doesn't have power and he's really peored about. He's sick. It's family is sick and he's getting really, he's following it to not. See, that's the kind of stuff to worry about. That's the kind of stuff to get post off about. When you have no power, you're running a generator. Everybody in a household is sick. Nobody's bringing by any pizzas to hot. Wilma was also to blame for Eastbound Rams on 5.95. The close from 10 to 11 o'clock yesterday morning, Troopers closed the Rams to keep traffic light for a caravan. Oh, to keep traffic light. Since interesting the way to so-and keep traffic light for a caravan of 150 power trucks hitting East from Naples to Mommy, to keep carried in Vesipo. Spokesman for a Florida power and loot. Another caravan to a truck suspected to cost some or delays this morning. And maybe already did probably. On Tuesday night traffic controllers were forced to use handheld radios when power went out of Fort Lovittal Airport and a circuit breaker failed to turn on a backup generator. Power has restored more than an hour later at 7.45, but some flights were canceled. Others they've heard into Mommy International and Palm Beach International. What a mess. Trier rail trains have been not a, uh, uh, uh, rendered useless in the storm hit October 24. Knocking out power along all 72 miles of track for Mommy to Magnonia Park in Palm Beach County. Electrical aridges are the main obstacle to running the trains with up to 40 miles of track stood out power yesterday. Said Bonnie Arnold spokesman for the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority. Trier rail may resume as early as next week Arnold said the trains are fueled. And as soon as safe to operate will be back up and running. Before Wilma hit travel stations were not on the priority list for power restoration. Now they are because there's need to have them restored as soon as possible. Meanwhile 36 crews have up to four of my needs were working to repair and replace most of the counties 1350 traffic signals damaged by the storm. The work will likely take several months, several months, and cost $20 million. As of Wednesday, others fear flies in a face of the asteroid that you're giving me. As of Wednesday, 260 traffic signals working again and lights have been restored at 75 of the county's 85 busiest intersections. So you must be only driving through the busiest intersections. Pretty much. Because there's 1350 traffic signals in Brower, and only 260 back out again. So just a stand-in main highway. This is Neil Robert Ross. Don't go this. Ace 5 16. rose We're movin' on to Ruk' up to Ruk' up to age, there no one knows Re filmmaking Re chemistry, playing business Re shooting for the dishes Tri- underway We're movin' on to Ruk' up to switching yes, there we go Reigning There's a lieber Every instant ent are volunteeredscale Man how much is 2.0 fibers are vegan the 500-foot you could be the lucky winner of a whole bunch of stuff not that's a big way yeah like those tickets those mushy tickets in envelope and probably the envelopes mushy too and just a bunch of pulp we'll send you a handful of pulp 400 squiction 499 who knew wish it become present now our past Al Gore 153 Bobby Kennedy 126 all how we wish 1960 before some of you punks were born well what a difference I would have made I guarantee we not only wouldn't have had no more Nixon we would have had no bush one or three Bobby Kennedy 126 John McCain 68 John Kerry 46 he's making a little bit of a move not much Mario Cuomo who's got all the right connections he's got 21 Ted Kennedy 18 at least even since 12 George McGovern 11 he'll put him for 11 Humpty Dumpty Nelson Rockefeller 8 and Michael Duke Kakka has got only five which I think is that's a number of votes he got in election two five old one we're over 500 votes that's interesting because our goal today for is like five ten wasn't it yeah for the entire four hours and by the way for those beast fans tries going to be just hanging around in there because there's no for the many food show up or what I call Tony's it'll be here when it's here though so like I said Charlie will hang around to the left of the food that is eaten don't steal any piece of out by the way I hope that your mentor didn't teach it those kind of tricks what was that and then of course we got the beast coming in there also like I said you better eat all you want before a noon because if there's food around you know it was really when we had the beast on balance for life the only problem was instead of replacing the regular food he ate with balance for like he was eating in addition to see what I'm saying understand there was supposed to be the food for the whole day that's not gonna work too well no so he was eating the balance for life meals on top of the sixty two hundred calories he was already eating on his growing young boys of me or well it's focusing on a lot of money one of you know they take them on those cruises they're killing them they're killing with kindness shoveling the food down his back face they're killing their colonial beast which is really shankers you got a nice girlfriend the whole day of the night beyond say that it that is really shocking who would have found him now is she this year go to that school for the blind or what is the dealer why so I hear she's a teacher I believe she's a teacher maybe she can teach him some new tricks because I know Clarence tried to give up here is a story that will put a smile on your face so can try to interspersor few things in the middle of all this other heavy duty stuff oh first and bad news though and wouldn't make any difference if George was there because he would know this guy either skits Henderson died and they're all going who oh no skits Henderson died to Grammy winning conductor who led his music expertise to Frankson after him being cross me before five in the New York pops in becoming the first and I show band leader died Tuesday was 87 that's old enough when you say 87's old enough yeah that's good unless of course you're 86 then you think it will be 89 doesn't sound too bad Henderson died at his home in New Millford and natural causes said Barbara Burnside spoke to him in four new millford hospital board in England nine ever knew that Lyle's his real name was Lyle Russell C. Dickenderson moved to the US in the 30s what is it? but he can out of living as a pianist playing vodka and moving he's talking Minnesota and Montana roadhouses he got his dick break in 1937 when he filled in for a sick pianist touring with duty girl in the Mickey Rudy when the tour wrapped up in Chicago he used the original pianist tickets to my tally with there he joined the music department and mgm and played piano for Bob hopes the pepsid and show his friendship with hope for the mentor for other stars of the day including cross the weekend mentor to Henderson and it goes on and on he did this he did it but we but he served as musical director for the lucky stretch show on radio the fill-co-hour being cross me when NBC moved to TV the studio brought hundreds of long as musical director including band leader for Steve Alston I show and on and on the pitch Henderson dead in a seven does anybody under the age of 100 know who that is well killed some time here's the story of the small in your face you know about oj yeah well I put up the article well that's right you know what about sure you know about oj's latest problem he's looking for the killers right now even more important than that when he doesn't have time right now he's got to pay how's he going to make that 33 grand a federal judge ordered former football star oj simpson to pay more than 33 grand and attorneys fees for direct TV two months after he was ordered to pay for parading satellite TV signals from the California based company you go oj you murdering piece of crap you in a rate on simpson's buying home in 2001 federal agencies illegal devices known as bootloaders that authority said were used to steal TV programming after granting a motion for summary judgeman the civil suit file against simpson a federal judge in august or an him to pay twenty five grand and damages u.s. district judge leader a client ordered simpson last week to pay thirty three thousand six hundred seventy dollars and forty two cent and attorney's fees and costs this is part of the continuing litigation process of course mister simpson objects in fully intensive reserve is rights at the appellate levels attorney yelcalantres said Wednesday yel yentra galanter simpson moved to a florida from California yaddi adiada but it would be interested to escape a beans on his income that's why moved to Florida. And of course he owes a civil suit. He owes 33.5 million to the Goldman's and the Browns, etc. And in fact, maybe the 42 cent that was at the end of the other numbers he might have paid them, but not even that. Nothing. Zippity doodah. How do you like that? How does missing girls in Chatsworth California come in? So you find them yet or what? Isn't that where we're all concerned about? That's right. I'm whipped up. What about your crazy bastards? You people in the media. Let me say it again. If even this bitch would all that make up on could tell. The media is sick and you talk to that man. You are crazy people. And they're all whipped up. Last night I'm channel surfing. And so one of my stops to see an enemy case maybe the world is coming to winter or something I need to know. And there is Rick Sanchez and Kira Phillips to my least favorite people in the world. Although compared to Kira Phillips, I love Rick Sanchez. That's how much I hate that bitch. And I'm thinking it's like 1015, where's Aaron Brown, where's why he Aaron? Would have been red muskrat. He makes most muskrat look good. See, that's another thing. Most of our stories about the muskrat were so bad. How come he adumped it? He even got rid of that Martha Washington way he used to wear. And the muskrat. Both of them. Am I right? Yeah. I mean, I will say he looks better without the way. He looks a hell of a lot better. And I'm the one who pushed him up on it. See, I'm grateful piece of terror. You why don't you realize I've been trying to help you all this time. I've been trying to put you on a map with important things like and actually see that obviously in last book. If that's what it takes, grin and burr it. Just like your bald head. Like mine too. Man, I'm loving. No, I have to shave mine. He doesn't have to do that. And I was like just saying that was so important before I got sidetracked on that muskrat thing again about O.J. Right. What was it? You were talking about the 33-tile videos. Yeah. There was something else in there. You see you weren't paying tight enough close to 10. That's because I'm reading this fact right here. And what does it say? Don't worry. It's not a very good one. I wasted my time. Oh, it's not a very good one. That's unusual. You mean like some of those calls we took before. We will take a lot more calls today, by the way. And we hope they're equally as good as the ones we had in the first house. Or better face Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Farman, a celebration. They put 11 in the back here and they took it back out. They put the lemon in the back tree, but it's not there in the corner. They put the lemon in the back here and they took it back out. They put the lemon in the back here and they took it back out. They put the lemon in the back here and they took it out. I said, mommy. I got a light in with the lines. They said, mommy. I feel a lot less like they were with the mommy. Yeah, I haven't felt this sad. But I mean since they just continued to have, they put the lemon in the back here and they took it all over. They put the lime in the back there and they put it on the floor. I used to different peptys when my dog was crying. We had opened my ear, and weed on it. Or mommy. Or maybe God meant better would be better. I mean, doctor or pepper, did I be a pepper to doctor? Philly's your crucifixion is he? I mean, doctor, I cannot find him for free, right? Sometimes I wish I would be free. If I said I'm a man in the fudge, I think I'm a good man in the way. 17, the Lunar 5, 16, W.U.M. and advice me if you should by the Broward County Health Department is warning people don't swim into water at beaches from dear field, beach south to Halendale, until appropriate testing in the water is completed. So many of these city for swimming at the city for a lot of beaches prohibited until further notice. Life guys and man, I'm duty at the beach, but just don't go in the water. Okay, don't go in the water from your field beach south to Halendale just hang out on the sand. Uh, papian at a strip club near West Palm Beach was shot wounded early today. I was strip club now, lest during a parking lot Coral, another customer, probably got his punishment for going to such a place that they'll be cute. That's right. The 22 year old man who was not identified by police was in stable condition local hospital after being shot once in the upper body. Police said the two have been inside. She does a strip club at 3342 Shawnee Avenue in West Palm Beach when the victim went his cell phone to another man. The other man reportedly stole a computer chip from inside the phone before returning it, resubbing an argument. I can't imagine why police said the shooting curtain when they stepped outside in the parking lot. Police said they've been his outside. Police didn't release the identity of the gunman who was described as a regular at the club. He was last seen driving away in a gold fort or Saturn car. There you go. Go get him. And get that phone back to why you had it. Get that chip. The water in the Fort Lauderdale is safe to drink. Finally says, are you reading the newspaper again? Yes, I am. Hot, damn. Yes, I am. State Health Department officials allowed the city to lift this board water notice yesterday afternoon. The 10th day residents endured it. The order had a trickle down effect. Some businesses had to remain closed. Residents worried what kinds of bacteria they might have been exposed to. They also wanted to know why their city was among the last drop of the water. We were exposed to a resident's scrency as one day after several cause the city hall turned up a little information. Nobody knows what's going on. And I have to be a little babies tonight. One of who they are. City officials said falling trees caused pipes in the water system to pop down all over town. Ranging the water to pop not pop down. They popped. Got it. Drying the water pressure would dangerous low for the county's largest water utility. Finding the water pressure was a problem. The water pressure was a job that took days and a team of 300 employees. The joke was if the water was underground, how could you have a break in the water line? It wasn't in earthquake. It was a hurricane. But it was the trees that trees pulled up the lines. The city's water status affected scores of people served by four water and any rate all the water utilities and Broward have dropped their warnings. The water is now safe to drink. Got it. Call of relief. And Broward. Drinking. Just chuck it down by the gallonful. Open the tap and drink that crap. You drink water out of the tap. No. Shai? It's a trif. Don't do it. It's trif. You're a siren or more. Don't drink the tap water. It's got like pork rinds in it. Broward County says don't cancel those holiday plans yet. Broward County School Superintendent Frank Tillson said it's a glacier plot. Like everything else. Broward to show you a rotten hill. That's what they want for the Jews. Broward and Hill when Jesus comes back. You're all going to hell. Broward County School Superintendent Frank Tillson went to the Infrared of Keep Winner and Spring Brates. The Martin Luther King Jr. was a great day in the last day of classes scheduled. Even though hercans have erased 13 days from the school calendar. We have enough extra days filled in the West. Gage will perhaps pull the off till said to keep from adding days. School officials and the Broward teachers union are mulling. Whether to hold classes during this retreats for a many teacher planning days. They can also extend these four many early release days at time to regularly schedule classes. See teacher planning days they usually do those under Jewel holidays. So they don't want to say, well, letting the kids off for your own kipper because you know, and it seems like what is only like 20 10 Jews in the class. You know, there's only two Jews in that class. They don't want to do that. So they said, what's the teacher's planning day? If it's a Gage holiday like Easter or something, oh, everybody gets off. No problem. They're proud of that. See the way we get discriminated against. Shai. Tanya is a conspiracy. Yeah. It's a Gage. It's a conspiracy. That's what Robert Greeper said. But what does he know that right way in self-hating piece of turd? The Florida Department of Education is also a great not told south school to the traditional 180-day term for public schools. Most likely, till said the fall semester now will end after winter break. And if they have a day at school on pace off, man, if they cancel the teachers day, and especially on form, when the kids better be right on a run eat in their home and touch and don't eat those stay a little hard ones either. Eat the nice big poppy ones, man, with the poppy's inside. Not the prunes. Don't eat the prunes though. And God only knows. 5 6 7 0 5 and also in Palm Beach, and now schools are reopening day today. Thank you. But, Bradford, Monday at the earliest, and Palm Beach says Monday at the earliest. Classes of what resumed Monday and Palm Beach County before Monday, that will make a two-week disruption for the hurricane. So, for until our Johnson-Sitz schools can't reopen the day or Friday because of lingering power outages at 14 schools and hundreds of intersections, they're still without traffic signals. A crowd run a five school bus routes Wednesday morning show that students will be hours late to class if schools reopen the day or tomorrow. That's because the single outages and accounting for an extra 90,000 vehicles on the roads when schools are in session. We can't run statewide a quad-educational program with the kind of later rivals we had today. Johnson told senior state officials once he had known clearly the test this morning was not a good one. Other concerns with opening schools this week are having students stand at bus stops for hours and sidewalks blocked by debris. So, they're covering their astral good and they're taking care of the kids allegedly and everything will be just fine. And what about the churches and the shuls, for example, speaking of all this holiday stuff? What about that? We had no listing of churches and shuls open and the mosques. Well, they never stop praising the Lord. But that's not the point. If they don't have a house or worship to go to get on their knees and do all that getsky especially stuff, then they're probably going to burn in hell where they get the body of Christ. And we're not going to be responsible for it. If we don't pass along that good information even though we might be reading it from the freaking newspaper, Jesus Christ. Yeah. See, I know there's my come as a shock to some people, but other than the internet and the online newspapers and online TV stuff, it's stuff like that, where would you get information, right? If you don't have any power. I mean, you can turn on CNN. But they got stupid ass Ted turn around there and I'm talking about your crap. With Sony Dad. Well, Sony Dad. I got the story that'll knock your socks off, baby. In fact, I got two stories about that wicked weed. All right. You ready for this? Did you see this from Denver? In the US, A, no less in the US. And I would hardly say the Colorado is what you call your best in a Raven liberalism, including Denver. But nevertheless, residents of the Mile High City, a Denver have voted to legalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana for adults. A 30s, though, said state possession also be applied instead. And if we don't use the state ones, we'll use the federal ones and the federal come in and nail your ass to the door like a chicken. Like a mizzosa on the door frame. With 100% of free things we've already asked today, 54% cast ballots for the ordinance, only 46% again. Under the measure, residents over 21 years old could possess up to an ounce of marijuana. Oh, my God. How do you like that? Huh? Everybody moving at or what? I have to move. Just come on up here. Just come visit up here. A lot of the big take the Toronto some, which is all it's good for a roll up a big fat one. And have a good time. Well, it is called the Mahai City for a reason, right? That's for the Hampshire. So you leave it to Shai. It's hidden back there on his ass. Do you know nothing waiting for the pizza to show up? And he throws in a line. And God willing, it's the governor's daughter's ranch. You're probably snorted. We indicated voters about the fact that marijuana is less harmful for the user and society that alcohol. How do you like that? We all know for a long time said, Mason, Teaver, how do you say that? TV, ERT. Mason's work. Campaign organizer for safer or safer alternatives for enjoyable recreation. To prohibit adults for making the rational safer choice to use marijuana is bad public policy. He said, and he is so lowly correct. He's not a good guy. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating. Bruce Merkin at the Washington DC based marijuana policy project said he hopefully approval a long day national trend toward legalizing a drug who's enforced. They said causes more problems than a cures. How about that 23-year-old kid that's dead now because he had that skill. That drug they were in the drug. Remember that this one team came in and he released crap over. And he was like, that guy was showing his hair. Bad guy. Dangerous. See you, Apple. Oakland, California. And a few college songs are ready of laws making possession of lowest law enforcement priority. The Denver proposal seemed to draw at least as much attention for supporters can pay tactics as he did for the question of legalizing the drug. Teaver argued that legalizing merger we need would reduce consumption of alcohol, which he says leads to a higher rates of car accidents, domestic and street violence and crime. The group criticized Mayor John Hickett Looper for opposing me for postal noting his ownership of a popular brew pub. Aha. See, there's always a cigarette a woodpile, a popular brew pub. He's got a vested interest there, a conflict of interest. Fire his ass. It also said recent violent crimes including the shootings of four people last weekend. There's a reasonable little legalized marijuana and steer people away from using the boo. Don't use it. Just smoke a big fat one. I don't see too many people getting all crazy up and drunk. I've found so bad about these people up. Those tactics, angered local officials and some voters, opponents also said it made no sense to prevent prosecution by Denver authorities while marijuana charges are most often followed under state and federal law. The measure would not affect the medical marijuana law voters approved in 2000. And due in the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that medical marijuana law is in color. Red or nine of the states would not protect license users from federal prosecution. The DEA, they're going to come in and get your ass. Also Tuesday voters in the ski resort of tele, tele ride, TELU, URID never heard of it. Did you know? No. The tele ride rejected a proposal make position. And now for less than or one or by people 80 year order, the town's lowest law enforcement priority. The measure was rejected. Oh, what a big town. 640 votes. It was rejected. 308, 430, 2 again. How do you like that? I've mentioned some of those people voted twice on the against side. Now, on the heels of that story, I'm going to hear this one. Okay. And has to do with the same topic. The son of my police chief, John Timony. I mean, I'm not going to say his name. Timony. Timony. That's not going to be clear. Timony. Yeah, that's not right. Chief John Timony has been arrested. His son, by federal agents in New York, for allegedly trying to purchase a hundred pounds of marijuana. A hundred pounds, not an ounce. Not a pound. A hundred pounds channel for it before he yesterday. Sean Timony, 37 of Brooklyn, was arrested in Westchester County Tuesday night. He doesn't sound like a Jewish name to me. He was scheduled to be arranged in a federal court in Albany. Oh, you know what I'd be in Albany. I'll tell you that. That's a fate worth and worth and death. The only thing worth in that is to be in disconnectony or Troy. Details are sketchy, but federal officials expected to be more details of the press conference. Chief Timony sent to her spokesman. He was aware of the arrest, but declined to come and calling it a personal matter. Yeah, right. On your anti-famanya police arrested some schmuck out there. Someone on a schmuck would try to buy a hundred pounds of pot. On your anti-famanya that it would be all over the front pages of newspaper. Yeah, and he had a lot of comments. And he had plenty of comments like see we're getting all these slime balls off the streets. But when a son tries to buy a hundred pounds of pot alleged, John Timony became amifully chief in March 2003. He and his wife, Noreen, also have a grown daughter. It's just like your fan asked out on the same thing. Anybody else gets the rice in a ringer. Right away, he's got to open up a big mouth. Watch sticking his nose in a Terry and her stuff. But when his son gets arrested for a drunken incident, or when his daughter is like a snorting it up, it's a personal family matter. We don't discuss such things. Right. You hypocrite, you phony, you idiot, Jeff. You fairly, you fan as phony. And thanks for low gas prices, you and your criminal brother. One thing about that family man, it's the criminal gang. They made funny and clive look like boy scouts and cubsca and girls scouts. The aesthetic. 549 votes on the pool. Don't forget we got the mole mice to read through the pizza thief. He just had a bad day don't you think? He was getting a spurred bad calls. I'll be honest with you because we heard on that segment you played. We're better than what we got so far today. Yeah, what you got to steal today? And I'm not blaming anybody else. It's just what's out there, man. It's what's out there. What do you got? Have any of you been in town long enough? Isn't four years long enough to tell you that's what you got? Man, I guess I must be responsible for that too. I, I, I, I transplant all these people to South Florida. I don't, I don't it. If there's like a big pile in your backyard, I probably don't that too. 550 votes. Who knew wish had become president, recent past, distant, whenever. Al Gore 170. Bobby Kennedy 138 John McCain 92. John Kerry only 56 as in Q 56. Mario Cuomo 23. Ted Kennedy, Solomon, say, uh, how do you say it? 20. At least even since 15. George McGovern 13. Hubert Humphrey 11 Nelson Rock of Everton. And Michael the caucus at the little shrimp boat still only five. Sand. This is Neil Rogers. This is a home land security time range advising you to put duct tape on your radio. When I raise the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Every day's at noon's in 40. We have a yellow line at my feet. They have something to hide at my feet. They do make it dark. What's with me and me, how does the smoke go to you? Like a yellow line at my foot corporate be your line. And that's why we have a yellow line. That's it's late. I believe in the one thing I choose. What do I call wish? She's at his head with a set of authentic noodles called food. And the night they once in the field. They have a yellow line at my feet. Something they can do by. We have a yellow line at my feet. Okay, so it's going to be pretty not really. It's going to be a little bit bigger than the sleeping. It's 12-0 at five-60WQM. Also, I just checked to make sure we had the news. The newest number is Matthew L. We do. There aren't any. We do have the latest ones from 60-clock this morning. Was there a 10 o'clock one on there? No. You know what that tells me? That tells me that's not a good sign. Maybe they didn't do anything. That's a well-spossible. Not a good sign. It should have been creeping along these last couple of days, George. Oh, sorry, George is out sick today, and so is his whole family. And they're foaming it to mouth because they got no power. They got no cable. They got no internet. They got no knot. They got that generator run, which is probably filled up the house with fumes and kiln all of them. Sounds like a massive lawsuit to me. Six o'clock this morning, still 230-8000 plus out in Broward. 190000 plus in date and over 100,000 Palm Beach counties. And a set for 2,530,000 out in date Broward in Palm Beach, which is all about 2,000 entire statewide homes that are out. So if you want to go out and plug your guts out, Carter is open with a full car today. They open 11 o'clock this morning. The poker room is open. They're going to have a full racing car. And those of you are bored. You got cabin fever. You're sick and tired of inhaling those nasty aug- Notchous fumes from your generator. Have a knock yourselves out. Now we got to be an hour one. I'm here. Well, I sure must have tried, you know what? George? I'm not seeing you heard that the pizza was coming in. Yeah, he did. I don't want any cracks from you about stealing pizza. Okay, you're the last one we need to jump on Ed van Wagn. Everybody piling on now. You're not going to do it, are you? Of course. Now did we ever find out what was on the pizza? That would be kind of interesting, I think, for the audience. There's a rumor it's pepperoni, but I'm not sure. That would be a good idea. Really? Sounds awfully traved to me. I hope nobody's stuffed some of Gary Sarnus this. I'll be having pepperoni and sausage when my pizza gets here. Yeah, that's good. That's my favorite right. Pepperoni and sausage. Very good and traved for the beef. So we heard the beast has got a fiancee. He's going to get married now. That would be a date set. We're thinking July, maybe. July, July. But you better lose an ounce of two before that date. Okay, that'd be a good idea. Yeah, I need a fun at talks of it. Comcast tries to speed restoration of cable TV service. Comcast facing pressure from customers even to get cable TV back when electricity returns to the yesterday. It was not waiting for Florida upon the salute to restore power before testing whether cable facilities were working. Don't wait for them, please, guys. If you wait for a Florida plunder, you'll be waiting till health raises over. If you wait until a George Bush gets an IQ over 10, by testing its equipment, Comcast etiquette can make repairs and enable cable service to return in homes as soon as electricity does. However, the company said just over half of its hubs for relaying cable signals to homes were operating. The number of customers with service could be less than that since folks from Spirrow, Canton. We used to be a funky news reporter on channel, I'm one of them, channel 4, I think. And for Spirrow, Canton? No. No idea. Comcast largest cable operator in Broward since some of its lines are being cut when the other workers removed the debris or repair the company's equipment. For example, of experience two major outages in the past today's due to other companies' restoration work that's inadvertently cut our fiber Comcast set in a statement. Meanwhile, Bell Souset, 390,000 customers in Broward, Palm Beach and Dave County's remained without a phone service yesterday that amounts to 16% of Bell customers in Broward, 14% in Palm Beach, and 10% so many VAs. Not good. And also speaking, not good. Because I'm sure a lot of you people think, oh, we're going to get some big rebates from FPL because our power is now for days. Going to get some really big rebates. Isn't that what they're thinking? I can't think that even the people down here can be that ignorant. Well, maybe they might and maybe they won't and who knows. Florida Power and Light customers who lost electricity because of Willa may not see a drop in their next electric bill. Depending on your billing cycle, some customers will get an estimated bill this month because meter readers are directing out-of-town restoration crews. That estimated bill could be slightly higher or lower than what you normally pay. Your next billing cycle, however, will be based on an actual meter reading and should include an adjustment between the estimated cycle and the amount of electricity actually read by the meter. Oh, thanks to my rate for the birthday card. By the way, that was a nice touch. And you liked that. I got a birthday card. You got a box and you left it right out. Happy birthday. Well, how come you're not telling me that? Because that's all it really says. Well, you have something to long your ears there. Well, tomorrow tomorrow is your birthday. I think most got a point about you, the longer you're there, the more you're becoming one of us. Not good tomorrow. What? Tomorrow is your birthday. So if a birthday is now my birthday, Saturday is my birthday. And I'm not coming into a show on Saturday, so everybody can call and say, Happy birthday, New Year. I tell you what, every birthday, I get all send it to you. Okay. No thanks. All right. We don't want to have to chop all the maple trees down up here. So you can waste my fat's paper, please. Well, are they signed? They got a name on them? I don't know. Really? Yeah, it's roll-mouth. Thanks very much, sure, for the birthday wishes now get lost. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. You're going to have to start with a new birthday. The rest of the day is moved up to November 13. November 13, which is 10 days from now. That's a boy. Long ways away. A long ways down the road. George. He ought to go to Greg and say, put us up at a fountain. Lour us a nice fancy fancy mommy and be towed. Or maybe four-later Dale Beach. Maybe the Yankee Cooper. What part they got open? Right. The old man just sits and reads out of the newspaper every day for hours. It's the number one way to show. You will tow. That's what I've been towed. Let me know as soon as the pizza gets there. I want to see if anybody comes in and try to lift some. Or at least a little before too. That would be funny. If he had a snob, it would be great. If he had a snob, it would be great. If he had a snob, it would be great. If he had a snob, it would be great. If he had a snob, it would be great. If he had a snob, it would be great. He would be fine on him walking in the door. He would be taking his life. He just doesn't want to play with us. That's the problem. He wants to be a hard ass. He wants to be very bombastic. He's sports is crap. Even on a sunny bright day, sports is like in. He didn't say that. He did say that. That's not taking it also seriously. We've got to talk about sports. There are people out there having a power that can't go over. They've got no TV. They've got no pop up toast. They've got nothing going. They've got nothing going. They're like really offshore. They've got a few slices of pizza. They're a couple of guys at Power 96. They've got a couple of mentors. They've shared as many as they said. How about pie here? Pieces here. See my second powers? Here's a news for you. I'm sorry about the avion flow that's trying to keep you in a state of panic. That's what they do. Just like Michael Moore told you, keep everybody in state of and Power of nightmares. Keep everybody a feared, a scared. Richard Branson chairman of Verging Group Limited said today that his company is looking into machines and new technologies to put on aircraft to kill germs in anticipation of a bird flu pandemic. He said his company is purchased 10,000 doses of the 10 offload drug for his death. You know, the drug that Donald Rumsdale has got all that stock in the company? He's asked the question about company's holding time of flu brands and said, We've got time of flu because our staff is on the front line. Branson also said that the defined Virgin's best efforts to predict seven passengers if the flu starts spreading person to person will almost certainly affect the airline industry. A most profound comment about Richard Branson. Five hundred eighty votes on the poll now. Let's see, what we do doing the show yesterday, seven fifty was right? We would like to eclipse the seven fifty for me as they only be sure that we're making some progress. Right? Yeah. We didn't do audience back over now. You're not going to be dipping into that pizza. How many did they bring? Just that if you're asking one pizza, but I don't like sausage and pepperoni. They brought you only one Solomon Deuno? Yeah. What's that? That's not going to feed you guys in low. You know, I got me some spaghetti and meatballs and some garlic rolls all the time. First, huh? That would be good. First of all, when the beast tells me that he's not in the pizza with pepperoni and sausage, the idea that you're selective in your dietary pursuits. Said that I find most amusing. I really, I don't like that. Really? When I am definitely pepperoni, I hate the protein. That's how it turns to me. Well, it's kosher. It's fucking low! Alright. Where's the blood by a pit no drugs or something? I think it's going to be going. What are you doing? It's going to be going. You got to try this and make it into your cell phone. That's what I'm doing. What's going on? Do I do it? Do I do it? Do I do it? Do I do it? Do I do it? Do I do it? Do I do it? I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. What? Oh, don't go. God knows it. You probably need to do it. Do I do it? That's what somebody have to get to me. Or do I do it, boy? No, I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. number one with three bullets already was great on insurance. 12.15 at five sixty wq a m i b m is created a chip which is this is fascinating why you're jumping on your pizza my pasta now you it all i think you said the pizza are got a piece of i got a spaghetti of meatball over here to i see so if that's the case in the business of the city of pizza don't you think just out of the just a try to like men the fence a little bit especially the nasty things that you said this morning and then you went out of your way to play that five minutes segment which i thought was really way over the top is that right i enjoyed it tremendously myself but you know what i'm going with this don't we got the micro ability to hit it up you want me to offer him pizza don't you couple slices of two o'clock i think it would be a nice a nice gesture on your part i think you would get really offended what why is that i think if i walked in to the studio right offer him pizza he might do would tell you where to stick it right don't know what you're saying might do what he might smack his uh... punch you to mouth might think i'm trying to be a smart at it would be used to people being nice to him see i i i i don't know what i don't know what to help us to do i mean we're trying desperately i mean the story that i told it was all over the building was a true story it was not that i was not a kosher thing to do but it's not the end of the world and it certainly isn't a harm is image which quite frankly i can see how how you we can do that he's already done so much on his own to create whatever it is right now even the power people don't like him when we buy that i mean power ninety six i think that he had the help people now they don't need their the power ninety six people hate you too now moisties well i mean why not at least make it a clean sweep right why should they be on the outside looking in pretty much and hang this morning really pining on their team what was a company made about were uh... what was it something about bonding we all are common cause we all hate to same guy that was over the top of that was bad and she was very bad that was not that you want to offer a couple of slides i think you to appreciate the gesture we we are to look i think the very bit of a rand whatever that comes we are trying desperately to like mend our fences a little bit make you understand it's not personal it's the only business no i it's only it's not business is only personal right right i could say that's business and it's personal then at bc sitting there just oh brother i can see the look on your face right now you are said you're such a professional at the end of man such a shmit this derber i had nothing on this one you know about it oh because i went to the kitchen after and i saw twenty boxes of pizza for one place in one pappa john's box yeah and uh... you know that had pizza not in it anymore because someone took it is it mean is that our fault that he got there too late to enjoy the jury in joseok in it earlier if you did he would have had a heads up on that he would if he would have been listening with usually is he would have only had jury in jose well that's the thing i hear that there were still pizza in the right in josebok but it wasn't it wasn't hot it was cold so was not a part of that part now you're making a story worse no serious so another was he couldn't take the cold stuff and put it in the microwave that we have right there in the studio and the microwave the kitchen right there too oh boy that's bad so he wanted it taught in fresh i think you could probably get some of the hot in fresh probably a pile of it but anyway that's another would you don't think it's a good idea to try like many differences little bit especially when he's trying time i tell you what all go in and off from pizza but i have an idea that he's going to react the way he did all the way he did all the way why not have Robert be the pimps since he's always sucking up anyway to their face anyway why not have him be the intermediary intermediary say what i'll walk in the studio hold up your feet he can say here's what you can say you can say we're inviting mode to wish me a happy birthday just like he did that time with me invited me to come in and shake his hands and tell me the real story about how George you're he'd try to get fired okay and you can tell him that uh he can wish me a happy birthday and we'll give him the pizza as a piece offering it to the same time try to come him down he's he's out of the essay like he was on the idea of losing it and that thing you played and it's the reason for that i mean still in pizza in the middle of a hurricane emergency is not it's not the worst crime that could be you know it's right in there that's in the top five when you yeah when people are completely different and they're different especially those push lepers at power ninety six but anyway you see what happens okay give it a shot and then we can report on it okay i'll give it a shot but you will i that's probably what you're getting return i didn't agree to the chip that can slow down light the latest advance in an industry wide effort to develop computers that will use only a fraction of the energy of today's machines mine the chip called a photonic silicon wave guide is a piece of silicon dotted with arrays of tiny holes scattered systematically by the holes light shown on the chip slows down to one three hundred minutes original speed of a hundred and eighty six thousand miles per second in a computer system slower life pulses could carry data rapidly but in orderly fashion the like it be further slow by playing electric field of the wave guide researchers at Harvard and the University of Berkeley, California have showed a slow light in laboratories IBM claims that its light slowing devices the first to be fashion out of fairly standard materials potentially paving the way toward commercial adoption a number companies and University researchers are currently tinkering with ways to replace the electronic components inside computers which theory signals with electrons with optical technology optical equipment for ease data on photons the smallest measure of light photons are far faster more important optical equipment generates less heat curving the growing problem of heat and power consumption the catch however is that until recently cleaning optical components has been more of an art than a science the components cost a lot more to make and can't be cranked out the millions like silicon chips another factor optical parts are typically big unlike silicon chips which measure only few silly millimeters on the slide on a side on a slide progress in blending the best of both technologies is advancing rapidly however Intel's done a string the reman laser fashion from silicon Intel and startup luxeterah have shown off silicon modulators which chop up the light from a laser so it can represent data pretty amazing man heavy duty stuff so when you're going to be putting those stories out pretty soon it's going to look happen in about two seconds we all those good so that means I'll start sending a whole lot more of them like about 80 a day so for practice I never start tomorrow again no you're good let's not see you got pasta and thanks by the way Tony or Brad over at Tony yeah Brad did a good this time we got a look I got some garlic rolls low spaghetti meatball universe baby Brad up there at Tony's 4.4.4.4193 they're open for business they're sling after really good stuff and everybody loves it in the beast is not participating huh oh no he is he just took the meat off the pizza oh man you are so full of it god when we're looking for that hot brown pot I mean at hot pot we were talking about before and always exactly who we can look for to supply a forest good galley that's bad five and that is true by the way when you were on that I was mentioning before yeah when you were on a balance for life you were eating the their food and your regular together only on the weekend yeah and we can he was eating that is like kind of an appetizer a porch by before to make course yeah so you've had a couple slices leftover for our close personal friend oh yeah I'm I'm sitting and y'all you're the one not Josh you know leave him out of this he's already had enough trauma you're the guy that needs to go in there if anybody needs a piece of friend you're the guy bring him a piece are you up to can you handle the challenge no problem okay about according to he up once you've popped couple slices in a microwave he did up real ice put it on top of some paper towel take it in there and say okay here you go here's here you go mo and then you come back and report what you don't think that's a nice gesture I really don't think I should be who I think the one not you're wrong you are absolutely the one absolutely absolutely you're the one if anybody needs to start many some fences mister you're the guy who said you hate that has no name Democrats intensified bush lands and that's good news you're not going to start being out of the newspaper right yeah I am as a matter of fact I got some great story including I got a good one man so is after using blue covered toilet I got that one but first Democrats yesterday escalated their fire rate tax on president Bush's rationale for going to war by time his decision to the indictment of top administration aid who played it not guilty they by the way scooter lily an aggressive political strategy that has energized the parties anti-war activist space and better late than never board talk about late but any after sent a minority leader Harry Reid and Nevada force the senate into a rare closed or sent into debate whether Mr. Bush manipulated intelligence information about what was the message struck in the wreck is a pretext for war he and other democratic leaders stepped up their rhetoric and demands and abid the drive the issue back into the news how are dean the democratic national committee chairman who's ill-fated 2004 presidential campaign was fueled by opposition to the war called on the White House and Dick Cheney to answer questions about their roles in manipulating intelligence information to build support for the war smearing opponents of the war and covering up that smear campaign it's the old smear and smear which I've been telling you for a hell of a long time and as usual I had my faimanit House Democrat leader Nancy Pelosi of California and Mr. Reid also said Bush a letter asking him to apologize for the actions by Mr. Cheney's chief of staff, school or livid and any other officials who may have been involved in the CI leak investigation. Senate majority leader Bill Fist returned fire yesterday charging that Mr. Reid's technical senate and Bush was a political stunt that took us off what we need to be doing about energy prices deficit reduction in the economy this was a political stunt from the party of no that says obstruct filibuster which they've said in the past and it's a vacuum of ideas that's reflected within their party Mr. Fist on Fox news no less fox fascist news but democratic national security strategy said the practical effect of Tuesday Senate maneuver could backfire and drag down Democrats even more than drag down the Republicans he's full of crap fueling Mr. Reid surprised the decision for the co-session of the bait Mr. Bush's war rational was his party's large vocal anti-war base which is increasing the flame of the dominant role in saving Democrats critical posture against the war in Iraq. I've been waiting for this day for five years the Democrats have finally found their voice and maybe they will lose it again said Kenneth Lure co-founder with liberal activists area in a hooking dinner the huffington post dot com finally they've said enough the left wing website daily cost comm said Mr. Reid's move was worthy of a wild west gunfight the move was pure political brilliance they said several other such as author David Wallachinsky raised the prospect of impeachment asking is this a Nixon moment on the horizon we can only pray he said I don't think most Republicans they are quite there yet which was Bush but Bush did allow his chief political advise and vice president to out of CIA agent because their husband challenged the factual basis of Bush's rationale for sending American soldiers to work to die of 2003 five by the way at least that's his last time I looked at could be more right now because they're done by the seconds but again we better find those two chicks and chance work California right right let's take care the important stuff right now I have to worry about that chicken a rubble again so that read across these got something to talk about and then maybe we'll start worried about that damn war twenty seven past noon a QA when you think mattresses you think of ceiling posture beating the top song mattress band in America it's the gold standard when you think of buying an extremely past your 50 think of dialometrist one eight hundred mattress the easiest possible way to get you a new city posture pretty with dialometris and factory right prices nobody and I do mean nobody sells silly posture pretty for less dialometris carries the areas logists in the turret with all sizes and cover levels and stuck ready for a same day delivery you can get up and I'd sleep as soon as tonight if you make the call right now one eight hundred mattress number one a customer send a spec they still at you choose the eight and time for delivery and into our window that you pick when it's convenient for you when your fat ass is going to be home even the first same day that you call with a no risk thirty days but thirty minutes comfort trial in your own bedroom plus they give you a free set up and free removal on all libraries all the time too I've been using for a long time and a smart folks are QAmen one of others are doing it too in fact join over two million customers who skip those expensive chain stores for fast easy affordable mattresses from dialometris one eight hundred mattress that's the number to call one eight hundred mattit RES leave off the last is because it stands for sensational stupentice saving this tiff isNeal Rogers this is one sixty two fae A REI HERMOW I know my house won't be there anymore Doesn't matter, underpour It's not always weird Well, there's many guys It's no longer the most alone Here, my car is full of fun Roads are not open You know, be my just one calm I won't try driving far, far away I've come the landfall of this hurricane The full of guy in the rubble pile With his sense right out Over the mile and Jesus Under the King We'll march on home I have some of the safe roadings experts These Monday morning quarterbacks Well, you should have had your water You're somebody to our supply And you should have had your food That's not helpful at this time See what I'm saying? Think of pointing back into four bastards Just like your fat ass governor is saying the same kind of crap On one hand, he's taken the rap for it But on the other hand Well, you should have all been prepared by now And after all these storms, I'm the idea Yeah, that's very helpful at this point Okay, nice of you People want their help They want their cable back They want their power back They want their internet back Not necessarily when they're full and back They want all of their stuff. They want their pizza back They want their baby back ribs Who do they used to be? Who do they have chilies? Chili, that's chilies? Yeah No Yeah We want our baby back baby back that chilies? Yeah We're Bob and Bruce Ols Huh 620 people So I think we're gonna top that 750 for yesterday Which will mean we're on the road We'll recover here on a show as well as on the radio land See I think that gesture that I'm suggesting And I'm very serious about that I think the message there is Hey, if those hard asses at power 96 to want to share their pie with you We'll share it anytime you want okay Even in spite of your behavior We're just gonna prove the event We're not as bad as you think Does that mean every time I get a pizza I have to share it with them? No Okay good Unless he comes in and asks very nicely I share a couple of slices of your pizza Josh That would be okay Of course he wouldn't do that. We just grab away. Do not look at it Even while you are like that I don't think he needs that But I'm just thinking right now just the The timing of it I think would be a little bit on the amusing side And also very helpful. I think he probably could you know these little Suspens before working over have mic for two hours Sweating over all those idiotic calls Yeah, I'm gonna speak of that. Come any QAM hello I want one child back WQAM hello C'mon See now am I gonna get upset about that no I just hit the elbow button okay no come on give it That must have been thanks fall Thanks set him up to call. No, I've got I take it back. It must have been rock solid Oh, it's called Every every nut job that we get calling in what we'll do is we could take a mini instant pull and see who we can blame on it Each call because they can't all be because of the same person that's a good pull Who like I like the crankos that come after to which are all my fault but the ones that I've been getting for like the last 30 years In fact even before somebody came to town who's called with always? Yeah, that's a good pull whose fault is it for the colors initial? Yeah, I will work something out as worded as spiffies I would like but it's it's got the roots of it I don't see any a lot of calls coming in yet All right, because there's six minutes delay hasn't cranked up then or we're taking calls yet Okay, you got those two really good ones right there. They were good 567.0560 How in five 60 and leave horizon see get a wireless line? Take it at between now and one one 15. Let's take at least six 700 calls. What do you say? What do you guys have chowned out of that good stuff from tell me's up there on 441 where Brad takes really good care of us WQAM hello WQAM hello That may have been Whatever, you know, nice going around had a little material this time WQAM hello high checker WQAM hello How are you doing pretty good paly now you're not gonna be our first meal call of the day are you? I doubt it. Oh I like those ranges, huh? Yeah, like I said WQAM hello Well, it's been gonna hockey don't forget we got the pant of people at 630 from the fleets center It is not the fleets center. Oh, that's right. They changed an over what is an empty-died bank north garden? How silly, but the interesting part of it is they still have those silly yellow seats to that when they have all those empty seats Here's a little message for all you kids out there when you grow up and build your own arena Don't put yellow seats in it because when they're empty there's so can spiky was fired their presence and And it ruins who are drawing very Craply since they moved into that newer arena not like the Boston garden no more I've said to that have you been there in the new arena? Yes For what for hockey game or as ever a couple hockey games a couple of other games in a press concert and how is it? Nice it's okay Now what about the location because then a Boston garden which when I lived there I was there many many times Same with the you think they subway the MTA and you will I dropped your right at the entrance to the garden Just like here you can go to Union Station and go right to the air Canada center you walk across and you're right inside Yeah, the tea goes right there. It's the same location as where the garden was right there. I'll be damned See how well I am the tea now they've been called a tea for about a hundred years But it was the MTA when I was there and of course that inspired us on by the Kingston trio the MTA Which I'm sure you're familiar with sure you're not no idea oh you love that being a Boston guy the MTA We'll Charlie ever return it says it's a great song. I can't sing it for it Anyway, Gully who's doing a fine job now? Have you heard the broadcast now your guy can ask yeah and I think he's doing a good job I think he's doing a fine job and he gets better every game. I mean he's you know learning on the job He's getting better every yet. I think he's doing a very good job And I think he's a big improvement over the old buddy that he replaced. I don't want to get juggish McDonald's off So with me again, but who cares? You know, I mean judge was a hundred years old. That's all he would miss goals and stuff I remember this is a true story I went with a friend to a leaf spanther's game. This is out of no couple years ago and I made me three years ago Curtis Joe's have couldn't stop a bowling ball and again And it was like three nothing panthers before you know it and I just got disgusted after one period we left And it really in the second period. I got to be three nothing and then it was three to one and then and all of a sudden now or in the car going to my house and They's the least word two goals very fast to tie the game and I and I'm listening on a radio I never heard either one of them You know I'm saying I never he he heard either girl called that's not too good. No Since that's basically what called a hockey game is all about I was just never big fan of his in the first place But you know, he just and then he also turned got to be a little bit of a In front for specta for Alfred's sense of not going in the coming And stress this one to get to a state Philip's relative extra deck is on the ice rattle on Tara send it in front finally the saber touch it That was a nice game. You see the finals for when I came Buffalo for out of what 10 Mr. wasn't bad enough that out of what inverse the least last Saturday eight nothing now they pile up on poor buffalo 10 before that's bad. They're good man out of a and you'll hear the score the coach about it is by the way Beast the coach of the out of a senators BM the spokesman man primary he's the coach Yeah, we were Marcus Nielsen and we hit BM you just you're useless five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a rise in senior regardless line I don't even know why you go to a hockey games of bus. You don't know anything about it You don't understand it was that thing you're like can't nearly blow up dollars in it Yeah, I mean I knew hockey the days of like Kenny Lindsman and Brad park But ah here we go don't pull a defl on me again, please come any Q.A.M. Hello Come any Q.A.M. Hello Q.A.M. Hello Yes, is it sophomore John. Yes. Yeah, I wanted to compliment him on news talk quick weather and I Excellent, you know who's responsible for that call? Who do you think? I think the mad dog done Q.A.M. Niel, this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste Blondberg Come on everybody I've seen a last playing game I got caught in play the blame Boy then after the game Hello and The pair doesn't play in Pops 5, I'm making you proud. Making you proud. Making you proud. Something again. 445 to 560WD. We got 646 votes on our pool. We're rolling along here. I think we might get to 751. That would make me very happy. That would be a nice birthday gift. Wouldn't it? 751? Yeah. And we tomorrow like 755. We don't want to overdo it. Because you know, I'm looking at that thing. I keep looking. Every break. I'm looking for you folks. Looking for the 10 AM advisory from FPA. Florida Plunder Reload. And guess what? Here it is. There's no more. You know what that tells me? You know what the message is that I'm getting? What's that? Because it's 1246. The message I'm getting is they're not making much progress. In other words, we'll be too embarrassing to put up a new report and shows they've got like four more households on. Every day. They'll pick a big break today. This is unacceptable. It's like 10 days later folks. 10 days count them. And there's still almost a quarter of them. And almost a quarter of them. And people in Broward County don't have power. 238,100. And almost 200,000 day, 190,600. And in Palm Beach County, there's a little over 100,100,100. That sucks. And like I've been saying over and over again, if 17,000 wouldn't get the job done, if 20,000, then bring in 30,000. Drag them off the streets. Right? And this business about well now they're bringing in from the West Coast. How come this now? The West Coast has been back in good shape for a long time now for days. Only 2,000 homes in the entire state of Florida are without power, 1500, Martin County, 500, say Lucy County, and the other 530,000 are all in date, Broward and Palm Beach. Now let me ask you, how did a category three hurricane do so much damage in our three counties? And as it came, I realized the Everglades are anybody living there. But as it came across the West Coast in Naples and Fort Myers and all of these places and things, how come we didn't do that much there? That's just as that a dumb question. Wouldn't you think that I mean granted? There's no mountains in Florida and there's no high land. Wouldn't you think that the greatest impact would be a decay on shore? And that is across land that would lose a little bit of its own? Wouldn't you think that? You would think? 530,000 people still no power and that's 10 days after. And now they're saying by 2,000, they 95%. They didn't say which 2 day though. I think they meant 6 weeks from the surface. 2 days my ass. Okay. My next 2 day. The day and that is November the 8th. 95%. You want to make any bets on that? Get a whole day at any case. I know we're back from Vegas and the Humphor. And that's how we got that line is. And after no line odds, I would have 95% back on by Tuesday. Tuesday, November 8th. Or I'll give me a break. Confidence is low. It's mighty low. But callers running full car today. They're open right now. The Polka room is open. They're plunging their guts out. I mentioned the Humphor went out there when you heard that it was open. So you guys have that word this morning, Vesternaut. What's that? I'm not calling her being open today. I'm not sure if we did. Well, that's audio league. That's how you're territory. I got like you can't afford to be plunging on horses when you lose an all your money to the slots. That is true. Yeah, you ought to come up here sometime. Maybe go honeymoon and I'll be a falls with your bride and you'll come up here and you don't have to come up here and go to Niagara Falls Falls because you know, for your school of fortune, lose your ass. I love that game. I do. I'm a, you know, something. I said, I'm glad that I got somebody on here who's sucking around a little bit. But nevertheless, it's addictive. I'm going to suit them. I'm going to assume we're Griffin. I'm going to sue a fan of white. And of course, what's his name? Pants AJ. It's an addictive game. You know that, right? Oh, I know. I get it from my dad. He has real issues. And the thing with us, the spin, you know, they can take a spin and they can shove it. There isn't anybody on it. And you know, when you get the pink 30 on the wheel, I don't want to get to inside when you get to pink 30, that's what that's called a kiss of death. Your machine can be hot as a pistol man. It can be spitting out coins like crazy. And you get to pink 30. But I'm being, that's the end. That you didn't know that, did you? I did. And I'll tell you what's the best. One of the best ones other, you know, big payoff is the 20, which is the lowest number on the dollar machine. You might not. That's good. Why is that good? Because that means your machine is on the, you're my machine. Mine is on the bottom of the cycle. And not always been for your often. It means it's, once you get a spin fairly quick and get off that 20, the machine is going to go bankrupt and pay like crazy. Seems like you have a lot of experience. Oh, you got to do the one and all. You must have it all figured out. Yeah, I got to finger it out all right. And then, of course, I can tell you about the smell of the people who said, next year, would buy it. But I won't. Not again. Not so close to most lunchtime. Here's a fact that this is the reason I play that noodle thing. It says, I hear it announcer doing either weather or traffic on 940, WI and Z. You call themself, Don Anthony. You supposed to see old Don agony from love 94 days? Uh, I don't know. Also, Don agony was known as good time. Newtories are great taste. Neil, this is noodle. Good. You only noodles I like are like a luchin coatle. And pasta, which I can't eat. That's what I'm happy to grab you. But I don't have to grab you. Do I have to grab you? Does anybody know what happened to Greg? Did he like it? Can't again. I just cry. Well, what's his story? For Greg. And that's just not a great name for a lot of us. Any other well-scrared. What was the guy's name for the button on the beach that died a few months ago? Greg, something. And for a lot of the time, you know what I'm talking about? No. Well, whatever. George still doesn't have power by the way. I just mentioned that he lives in Hollywood over there in the area by that shell and 995 area between there in the beach, have a leaf. So some of you people over there, some of you executive is in FD. And I'm going to tell you one thing. George comes back tomorrow from his illness around Monday. He is going to tell you, I'll hand over to him an hour of the show just to personally review an ass. When do you think that's a good idea? Yeah. And he would have a good hour because he's hate life right now. George, to personally vet his anger and frustration and angst over to kind of incompetence in his family is sick. He's sick. They can't even crank up the flavor wave oven. He's got the generator going on. Yeah. They're probably all sick from the funeral for that damn January. You people out there who are in that, let me say it again. Don't get a generator. Not a good idea. The people with smoke a lot. Speaking of that, US leads ways and leads the way of medical errors. Patients in the US reported higher rates of medical errors and more disorganized doctor visits and out of pocket cost than people in Canada, Britain, and three other developed countries according to a survey released today. 34% of US patients received wrong medication, 34% in proper treatment, a incorrect or delayed test results in last two years. They come in well-fun fund. 34% that's over a third. Yeah. They're doing great. 32% of Canadian patients reported similar medical errors. They followed by only 27% of Australians, 25% in New Zealand, 22% in Germany and 22% in Britain. Driven by a driven up by a relatively high medication and labor test errors. At 34% the spread between the US and the countries with the lowest error rates was wide. Tanty Shane, shown, seen by President of the Commonwealth Fund wrote in the journal Health Affairs. The Commonwealth Fund says its mission is to support independent research on health care issues. Researchers conducted the pull between March and June of this year questioned adults who had experienced some kind of serious condition and required intense medical treatment or been hospitalized for some other than routine pregnancy. Overall, patient experiences often paid a picture of no person or team, responsible for ensuring that care is coordinated and continuous with the focus on patient needs. Patients in the US reported the highest rate of disorganized care at doctors' offices. 33% disorganized care followed by Germany with 26% Canada with 24 in New Zealand, 21. Patients also stood out for short-range medical expenses that knows not the countries. More than half said they didn't take their medicines or see a doctor because it cost too much. I think like that, sign America, baby. People are starving. People are polishing. People are dying over here. Can't afford their medical care. What do we worry about? We're worried about those two chicks from a chats with California. Where are they? With the ones with the black boots on. W2AM, hello. W2AM, hello. Yes. This is Tony. I want to tell you the guy's name was Greg Newwell, Crazy Greg Newwell. Greg Newwell, that's the guy. Oh, hi. It's just Neil. Neil, hi. And that's what we should have to be. My birthday is March 1st, which I know is your anniversary. It's your birthday. It's my birthday. 30 years on March 1st. 30 years. Oh boy. My wife and I are here home. We're sick as dogs. No electricity. We're lying in bed. She says turn on Neil. Turn on Neil. So you're on and we're listening. Thank you for us. Okay. We're dealing with what part of town. Uh, selfie section by the courthouse right behind the channel. Seven. That's how easy you have no power. I thought selfie. It's a selfie. Self-eased. Oh, so. Self-eased. That's how it's how it's. Oh, sofies by the four-loved real courthouse. Yeah. Right about six-loved. Oh, hey. Yeah. For the black pal. Well, thanks a lot, Neil. I'm in there. Dr. Lader. I'd be like that. Sofies did an F4-loved real thing. Well, there was a lot of wires. Yeah. You also want to excuse as they want their power back. Those people are sick in his house. Just like a Georgia's house. Okay. You maniacs. And I'm going to say it again. Everybody listening to me and South Florida right now knows this is true. It can be like the middle of January. Way out of Hurricane and send the tropical storm season out of rainy season. It could be 75 degrees of sunshining. There is an cloud in the sky. And all of a sudden in the middle of the day for no particular reason. But a bang. There goes your power. Maybe it may be a pigeon flow over with real serious wild diarrhea. Maybe that didn't. That's all it takes. You know what I'm talking about, don't you? I do. I have never lived anywhere in my life where the power goes out. Just all the time. I can understand during a storm. I can understand the end of the world is coming. It's like tornadoes and whatever. We're like on our bright sunny day. When there's an adan thing going on. And then of course you have to reset all your, you know, your VCR and your this and your They got reset 8000 clocks and the thing on the microwave and two minutes. There it is again for a couple seconds. And that just frost my fat. Oh, last. You know, one thing I'll say here. Now you'll be called Josh the power that they had to do the show on the phone. Yeah, that was a unique. Well, I mean, I have any choice because I got, I got this power back up to the last for half an hour. They want to keep this bacon noise. But there was a, somebody struck a water main or something and an act of power out in a whole area of town for whatever that was. And that was once the other time in the four years I've been doing shows from here a lot. The other time was the big black out in the whole Northeast. Remember that day? Do you remember that? I don't. I don't know if I was with you guys. And anyway, there was a whole power black out over the Northeast. I remember that, but while we went off the year, I actually actually, I take that back and happen after I was off here. Happened about 40 afternoon and it didn't. I don't think it affected the show. But in any way, no, because my power power came back at about two, three in the morning. So those are the only two times that I can tell you that it's a power everyone out here. And it was because of that somehow, a concrete reason. In other words, there was a reason for a spite of the winter and the snow and the other storms. I mean, we got to stuff that happens here, but the power stays on. How do you like that for five minute people? What's the story down there in Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, What is your story, huh? Can't keep it up. Isn't that the problem? That's what Joyce said. Can't keep it up. 1257 and five six and now you're getting excited about the pizza or what? I am thrilled. Now, you think this is a bad idea? I know it's a bad idea. I'm going to do it anyway. No, no, you're not going to do it. I thought the least is not doing it. He's not going to do it. Why not? Oh, you are such a was you talk of the game, but you are such a wasle man. What? What, I was. Because Josh, Josh, I think could go in and say he's bringing peace, but he would never believe me if I said I was doing it. And that little piece, if he thinks I'm going to make up with him, he's going to be the last piece of crap. This is five six and a half days. It's so loud to feel how it is. In that power company, you put the utility in utility, and you'll be a Florida paradise in life. There is a hurricane that blows as much as you can. When a storm threat, we can count on you to turn our power off long before it gets in. We've been the rest of us who marvel at the blue flag exploding transporters, providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology. And if the moist heat of tropical darkness, we can eat calories in our radios, broadcast your latest recipes for South Florida. That says your trucks and foods are ready to roll from the alapamas state border, and the question in every one's mind is, huh? So as we search for the appropriate answer to how many FBI emergency crews does it take to change the lightholds, learn a paradise in life, this hurts for you. In that power company, boom boom boom. 101 at 560-WM, we got the big one to two are now. Then we got the mole-mysterate two, with the answer pizza. Four o'clock, it's mad dog. Six thirty-pant their preview, the panthers, like I said, at the whatever that place is called, the formerly fleet center, the TD bank North Garden, and in Boston, seven o'clock Sunday, a bronze hour, like I said before, they're so similar to panthers. I think they're both very similar so far. They're up and down, they're in and out. And the Kurdists were at a K at 10, and the K is on his way back from Vegas. A lot lighter than he was before. After these a heavyweight, but I guarantee his wall is empty. So let me ask you. Yes. What do you think's going to happen? You think he's just going to be like, okay, no problem. I don't know. I have no idea. I doubt it. I've got all the panzers. It depends on which side it is. It's a hip-to-baggy swinging under day. I don't know. I say you get to real defensive. In other words, you're going to go right in there to his studio. Is that what you're going to do? I'm going to use Robert as the intermediary. I'll just walk in the studio where Robert isn't hold up the box and say, hey, you know, but he's going to take that to the wrong way. That's not a good idea. So what you're going to do? What are you asking? You want me to walk in his studio? No, no, but I don't hold up the box. I would take two hot slices into his studio. And I'm going to take some paper towels there. You've got a lot of paper towels. I think a couple of slices put in the microwave. He doesn't let it in. Nice and good. And if he doesn't let him, I bet you Robert lead him. Even though it's traced. Don't you think so? Yeah. You're probably right. Well, there you go. So at least, look, at least we offer. Okay, a little piece offering. Right. A little trying to calm him down. Will read this over the top. This is the second time to say, what was the last time to say? Oh, I know what it was. You know what it was? What? Let me give you a little clue. Casey and you're on QAM. Remember that? I do. So he made a mistake. Okay. I have nothing in the world. He says there's no national gardener. So, you know, nobody's perfect. I make mistakes all the time. I come on a year here at 10 o'clock. That's a lot of times a bad mistake. I start taking those dumb calls at the bad mistake. Nobody's perfect. Okay, I'm all believe me. We've seen you. Nobody's perfect. Trying. Just keep just over the very last moment. But in our last gasping breath, I'll try. Maybe he won't show up today. He'll be there. If he wasn't going to show up, we don't have any schedule change. Parents would have been there breathlessly crossing out and do whatever. But when I want to say that, I don't always say that we say thinking on your part, maybe. And why is that? Well, just be a lot lighter here if there were no mo. Maybe a lot lighter there without you. I'll take it there. About 10 to 50 pounds lighter. Oh, my. 778 votes on a pool. We need, let's see. We need a lot. We need, what's 22 and 51 is 73 votes. We buy two o'clock. We can sure do that. Because yesterday we had 750, which I thought was pretty good. All we got that scooter. Let me on his crutches there as a very tough defense lawyer. The court wrote, yeah. He's on crutches. See, God is punishing him. Whatever his ailment is. And I have no idea what his. He's been on his crutches for a while. That's, that's what happens, baby. God is punishing you, scooter. Anyway, speaking of being punished and bad here, Peezes. Aaron Brown, who is one of my least favorite people. Why any whiny Aaron Brown. Oh, God. Just before you go to bed, you turn on CNN to see if anything's happening in the world. There is Aaron Brown whining. And if you go, man, it's enough to give you wildfire. We all night. Aaron Brown, once one of CNN's most prominent anchors, it says here, is leaving that as compared to whom I guess. Is leaving that work after a shake up that gives just prime time, slot to rising star Anderson Cooper and expands it to two hours. Anderson Cooper sends me straight to the pooper out there. He leaves me with him. He's nothing. I like it. I like a coupe. I don't can't stand him. I'd rather watch me to cause me. And I'd rather be dead than turn on that bitch. He is so overweight. He's such a lightweight, some of the stupid questions he has. He's an idiot. But he, you know, he made his mark there during the hurricane during Katrina in New Orleans. And so now all of a sudden, he's a star. Cooper's old 7pm show will be filled by an expanded version of the situation room. Oh, we have to go back to the situation room with Wolf Flitzkrieg. The late afternoon program attracting attention for its arresting use of multiple video screens. Oh, yeah, somebody ought to be arrested for writing this crap. The situation room I asked. With Brown left without a time slot, we mutually looked at the late land and came to this conclusion that he would leave. Said you were. Said CNN, US president Joe Klage on Klein. We looked at the late land and came to this conclusion. He would leave. It's a lot nicer to say in that than saying, Hey, Aaron, you're fired. Did it. Brown was vacationing this week, quarter of the network. A telephone call to his agency can comment, not return of course. Tind said the switch was double CNN schedule around what he considers its hottest personality Cooper and its hottest news show the situation room with Wolf Flitzkrieg. That Nazi bastard Cooper 38 has been getting momentum on you. You know, so many people have gone off at that thing in the last couple of years and not that I'm not that anybody under 100 walks of CNN. Bill, Bill, Bill, Humper, Wasis name, Hammer, Humper, Bill, Hammer. And then there was what's the name, the broad and the afternoon at the Judy Woodruff. He's gone and then just a whole bunch of people just unceremoniously pack it their bags like whiny, Aaron Brown. That's the lost bad bad and the musk red man, the reddest. And it would change colors to was like a Jerry Wichner hairpiece that thing would change color from like orange to dark red to like purple. Wow. That was a bad bad. He was whining that night. Alan, they roost their staffs five in the morning paper. He's the rooster. Yeah, we got your rooster over here, okay? And the weather in Chicago. Cooper 38's been gathering more all year than picked on his on the scene coverage of Katrina. He's got a refreshing way of being the anti anchor. He said he's not quote unquote reporting it. He says, being himself. Yeah, dumb, dumb. He's asking the questions that you would like answered. No, he's not. He's getting involved the way you might. You feel he's a regular guy and you can you can trust him talking to you. He brings such a passion of the story telling its infectious. How do you like that? I thought there was only one person in the broadcasting business who was really infectious. I mean, infectious. Yeah, but it's also all your voice. After Katrina, CNN paired Cooper and Brown together in a two-hour newscast, for Clans City had no interest in keeping them together as a team, saying you just want to make sure that you're putting Cooper in the best possible situation and showcasing his talent. I haven't seen any yet. Brown, where's Bernie Shaw when we need him? How where's our real news guy? Where's Lou Waters when we need him? CNN used to have some real news people on monster part of time. Brown 56 went to CNN from ABC in 2001 was immediately thrust into a major winding roll with his heartfelt anchoring following an unloving attack. It appeared he would become the face of the network, but then never really happened. He was heard by a widely reported story in 2003 that he didn't cut short a golf outing to come to work on the day the Columbia Space Shuttle disintegrated. He was busy golfing. How do you like that? His quirky cerebral tempium newscast didn't have a following over with fans who liked his commentaries and the with a quick review of top star from correspondence across the book. Yeah, with this. He became a parent when client took over that he wasn't a fan and the show's format changed dramatically with bigger emphasis on one main story. Greta ran sister in a fast news channel dog face sharply increased her ratings advantage over CNN the time slot this year. The second hour of Cooper's new newscast to replace a rerun of Lou Dobs tonight that the network had very thanks God. Like I said, I like that innocent Cooper loves Lou Dobs man. I see him on my screen. I want to put a pellet gun through it. Not the pellets the whole gun. Lou Dobs. Always scream all he knows is illegal alien, illegal and outsourcing a job. And any still kisses up to the bush. It doesn't make any sense to me. Lou Dobs. Oh, there's Charles and that other dog face. Rare public comments on the issue. Her mother and grandmother both suffered from the bone disease. Yeah, come in love. Himmila and Charles is anybody in this country. Give her crap about them. No, we got kids dying over there in a rack. We got all of you got a multi trillion dollar dead. We're worried about Charles and Camilla screw them. There go across the pond where you belong to. Go put on your kilt again. You silly as goose. Go fly over it without the plate. Just waggle your arms a little bit. There is a little bit for you. Ever see him and double be all of them together. Prince Charles. Same. Same creature. FBI says Muslims were detained at stadiums. They weren't profile. This is this is nasty. Five Muslim football fans were detained in question during a game of giant stadium. Because they were congregating near an air duct on night former president Bush was in the stadium. FBI said yesterday. They were congregating near an air duct. But a band. Some of the Muslims said they didn't know they were in a sensitive area. And they completed their subjects into racial profiling while they were praying as their faith requires five times a day. Some guys like it late five times a day. The Muslims they like praying five times a day. They're praying for it. They want to have seven versions in heaven. I'm as American as apple pie. I'm sitting there and now I'm made to feel like I'm outside. If it's not that I have a long beard that I pray to Sammy Shabani. Twenty-seven. He will see a whole law school student who lives in Piscadoway in Jersey. Now this is as giant stadium in East Rutherford. The giant's play at the metal lands? Yeah. How come I wasn't aware of that? I thought that they played in the Yankee Stadium. How long about ten years they haven't played there? What? The giant's. Twenty years? It's been quite a while. The giant's play in the jet stadium in East Rutherford. It's actually giant stadium in the jet play in giant stadium. And I see I don't want to ever watch so many way to giant. boring. And a new conference Wednesday, Shabon said he and four friends had just got out of the September 19th, giant's new Orleans Saints game. Some game when they left their seats to pray. Around half time, 10 security officers in three state troops has approached the mental them to come with them. Come with me. You raghead. The men were questioned, then were not allowed to return to their seats. Go on set aside to see if another section. Three guards didn't knew them and scored them to their cars when they left the stadium. Well, I still have a personal escort, especially at the metal lands where it's a easy loser car. One, or the only time I've ever been there, I was to the race track at the metal lands years and years ago. And I had a red car. And I parked it right at the car and I went in and I punched my guts. I think a lot of few bucks and I came out took me half hour to find my car in a parking lot. Not good. When you have a red car, always put one in flower things on the antenna. What if we are in the flower things? Like the old people do down there. The flower antenna. You haven't ever seen those? Oh, come on, man. You've got to be kidding me. Even the beast knows what that is. No idea. Get out of here. What do you mean like an actual flower? Yes. Yeah, I'm all set. The old forest, my mother had one on her car on the antenna. See, I mean, most new cars don't have an antenna. The antenna radio thing is an windshield, but the old didn't a lot of cars that had the little antenna. And they have like a little flower on top. So they can find their car when you go to the parking lot at public sign. You don't you understand what's wrong? I don't understand how anybody that lived down there as long as you guys could be so out of touch. The flower antenna is like right behind the early bird dinner in popularity. Is there a hit? Yes. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if a lot of the old parts are going to be early. They got a flower antenna on their car. You better get with it, Mr. You're going. So these days when you're old and see now, you're going to lose your car. I see the tennis ball on the antenna. Well, same same concept. Now, why is the tennis ball on there? Who the hell knows? So they can find their car. In fact, the tool somebody told me that that big black instrument that dildo that we had laying around our square and used to put that on her antenna. Well, it was distinctive, right? She found it. No, actually Roy, Roy found it. Roy Foster found it. He would like to go with it. Six out of the air that thing away from us. Six out of the ninety six votes. Are we going to get to our 751 or two or whatever? No problem. You think? Oh, yeah. Six ninety six. Once 13, the pressure is mounting now. I'm just wondering if you're going to check it out on this thing. You're going to do it. Check it out. I'm going to do it. I'm just telling you that he's going to do it. Here's a guy that's got a pair of balls. He doesn't just talk at the game like some people I know. Not to mention a names. He's got a pair. He's going to go in there and make a little offering. And if not, look, okay. So we tried trying to lighten up a little bit. And like I said, worst comes to worse robberly. Or worse comes to worse. Who's doing the update today? Can. Probably. Yeah. Well, guarantee a can could probably use it. He was about a hundred pounds soaking wet. He could probably use some free pizza. I know. Can. There's our great. There's our hero at 2M. Can ball demand. He's the guy. He's a real broadcaster. He's a real men. He's the man. And he doesn't take any crap from anybody. Okay. Trust me when I tell you. And his own quiet way. Hey, listen. Talking about the crap. There are a lot of shooters that said your offense. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. Throw down the roof the way already. Somebody's uncertain and some01's inclined set. There's a race possessed. Even though our crew real haded. Here is one sharpshot, still a praise? So transcante at almost Asian kosher, felt miss, rosio dano, and hobby firesteen in Pigsler under roof! 119, okay, wait till you hear this, 712 votes on the pull by the way we are gonna make our song 51 easily will slide into what easy. Just like Jackie Robinson's, so in the home play. Everyone, Jackie Robinson stole home in the 50 U.S. two world series. Alright, keep in the highlight. And Joe E. Burr jumped up and was screaming in yelling at the Empire, and that's before we found the F-like duck. Anyway, so here, if you want a good laugh, this will put a good smile on your face, and make some people really angry to ones that are listening on their transistors, sisters, or in their cars who don't have power and again really really angry about it. Now they should be rightfully so. We sympathize with empathize with right there with you. Florida Powerlight announced today, it continues to restore power. And by the way, I thought that since there was no 10 AM update, that there'd be a 1 PM update, well guess what? I don't see one. I just looked at their website again, and I refreshed it and I rebooted, refreshed and patched it with it and still 6 AM. Anyway, here's what they're saying. They've announced new power restoration completion times for some areas. St. Lucian Martin County's essentially all customers will have far we stir by the end of the day tomorrow. Of course, that's only this 500 in St. Lucian County and 1500 in Martin County. So that's like small potatoes. But they're all going to have it by the end of the day tomorrow. Do we care about St. Lucian Martin County? Absolutely not. We couldn't give a fly-in-figless. Tom Beach County. Well, how is this? See this is a son-son again. Let's start with the areas we care about most. Howard County, the area west and south of I 75 will be essentially restored by the end of the day November 9th. West and south of I 75 by the end of the day November 9th, which is next Wednesday. customers north of 5.95 and west of the university drive by the end of the day November 9th. All other areas by the end of November 13th, 13, which is what 14 weeks from the circus, the night, what day is that? The 10th is a Thursday, 11th would be Friday, a Sunday, the 14th. Huh? The 14th? No, the 13th. Okay. By the end of the day on that Sunday. George, George right now, I get it. Put the gun down, George. Come on, put it down. That's, now again, that doesn't mean that everybody's going to have to wait that long. I want to reiterate what they're probably getting to they keep giving. That's the by that day. See by that day. But the way it's looking at would no more updates. It's going to work like it's going to go on mighty slow. Mighty slow. I'm going to read that again. The area wastes south of 75 will be essentially restored by the end of the day November 9th, which is a week from yesterday. Next Wednesday, customers north of I, 595 west University of Drab by the end of the day November 9th, all other areas by the end of November 13th, which is 45 weeks from some of Hustora. They'd count the area north of southwest 8th will be essentially restored by the end of November 11th. That's veterans day last time. I we used to call armistice day when I was a kid 50 years ago, 70 years ago. By the end of November 11th, customers between southwest 8th, 3nd and southwest 88th Street by the end of November 10th, Miami Beach south of 79th Street by the end of November 10th and all areas of southwest 88th Street by the end of November 8th. And then it says for latest updates of County Lake County Power Restoration Click here and you click there in 6th and report Palm Beach County saving them for lies, of course. The areas of Belgrade, Pahoki and South Bay will be essentially restored. Maybe they can stop that cherry pie, Pahoki. We'll be essentially restored by the end of November 11th. Most of us know from PGA, but by the end of the tomorrow Friday, all other areas by the end of November 9th, next Wednesday. Well I'll tell you, I mean, should people be happy about that today, except this should they say, this is the kind of service that we really want, and appreciate really, really. Of course not. No, that sucks is what it does. I realize there's a lot of mangled poles and there's lines and bars, you know, something nobody cares. Nobody cares. They pay for the nose. You've got a monopoly out there. All these companies, they have monopolies. Not like you can call up somebody else saying, well, I've been up to taking my power back on how about you guys. I'll sign up for you. Sorry, sorry. They got a monopoly, baby, and monopolies are bad. And this is living proof of it right there. November, and the one with George, November 13th, all boy. He might actually commit sausages. Yeah. Well, that's a long way to the 13th and there's only the third. It's 10 days a week from Sunday. And how about the Rodriguez household, gonna get to the weekend this weekend with no NFL. Well, that's right. They got a generator. Yeah. It's just a generator or not. Can you imagine a pin in the ass that is? And of course, you can only hook, touch so many things in a way. You don't like your TV and you refer to your reader. And that's about it. Well, not if your TV doesn't work, if the cable's out. You know, you can go for your TV and it wouldn't even stick your finger on it. True. By the way, yeah, Mo is here. Well, wait, wait. When you say that, like I said, he went, did I have an promoting all day? Like I always do the Momostero to. I knew he'd be there. Well, he said yesterday, but he might not show up. He luck. He was, he had a bad day. Okay. He had a sour day, whatever the deal was. Maybe he lost some bets. Maybe they'd be in like crap in New York. I don't know. He took it a little bit. And in addition, which I wish you would convey this to him. I was just thinking this during the break. See, one thing I realized because I've been doing this for 100 years is that now with their hurricane and a lot of people without power, without phones, the best circumstances because we get our mostly crap. Okay. On a sunny day with everybody with power phone, et cetera. Right? You've got all these people with either no phone, no power, a combination of these things. So the potential pool you have a people to draw from to discuss sports, world affairs, picking your nose, whatever the topic is, is very limited. Okay? It's very limited. Keep that in mind, Mo, please. You're playing with about a tenth of a deck now with this phone situation. Right? Yeah? So just keep that in mind. Don't be blaming us for the fact that we got nothing but knuckleheads out there. Oh, we've had a lot of great calls today. Oh, it's a good day. Oh, it's a good day. Hello? Hello? Yes, I'm Lady. Oh, I see. Oh, there's a lady out there. Oh, are you, ma'am? Great. Please, I want to, I want you to. I add me to your list about FPNL. No power. Yeah. I'm in sunrise and not till. Oh. Oh, you're right down the street for me. I've got my power back down there, a certain night. You're lucky. No FPNL trucks in the neighborhood. Oh, nice. And you know, they just give you a song in a dance when you call their cell. They should be embarrassed of themselves. They will. Well, thank you for me being on here. Ripping them and ask not that does any good in ice demons are calling for an investigation. This is a disgrace to disaster. And thank you so much. I do appreciate it. Or at least you got Walgreens right there next to her anyway, right? There you go. Which I hope they're open and get a lot of drugs. There you'll leave them. Right. You're right. How are you? Thank you, Neil. See you. There's a nice lady. She's at least tough like a little bit. I got her to laugh a little. Right. But she basically is pissed off and fired up and rightfully so she's at sunrise and downhill. Right by the public right by where that other pizza law fund bust. Now that restaurant is some kind of a, I figured what it is now. You know, one thing about you people want to go in the restaurant business. Bad luck. And they say about location location location. They're right. Sure. If you go into a place where they've been out of business like everybody preceded you like 15 different places. That's not a good place to open. I tried to tell somebody that, but he ain't speaking to us no more. 27 past one at QAM. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, it's his 5. 16. Two. Oh, those, those, those. That gun on. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Tonight on celebrity poker. And with the, it fortunate chips. And the pod. How's back in? Sure. Now, but you know, you're fair. Yes. What? And Miller Parker Paul. All right, right. Let's play. Yeah. I'm Robert. What are you betting now? Six thousand. I call you, Arlington. Uh, because, Arnhem. How, right. I don't care. Who you are, you're fair. Well, now, how much? Six thousand dollars. It's an old blood of money. What are you going to do about it? You're fair. Oh, talk. What are you got, Jack? I can't get more than I can. I can't get more than I can. I can't get more than I can. I can't get more than I can. You just cost me six thousand dollars. And one count. I can't get more than I can. Three of them. Oh, this is sense and excitement. You can expect from low budget, dumb-down television. Like this viewer here. I've been in a business. That was funny. Oh, God, I want to, uh, become fresh in yellow in a chair. With celebrity poker on PSPU. 743 votes on the pool. We'll do that 751. Like slide off of a top of a tall building. Well, that's it. 743. We got a shot at close to 800. Now we're not going to get 800, but right on the edge of it. We don't want to set our bar to high, because they won't have to hop over to get more. These before the US light invasion of Iraq in 2003. Saddam Hussein agreed in principle. We're set to an offer of ex-off from the United Arab Emirates. But the deal fell through. The report of offer came before an emergency, airably meeting an Egypt in discussions between UAE officials and a Hussein aid. Said once in a official was that a member of the UAE delegation to the Arab League. The Iraqi president issued conditions and the proposal went nowhere. The Hussein aid, Aben Himood is now in jail. Right. I like that. See also this before we get to the good stuff. The CIA has been holding an interrogating al-Qaeda camp. It was that a secret facility in eastern Europe part of a covert prison system established after the monol of the tax to Washington Post before the yesterday. These Soviet era compound is part of a network that has included sites in eight countries including Thailand and Afghanistan. The newspaper says that the US and foreign officials familiar with the arrangement. Thailand denied a whistle to such a facility because they lie a lot. There is no fact in the unfounded claims government spokesman Sirapong Sub Wang Li said. Call up to us if we can say that again. She said it was said the existence and location that the facilities were not only to a handful of officials in the US and usually only the president if you haven't told this officers in each host country. The CIA has acknowledged the existence of a secret prison network. A CIA spokesman immediately returned to call Sikon Khamat. The prisons are referred to as black sites in classified US documents and virtually nothing is known about who the detainees are, how they are interrogated about the things on how long they'll be held. I like that. Secret prisons. Probably doing a little bit of Abugar rape on these guys. Man suits after using glue covered toilet. It is an idea for Abugar rape for those then prisoners that will make them talk. Bomer Colorado. A hardware retailer home depo is found itself in a sticky situation. Defending a lawsuit by a man who claimed to the change Louisville's store ignored his cries for help. After he felt victim to a prank and was glued to a toilet seat. Bob Doraity 57 of needle land said he became that's needle land Colorado not needle lands. Said he became stuck to a bathroom toilet. You know, with somebody who smeared blue October 30th. Bob Doraity. Thousands re-infelt tremendous panic when he realized he was stuck. When if he's something getting stuck on the pot, that would be something. They left me. They were going to, oh by the way, speed the beast in here. The story about Denver is passed a law allowing one ounce of pot. I'm moving. Physician. But I don't move too fast because the state and the Fed government are going to like vuster. Anyway, they said, but it passed in Denver. They left me. They're going through all that stress. They told me, Boulder Daily camera. They just let me run. They let him run on the pot. His lawsuit file Friday said, Doraity was recovering from a heart bypass surgery at the time. I'm telling you, it was having a heart attack. A story employee heard him calling for help inform the head to clerk via radio. But they had clerk believe it was a hoax. Home Depot spokeswoman. Yeah, I mean, who would believe it? I'm in here stuck glued to the toilet seat. Home Depot spokeswoman Katherine Gallagher said she couldn't come on pending litigation. The lawsuit said after about 15 minutes, stir officials called for an ambulance. Oh, this is this is choice. Parameters on both of the toilets see that while weeping a friend and humiliated door to the other store he passed out. The lawsuit said the toilets he separated from his skin leaving abrasions. This is not home Depot's fault. He said, but I am blaming them for letting me hang in there and just to be right. They had an unbolt the toilet seat from the bus. The porcelain bus and they jumped him out of there with a toilet seat dangling from his back. And finally fell off. Can you just envision that? That's pretty funny. That is cute. There's an event between cute and funny. Now, let's see, about 10 minutes we'll see whether it's cute or funny. Then when you're going to do this deal, oh yeah, I'll do it at the next break. Pizza man. Oh, that's great. Oh, I'm excited. Feast deals 75,000 dollars worth of bullseem. Wolfsville, Wolfsville, Maryland. Somebody stole 75,000 dollars worth of bullseem from a Frederick County farm in the sheriff's orifices. Eric Fleming said the six small canisters of frozen seam and taken from a liquid nitrogen take represented four to five years of collection work. He said he had planned to sell it and use the proceeds to expand his breeding herd of shore horn beef cattle. I'm so I'm so depressed about this. I probably get out of the cattle business. He said he found the seam and missing from an outbuilding on a stonewood acres farm in North Washington, Frederick County, Sunday night. Let me send the canisters of the seam and of 40 to 50 bulls. And that's no crap. Housewood pride for sale for 600 grand Denver. Where's a lot of crap going on in Denver, you know? For $600,000, a 40 to 60 year old man can buy a house in a trendy Denver neighborhood that comes complete with a bride. Debra hail, 40. It is placed in that on eBay offering the seller home in Washington Park here. It'd be to a compatible man who wants to spend his life with her. She also has her own website outlining the deal. I'm looking for a soulmate hail told a vacuum out in news Tuesday. She didn't immediately return telephone call. Message off to her home. Hail is part time in the 1910 bungalow style house. She also has a jewelry business in Albuquerque, New Mexico. She says she has received about 60 responses. I have to say that the emails have gotten a bit very kind and very nice. She said deadline for bidding is Valentine's Day 2006. She's in over here yesterday. Go big hurry. Okay. Let's give it a result of the poll. We got 763 already. We're going to get to 800 votes today, which is more than probably we won. Because then I mean, we got to go to like 850 tomorrow. Or else we feel bad all week. I'm going to especially on my birthday Saturday. I want to have like this positive feeling. I want to go to woodmine Saturday morning and get three wheel of fortunes. And get 1606 grand. Be good. Look at the obvious. Hey, I was sitting right next to the you heard me tell the story that old bag that the 120 and 20 grand. And then I was like three three machines down from the blind broad. I got the 1606 thousand about three weeks ago. I was up in Sheen number three off in the front there and she's up in Sheen number six. I was on the wrong machine. And but I've been today. We're 1606 grand. When is my day coming? By the way, it's totally Monday and Tuesday. It's only day out most. I got news for another woodmine. I was there Monday, which I never go in a Monday. Made a bad judgment, bad judgment. It's a miracle. I got my pants on when I was there. God. Now, and now, where are you talking about? Were they paid? You thought they're not connected. I don't know what you're talking about. How can you supposedly Monday and Tuesdays and towards the end of the year around December? Where are you talking about? That's a dumbest thing I ever had. I got some insider information from someone we know that works in the casino industry. Monday's and Tuesday's and where? And towards the end of the year. Like, does it everywhere? You're saying that we're not, now, we'll afford to be talking about? No, just in general, slot machines. That is the biggest pile of cocka, man. I've ever heard in my life. Whoever told you that, yeah, you've got some real inside information. I don't want to inside where. That's where it's. And that's where it's for came from. The Lonnie. I'm going to tell you right now and speak me about it. I mean, he's wrong because any holiday like Christmas, New Year's, fourth of July, any major holiday when the casinos are jammed. They tighten those things down tighter than a snare drum because they know that as soon as you get up, somebody else is going to sit down to places that are packed jammed with tourists. Okay, all in Vegas and I'm sitting here anywhere there's casinos. Trust me. Believe me when I tell you, don't go in there's either a special promotion or given something away or when it's like a holiday because those days when they got those things on the computer on slow-cooked. Now seriously, if you do know somebody in the computer is connected with a computer business, you need to fight out from him about these timers that they put them on. See they deny that they do that but we all know they do it. And then you're sitting there for a half hour and you realize that nobody around is getting anything except blank pulls and you're playing the dead my sheen mind. That's bad. You just like burning the money. You might as well have a forest fire. You know, I'm talking about? Yeah, I know. Oh, boy, the downtime is meant and it's all on computer now. And I'm still not convinced that they can't take the number of your computer and put it in the number of your machine and put it in the computer and I kill it. If a machine is too hot, I think they can type the number right in the computer and I put that thing on the slowest they are mode. I call it the coma mode or the guy like in Denver, the commode. 768 votes is 21 till 2 a major moment in radio history is coming up soon. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5162A. Let's go to the toy. The resort even loves Neil Rogers. Oh, the door is closed. Oh, the door is closed. Oh, the door is closed. Oh, the door is closed. It has been over with that music that we've seen. He's got a lot of noise in the door about me in our life. I don't give a bad point that's very nice to say. If they want this one, think so, guys. What? I'll have you know. I know what I'm talking about. It's my way to talk about my people leader. Ok, well. like aku. Man, man, man. Games are pagdala. Masque are pagdala is so harsh. Osborne is a son of a man. I'm happy to have a job. Daddy, oh. Supervisor, go and stop to the eye. Since the setting show when I take you play. I know I ain't no way to play with you. But when I drop my voice, look change. You little smoothings and the forearms, those who can play. This is the play. I just put it in the back. I'll just play. This is the play. This is the play. This is the play. This is the play. This is the play. This is the play. This is the play. Driving Jumps. Yeah. I don't know the road. I'm driving. Come to be it. Good. That's not what I wanted to play. I wanted to play. This. Oh. Sorry. I wish I had. You know, better news to report. But that news? No. Nothing exciting. I offered. And he just said, no thank you. I said, are you sure? He said, yeah. I'm positive. I was it. So where's he went to the man himself? He did. Yeah. Just directly. Well, because he wasn't in the studio. He was in the bullpen here. Right. And so I saw him. And I just, I said, hey, how are I got two slices here for you? You want to pay some? And he just said, you know, no thanks. Well, but least we made an effort there. I did. I thought it was a nice gesture. It was a very nice gesture. It was done with plans. I heated it up for him. Really? So what did you wind up doing with it? I just stuck it back in the box. I can't see. Well, we tried our best. And maybe he already had a lot. It was seem to me that if I'm working two to four, I probably already had a lot of it home before we headed on the Hershey Highway from Boca, right? Right. That's true. In addition, which would help out only his slums like us eat on the air like he right before we go on here. So. Yeah. Wow. You had good instructors. So we made our effort there. And what can I tell you? The good news is we're going to make 800 votes on the poll today, which I think is most shocking. You know, it's too penned. The bad news is those horrible dates that have been all given that last thing from the Sun Sentinel. And then you do click on it. There's no 10 AM update on the work they're doing. There's no one on the updates. There's nothing. There's six AM. Well, I hate to break the news to them, but it's almost two o'clock, which is like eight hours later. And in acquiring minds, we'd like to know just how much progress is being made. And as opposed to this V.S. released at the come out with, which was dated 1238 to set noon by the way, a little over an hour ago. I mean, November 9th, November 13th, we're talking to dates that must seem a lifetime away from some of you forefokes out there, like living in the dark, living in a hand to mouth, living like a stone age, like in a tenth world country. I'll say it again. It is totally unacceptable. That's my take. The city of Fort Lauderdale is van swimming at its beaches due to a state warning about the safety of the water after Wilma. Many of Howard's beaches have been cleared of debris, open to the public corner county officials, but, but the Florida Department of Health is advising residents and visitors to avoid swimming at the beaches until testing of the water has been completed to determine that it's safe. That's in a Fort Lauderdale. Test results expected tomorrow afternoon. And it's just more information, Coli Groud County Hurricane Hotline, 954-814000. 954-814000. So go to the beach and hang out and lay down in the sun. It's a matter of fact, in the sun. What has the weather known today? All I rain is past through, I'm sure. Not too bad. Yeah. Sun shine? Oh, and you know, a tad. A little bit. A little teeny tiny sun is peaking through. Not too much. Oh, so that went better than some people expected that attempt through that attempt at the time. Right. The time for whatever it had was. I thought he's just, I think the beast is right. That was pretty good judgment on his part, which is very, very unusual for him. I think that would have been over the top. Well, that's maybe what we want. No. No. Maybe that's what you wanted. No, I didn't want to go. I honestly thought. And then they said, hey, so that's the difference between you guys and me. You want to do an insulting thing. No, that's not true. I want to try to like, do a little massage there. A little something like it's in the lens and lower the temperature a little bit. Not so much hostility and hysteria on that's already a show. No. I just is what we do, okay? And it remains on reading from the newspaper or it means I'm like a tone from the Inside stories about people doing ridiculous crap. So be it. That's it. It's a radio show. And like I said, as far as the colors are concerned, I wouldn't give it 50, 15 cents for the colors we had today. Can you tell me one on the lady was nice. She was good. And it was the guy who was in southeast for a lot of neighborhood out of those two. That's it. The rest of these, those cause I wouldn't wish on Hitler, Ava Brown, and Mussolini, throw him in as well. I bet lie down right now is a good one. My nine is going to be good. Well that's what Josh says. Q.A.M. I bet you're not Q.A. I knew how to hide everybody. All right. Four quick things. Number one happy birthday to you. Thank you. Number two is an extrojability menu. That's Rob Cache, no one is on the power either. Good. Number three FTO stands for freaking people legally. Oh. See you right. That was a good call. On he said he had four things. To me. Well maybe he was the. Oh. Oh, I see. The three things and a number four. You were right. You had your sum right on. That was a lot of our better calls at a long time. So not much to choose from out there Howard. I mean, Mo. See even in a moment of weakness. They're actually called a Mama Howard. 788 votes. We need 12 more votes in the next 10 minutes and that. That I think it's had to be the several days off. This is real rubbish. Rob it in. That a Thomas guy. Blue skies. No hurricanes. That's bad to be doing that right. There. Sorry. 800 and three votes on the poll. Oh. 800 and three votes. See I told him we could do it. Who knew wish had become present now our past. Al Gore 265 Bobby Kennedy, 1996 John McCain, 121. Even with that big puffed up cheek. John Kerry 78, Mario Cuomo 35, Ted Kennedy 33, who just big and puffed up all the way around. At least even to 19 George McGovern 18. Nelson Rockefeller, Rocky 18, 2112 and Michael Duke Cockout only eight. Eight votes for little Michael Duke Caucus. But he was sure impressive in that photo while he didn't that tank or maybe a little midget in the tank. Good. Thanks a lot Mike. Democrats just have a way to do that. And suddenly in 63 tomorrow, I'm looking at like a little Indian summer here. Aren't you feeling bad about that? That's all right there today. Rain is finally stopped all the torrential rain to last two days. The roof stopped cave it in for the time being. And I should probably mention this again. Should I be power restoration dates? I mean, I want to go on to get you to the press. But it's information that people need to know. We didn't we I read it. You weep. Broward County, according to Florida, Plunder and Lute, they say. And I let me check one more time before I read this. Just to make sure I'm not missing an update like a one or one thirty year one. Do you see what I said? Yeah. I think there's going to be a new one since six o'clock this morning. I doubt it. Come on. You have a little faith. Florida Plunder and Lute, baby. They're the best. They're doing it for us. Let's see. Here we go. Six a.m. Oh man. They suck her water. That's a loop. They're bad. Anyway, proud county. They say and again, I'm repeating they say. The area west and south of I seventy five will be essentially be sure by the end of the day November nine. That's next Wednesday. O.V. customers north of I.5.95 and west University drive. Also by the end of the day next November. Ninth Wednesday. All other areas that we're not in those. The geographic areas. I just said by the end of the day November 13, which is a week from this Sunday. Holy moly. They county. The area in the end. Of course, what they would probably say. Oh, yeah, but originally we said that 20 second then it was the 15th and now I'm going to move it all the way up here. What are you complaining about, right? That's what they would say. They county the area north of southwest eighths. It'll be essentially re-history by the end of the day November 11th. Customers between southwest eight three and southwest eighty eight three by the end of November 10. Miami Beach south to seventy nine street by the end of the November 10. All areas south to southwest eighty eight street by the end of the day November 8. Which is what they said Tuesday. November 8, which ain't too great. And you're home beach county. The areas of Belgrade, Paul Key and South Fable essentially be restored by the November 11th. Customers north of PGA full of art by the end of the tomorrow Friday and all of areas in Palm Beach County by the end of the day November 9. Tuesday. So we'll see if George rose up a tomorrow. Fee's still sick under the weather. He was not when you spoke to me. He said like on death stories that we said. Yeah, not good. Not at all. All the fumes from that generator probably slowly but surely killing all the people in the family probably is a little dog as well. Sounds like a massive massive lawsuit to me. And then again, they hear this news about maybe by November 13. Cause his area like in Hollywood is not an any other geographic Rafflers like the further east you get the more rough tourist you are at the wait looks here. So you know keep your transistor sister going. We'll do the best we can. We got the mole monster next mad dog at four or six thirty your path or preview. Panthers at the Bruins with Gully and Silly Red Dear Randy. Seven o'clock tonight. Bye bye.