Oh, my cow! Neil Rogers is right, the cubs start. Oh, my cow! I'm a cow! I'm a cow! I'm a cow! I'm a cow! I'm a cow! It's called the camelcunny embroidered and gold. It's charisdom. I wear it every moment. I go around to other cities. They don't know what to say. So be, to where you're so, all stops are their answer. Dump dance, do故, Dump dance, none of your children. Otherwise, none in store, learn when you're hungry, start coming in honor. Everybody in Remar heard, do Dump dance oh, Dump dance, I'm proud of you all. We can't come for the front and the front. We ready to pray. I'll be standing now myself as happy. I'll correct that fire now. I'll show you thing in a way. Sing to a your show. We can take you away. Say, My darling, say, My darling, say, Our beautiful הרies shall rise from my life. So, I can get yourself high and smile to say,았 as you will give shadows to us. We can get our inspiration, pure your showcase. We can begin We're done. Come on, Sergeant Abe Boachup, you're quizzing you. You're fairie. A commercial airline, who at least under 58 people aboard crashed in Western Venezuela early today after reporting engine trouble. A lot of plane crashes yesterday, you know what? Yeah, lately. A top government official said it was unlikely anybody survived. Well, that's what Scott Miles of Brian said even before the crash. They're all dead. The West Caribbean airways plane was on route from Panama to the Caribbean island of Martinique. Oh, who'd want to go there? When it's pilot reported trouble with both engines to co-rockets his air control tower around three o'clock this morning said, front fiscal pause present of naturally being. Did I say that right? Front fiscal pause. The airport authorities lost radio contact with the plane about ten minutes later when the plane was in the area of Machiques. Four hundred miles west of Caracas in the western port instead of Syria. He said, Thulia residents in the area said they heard an explosion pause said. Here are minutes to Jesse Chacone said that they said reports from over to aircraft flying over the area. I'm likely that could be an insurvivor. So planes just keep falling out of the sky over the place. They had another helicopter crash somewhere. I don't know. And Afghanistan right? Yeah. Over the place. Look at this. What is the main cause of violence in America, Georgia's poya yesterday over a thousand boats. Nice goal of George. Well, it's that ass picture, you know. Yeah. That's a life. That's a life. That's a life. That's a life. I'm looking at the basics on our website. Yeah, must have been asked right. So Schmerl, a little on your head. On your forehead. The last already did. Oh, God. And I looked down there to see what it was that got that tremendous response. And it's a we're asked to be of some Syrian woman, pro-Ce Syrian. She's a Syrian. Yeah, very Ukrainian. Oh, brother. It looks like a guy to be honest with you. If you look at the hair, I'm looking to see it. Yes. You were talking guy. And just a distant picture of some ass and she's protesting about that. And that's it. And that's it. All of a sudden, oh, gee, it's a naked ass. I always think of what we ought to do is go back to the being in curtain and have like celebrity ass of the day. Okay. We can do that, could we? You tell me. I don't know where the line is anymore. No, you could have an ass picture. It's got a hundred would you have to tell you. And then we can do a separate poll. Is it physically possible, Josh? So we can do like a poll on the being curtain. We can do that, can we? Absolutely. I beg your pardon. But yeah, we could like have people guess who celebrity ass it was every day. That would be a whole bunch of response on there again. And once in a while, we could do like a male ass. Like we could put Greg Reed's picture on there. This is space. Huh? I don't think that's possible. Only the one who seriously, what's not possible? I was joking. May I ask? No, we could do that. Like, could we tell me cruises ass? We don't have any male asses? Oh, yeah, we could find that. Yeah, I mean mostly female obviously, because except for some of those, yeah, listeners, if you want to see Tom Cruise's ass, just take a look at him. Okay, he's all ass. Speaking of all ass, you people at MSNBC now is lucky enough this morning to catch the promo for Rita Cosby. Seriously, this is their big cool, the burglest cool in MSNBC. Rita Cosby, who may be one of the ugliest skankiest looking bitches I've ever seen. And she has a little bit of a problem for broadcast. And then she can't speak. Oh, no, no, you're talking about your son. I understand it's hard for you to talk to his son about the detail of this case. She can't speak. Oh, the funny right. Yeah, she's got a skanky nose and she's an idiot, a bubblehead and she can't. And it's not like she's that learned yet. That's just the way she speaks. Wow. So what a cool for MSNBC is those numbers continues zooming down. Okay, a thousand and five votes on George's pull yesterday. Something really serious here. Okay. Okay. Okay. What is the main cause of violence in America? Bad parents, 249. Well, how about no parents? Yeah, this is a new thing in America like one parent families and no parent families and people just make in babies and just, you know, see the thing, I'm impressed with that because cockroaches can make babies and rabbits can make lots of babies and they can't make babies. What's the big deal? What's the big stimulus? One thing to make babies, it's nothing to have like a little responsibility. I think instead of like, four-stirbinalizations of great idea. But anybody who's going to like have babies out of weddley for example, George. Yeah. Main cause of violence in America, bad parents 249. That's a cop-out. When you say, no, it's the taker. No, that's the main cause of violence. Yeah, parents not to make any kids enough. Oh, I see. That's a cop-out. Right? That's because your brain is in the studio. Right. We're not asking about crime like a pickpockets or, you know, holding up a seven-level. We're talking about violence because they're frustrated. Or is that what they did in the poverty? Like people, 141, which I see across over there for the top two and, of course, you left out black people with guns. We see people who have a real problem here in Toronto lately with black folks who have guns. But where are you at? Right here. Where are you at? There's new commercials. We, you see that too. Where are you at? No, no, no. Seriously. What kind of a craft is this? I don't want to find out who it's for because it's probably some sponsor bars. But what is that? What would that be targeting your demigrant? Where are you at? I'm sorry. But television promoting in commercials in literacy. That's how acceptable we're making. It's like a deathways through dark folks. Where are you at? Oh, I don't want to go into it. Yeah, you lack people. I don't want to hear. I can't stand it. Guns 97, the Bible 79. That's your head a lot. Our Marco Scherdinand. And of course, social to gun. Because it's local to violence. We couldn't have. That's like night violence and road rage violence with cars. But most of it is crazy people with guns. The Bible 79, which the Bible says, Smite all your enemies, especially starting our October 1st in Florida. Republican 67, drugs 46, television 31, alcohol, head. Democrats 21, immigrants 17, video games only 9. Women 8. Now, what does that mean women? Are the main cross of violence? Oh, the whole thing started with how women will start a fight in a Spectre man to finish it or meant fighting over women or something like that. There's 100 one ways of women in the creative violence. And movies 7. Oh, God, I'm here. Come to Q.A.A. and hello. My team is a darn. I'm here. Internet casino buys Jesus image perogi. Here's the most important story of the day. I saw that. Point place Ohio. We'll just see that. The perogi or the TV. Ah. An internet casino known for its collection of oddabases paid 1775 bucks for a perogi. Anybody out there who's not Polish or perogi is like a holding. That looks like an image of Jesus. Oh, I always wanted a perogi that looks just like Jesus. Golden Palace dot com purchased the administrator in auction offered by eBay. The seller Donna Lee said that Jesus pays a pair when she was cooking Polish Dumplings for Easter dinner. That's what perogi is are. Very good. Kind of like a Kniegloss. Throwed you go in Kniegloss. They were have Kniegloss. Not that I know it. Like Jewish dumplings. You like it back and forth and I pray for the dumplings to like taste really good. Anyway, she was cooking Polish dumplings for Easter dinner at her home in Point place. I tell you it was suburb. I'm like here. You're always very busy every since because there's a Jesus face on her perogi. I wonder if there's a Mary face on her. Back home. We seem to have an interest in all these religious items that drew black marketing spokesman for golden palace dot com probably in a relationship. J Black. The casino has a collection of odd items including a 10 year old partially eaten cheese sandwich thought to be containing the image of the virgin Mary. A pretzel shaped like a virgin Mary holding a baby Jesus and a pregnancy test that led to the long-dubriting spheres. Black said the perogi will draw to traveling museum that the online casinos creating for its collections. Oh God. I hope I live long enough to see the perogi with the Jesus face on a perogi. Yeah, the lady with all this, you know, gans of crap going on. And that's how we see now. We'll hand the crazy Muslims with their flying carpets and of course the cussedum over there with the boxes on the heads and the big heads and the long the beards and the peace and they're rocking back and forth and they got oh and she's like a car car. And they showed us like these are like this is the way the world is supposed to be. Okay, like we're supposed to laugh at this. You know, somebody would say what you're making fun of other people's religion and the answer is no. The answer is yes. Sorry. Yeah, that's probably one of the best things you can do is make fun of other people's religions. Even better. 1014 at 560 WQAM. Oh man, what's the wif you'll go from a spokele? I took her calls for the economics. They say the beauty being bad for me. Now I can't get snow job. Cause I don't got no little earth sea. As talking like an old sea grown. If I let you talk the hell this way. Now what can't do doesn't. But my heritage says that okay. Change my name to shoot grown. Try to do set the code in the can and let. I remember when I was feeling all the white bands got hanging out that. The building there ball. Brian the blues. Our father. What there was got snow job. Okey is sad. Okey. Okey. My name is Jason. Now I'm sad. I got to go in cell mode. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Lowering what a ball is a song. If I want to make this sound funny. Got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money. They've a fool sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing. You've got to think getting me anywhere. Maybe I'll look at all white bitch. Steel at first. And full of hair. Then I go to take some money. Buy a cereal and a fridge at there. I remember when I was feeling all the white bands got hanging out that. I was about to build a deal. I'm proud to be a blues. I'm proud to be. But there was got no job for me. And I got. I thought if I could get my last opportunity. Now I got to go and sell more crack Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. Back Okey. So I'm going to ask you one thing, OK? Right? Where are you at? Yeah, you. Who is the- here's our poll today. Who's the all-time ugliest male celebrity? Movies, radio, TV, etc. And I have a short list. I'm sure that you can probably add some on or so many ugly people in so little time. Marty Feldman knows seems to be winning hands down your pants. Marty's got 61. Oh, come on. He was adorable. Must be those Marty Feldman eyes, you think? Uh-oh. Haven't played that in a long time. But it's coming a little bit. But at 93 votes, Marty Feldman 61, Hank Goldberg 35, the Humper! Hahahaha. That's what Hank had on the Arlington Millions Holocaust. And started. I mentioned that? No? Not on the area. I did this, he that. Hank was on there. And I was thinking of myself for Amy Seasher, like some of the treating very well on A-E-S-P-M as well, which is owned by ABC. They treated with respect as opposed to W-H-U-M, which treats him with the greatest disrespect. I just mentioned that in passing, OK? I think over 35, how are David? It's got 21. You're playing, you're playing a third-place show for most so far. So far. Well, they got it two by the way. Well, you're going at 460, Marlon's on deck, pobreza, tomorrow on 705, EDK after the Abespaul game. Uh, sliced along, got 16, crumbled and 12. New Rogers, 11, right on crumbled and asked. But I sure, I don't have his nose. No, who does? Oh, Owen Wilson, nine. James Woods, nine. I sure don't have his Zitz. Charles Bronson, eight, W-C-F-O-S-4, Peter Lorry 3, Gene Wilder 2, and Red Skullton had a pair. God bless. Since getting to be an age thing, those of us who remember Red Skullton were a very small minority because all the Red Skullton viewers are dead. All they remember Red Skullton. I saw a picture of it too. And of course, Josh Navi, he don't even know who Red Skullton is. He didn't know who'd been cross-be was, so if you're a... I do. I do. I do. No Red Skullton, why? I do. We'd just see that, like on a comedy channel or on the one who's old he's an old video, I think. I see. I'm the honest with you. I think he was highly overrated for his comb. All right, you can't say that. He's dead, and that's the secularism. He was below that it. I don't think he was all that funny. He was no or Jackie Gleason, that's for damn sure. He was no, uh, at any other one who was overrated with Jack Venny. Yeah. Wow. Well, well, it's so fun. I mean, I love his odd reading for his nations, but other than that. So you asked about that woman, uh, and you probably just touched on this yesterday, but this seems to have gotten so many people reading it on our website. Other than looking at that Syrian lady's ass. Yeah, that's very, very exciting. If you're that desperate, I think it's definitely time. Why didn't you know I would know empty-choose it? I don't know. Forget about Merlin Chambers. Just Russia would know empty-choose. I mean, come on. Ericsson visited it because we were talking about her. Well, I was going, Eric, it's your dish. That's the year I would have run Friday. Just to, uh, let's say, recognize the desperation level of our audience out there. Why just want to see a little flesh anything, please. So pretty, please. So what do you think? Come on, the amount to celebrity ass. Okay. I don't know what I'm, huh? I don't know if we can do it every day. We don't have that much of a pool. Or like once a week, like for the weekend, we could have the Friday ass Friday. Ask Friday is good. I said, we're not in here with the weekend. You know, name that ass. Right. And of course, just like the, uh, the ass is on your forehead. But they do with an ass on Friday. Just rub it. There you go. I think that's the answer. Rick, and as your buddy Rick Raleigh, who you hated like poison. Well, speaking to people who you really don't like a lot, Rimmer called me yesterday. Yeah. How's he doing? Which I need like a lock and cup. I said when a phone rang in a wasrimer, I thought to myself, I thought, hey, I lost him cup like the Chinese say, Oh, God, will you leave me alone already, Rimmer? Oh, you got to go to Vegas. We just came back from Vegas. Oh, I said, I'm not going to Vegas. So I just came back from woodbind. And if I want to lose my ass, which I always do, I can go out there. It's 25 minute cab ride away. I don't need to go to Vegas. Although we did want me to mention that he hates the panthers like poison and wishes they lose every game. And it also hates the niece pot fan, which is he would get right over by a Mac truck. But other than that, he really did say that about, well, he was giving me a song of dance. It's sour grapes is what I'm told of that. It sounds like sour grapes to me. You left the organization and they screwed you over in your body Doug McClayn took you under his wing in Columbus. And all of a sudden, you're a big Columbus guy and you hate the panthers. Shame on you, Rimmer. And don't call me anymore. Step bugging me. Get out of my nerves. Sitting there watching TV, relaxing mind him out on business. And all of a sudden, the phone rings. You know, I'm talking about people with no life. So anyway, the woman died making your first sky dive. See, I had never understood this. People who want to do really dangerous things like, I mean, real dangerous. You know, every time you get your car and so forth of that dangerous. But I'm talking really, really like putting your life on the wall. I think we were trying to prove it. I have no life. I'm maybe you're suicidal. I want to do it, but I don't want to die. You see. Well, see, I haven't really did. The woman died making her first skydive. A tandem jumper that instructor who was serious, the injured in the fall, Julia Bond, no relation to Julian Bond, of Evanston Wyoming. You were asking me if it was in Florida. Now, this dummy was in Evanston, Wyoming. Dieter, I asked her left at a jump Saturday. And John van Cleve of Roy. I didn't even know that there was such a place as, Oh, Wyoming, did you? Yep. Was in stable materialist condition. Some members of Bond's family witnessed the accident. Making especially tragic, said far to far, but I'm a Italian chief Steve Splinter. You think he's part of some group, you know, like some splinter group group. There were conflicting accounts for witnesses of what happened. Some said a gust of wind caught the pairs. They came down and pushed them into a building at the north end of Augden Airport. Splinter said, others said the pair missed the building, but the wind caused the parachute to collapse and they too dropped about 20. I'll show you how big the night again. Somebody that you really care about says, oh, I think I'm going to go skydiving. I've got to give it a shot. Say no, of course, a lot of people threaten to do things like that because they want you to beg them. Oh, please don't do it to prove how much you care about them. That's an old scam. Come at the QAM, hello. Yeah, exactly for you. Be a little go see. Come on, let's go see. Was it ugly guy? I guess. Okay. That's what the guy says. Be a little bit. I don't know. He was ugly. I thought he was strange. The look. Strange. Lookin' with the piercing eyes. But I guess that's what does it. Yeah. Let's go see. Let's get him on. I'm sure we'll have a lot more to add. Listen, not two people, please. We have a pole building thing here today. And it wouldn't surprise me on Thursday. If you already know what that pole is going to be. Since we're doing the all time. I'm going to be a male celebrity today. I'll give you 85 guesses. I got an idea. When you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fancy. George interrupted my spot. And it's perfect. When you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit is what it's all about. If you see, she's got this line in her. I got across. I hate. Berkeley, you're an idiot. Okay. You're an imbicil. I'm a woman. How's that teacher doing? Come and Berkeley. You're quizzing. You're fair. I turned the knob on my radio. I heard a crappy song by J. L. Must be pale. A big day, pay for your old. If they put it on the air even though it sucks cause so many paid demos. A big day, pay for your old. A big day, pay for your old. They all have every time you hear jinn's sing. Someone's ginseng off the street, big thing. A big day, pay for your record number. One day, get a lap stop, better, play station. One lap, so what else? Most music, you guys. But I'm not surprised. That was a good guy. You just feel that. Make me a big day, feel that. Take me a big day, feel that. I'm not even a career-real. I'm not a career-real. Take me a big day, maybe you're going to be talking about your song. I understand it's hard for you to talk to your son about the details of this case. Oh, I miss it, Missy. I really caused me. What a cool man. What a cool. As in cool cool, could you? Okay. I was going to say that. Oh, my god. Give me a break. She is just nasty and every respect. I bet you she's got stank. Breath. Yeah. I could be wrong. I bet you're her, uh, back to a Millsville band, too. Willand DeFoe, somebody says, filled very badly by the way, but never let it go. Well, the foe, he's an ugly guy, all right. And Boca Bride suggested Richard Boone. Richard Boone was an ugly guy. He never only had a big nose, but he had like James Woods nose. He had like, because this on his nose, right. He's not a good eye-ader. Very cool. But he's got a gun. He's a good-traveler. And if you call him ugly, he'll shoot you in. Okay. So cut the crap. And Eric put one on there that you should have. Who is? I love it. Oh, there. That's the winner right there. Thank you, Eric. I should have had that. How did I forget about him? Well, since you were the robber. You know, the more I think about that, there is, I don't care. There's something there. There's a meat-y eye. Oh, I'm sorry. I mean, would he like to be robber? He's an actress, he's a person or whatever. But I mean, she's, you know, she's cutesy, she's fine. And then we're always shooting. You know, those actor types. They're strange. Yeah, right. Kind of like, sounds like Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie is what it sounds like to me. Or Debbie Roe, or Tommy Roe. I think Michael Jackson and Tommy Roe, then a photo. I saw a tab 100 movie for about 30 seconds of the day. I kept thinking the image of him and Tommy Perkins is doing it like Do East style kept coming to mind. You couldn't get that out of my mind. At any rate, speak out of crazy religious people. Get out, seriously. You folks have got to do something about this. You've got to take the religious people and do something with us. Yeah. I mean, how can the world survive? All that's a Phil Henry. What is this? You can, the only important part. George, you've got to be bushes. God.com on the Phil Henry blog. And how about Phil Henry for the poll? Okay. Are you sure? Oh, yeah. He's a hell of a lot of people in the mall. I'll take it that. Do you think he's a one, grow test looking guy. I take it from me who already looks bad. Let's see. Love George W. Bush. Oh, what do you care about him? He's okay. Old news. Let's see. Long priest defense, manson, a head of Croatia gig. Maryland, manson, times with big and really, really tough on you. Yeah, it's one thing when you got started appearing at falls. You casino and agro falls like rain, Newton, and a Kenny Rogers. I guess those roasters aren't so much of good. Are they still open, Kenny Rogers? I don't know. Haven't seen one in a long time. No, probably not. I told our Simon one time at the top of the park. He said at that table, right across from me in that bridge, Kenny Rogers. Also Jim Leeland said over there one time. Woo. And on the other table where the shoe guy, Earl used to sit, which, by the way, Earl, I can't stand you. What's his name was there? Pete Rose. How do I take a stack of bills and some clues on his arm? You know, every time I mention Pete to Hank, it's like, you know. You know, Hank is part of that sports fraternity. All those people kind of like suck around together. WQAM, hello. QAM. Oh, I love the hedgehogs. The phone, man. The hedgehog? Ron Jeremy. I never heard him call the hedgehog. I'll go steam cold in the hedgehog of porn every time he referred to him. Really? Yeah. How does this guy remember that? Maybe this is the old gold steam one else, boyfriend. That could be that he met at the, Bring in Amsterdam. Okay. Let's get him on there. Ron Jeremy. Yes. He took, he, I, I will never get over the fact that he took great Umbridge with the fact that I said that he was, How bad. There he, Harry and Agme and he, like, Oh, about sexual, Well, I'm a stud. Yeah, right. Oh, he, he's enough to make me lose interest in sex for the rest of my life. He's so gross. Man. How many QAM? Hello. Hey Jo Ninja, QAM, yes. Edward James Almos. Justin, well, we're gonna go into the pool right. Thank you, yeah, he's ugly. He's another Zidhead. Mm-hmm. Great to face it. Oh, you know why he got here? What? He got there. Speakin' howard co-cell. He was pretty ugly too. By the way, I'm not suggesting he would put him on the floor. Oh, he's a great day with Johnson at people. Oh, well, back at Virginia when I went To Staten and Film ну sound. That was the ABC News Center, was also the intro to speaking of sports with Howard Koso. Let me hear it again. We're in just groups in Croatia, our put arms over the, I'm a little off my timing now because with Hank on vacation two weeks, we don't have any crossover, which is fine with me. I don't want to cross over with Jodie and Kimba. Not nothing against him personal, but what are you going to talk about with them, yeah? Oh, we could talk about that cow out in front of the university, I'm sure you won't get the free plug-in. Sure. But so as a result, we actually started 10 o'clock is supposed to the seven or eight or sometimes nine or ten minutes that Hank and I get to butcher and kill at 10 o'clock here because they would share like a lot. But don't let me forget my list of racetracks when Hank comes back. Also when he comes back. We're going to screw him in Croatia, our up in arms over the imminent arrival or shock rock or Merlin Manchard for Manson for a concert, but rounding to the banner of free speech and perhaps a little shock value of his own, Manson has found one unlikely to defend or a Catholic priest. Maybe the priest likes him. How could Manson turn young people into Satanist and drug addicts in the two hours of his active and newspaper, Viznick, coded priest Anton Bobas, is saying, Bobas, who leads a heavy metal band of his own called, Vladimir Dlesnice Na'day, messengers of hope, says most of Manson's critics have never heard his songs or even seen him perform. The lone priest finds himself fighting a weird guard action, weird guard. Back to him. Now the priest know a lot about that. Against Christian groups from the Eastby and Peninsula ahead of the concert August 22nd of the northern Adriana town of Pula, Protestant organization OWaza, which sounds a little like the one. Yeah, Protestant organization, Bobas, the concert band that had well, seven Catholic priest offered to pay damages to the organizers. If the concert was canceled, arguing that the band's lyrics and image promote Satanism, drug use and violence. Well, let's wrong with that. Bobas said the best concert he ever attended was seen Manson live in Hamburg, Germany three years ago, but even Bobas tempers his support despite the music Manson was a rather dark persona, and he would recommend anyone especially young people to attend the concert. So in other words he wants the concert to go on, just donate a buddy, go to the yard. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Make sense to me. Got you QA M. Hello. Hi Neil. Err, Eric Mary Abraha. That's a good choice. Who? Ethnory Abraham. I don't have no idea who that is. I always wonder who would Ethnory Abraham. Who is it? It's an actor. He's a very famous actor. Ethnory Abraham? You. I never heard him. Who is that? It's an actor. He's a famous actor. Who that and where he be at? Ethnory, what's he in? Let me do an IMDB. I think you guys. I think it was a set of calls. I said like a lot of how seen him calling him. I think he's got his tits to tight. How can I not know if I remember him if he's a famous actor? Jewish boy too. Oh, is he really? Oh, no. Maybe he's rocking it right now over there in the Gaza Strip. They're rocking back in their dovening. We're not going to leave. We're going to burn down the house. We don't want some schmuck to head moving in. It means I've got the worship muck to his on their heads. It's a battle of head gear. When the history of the human race is written some dark day, it'll turn out to all be a battle of head gear. It's not that my god is better than your god. It's my head gear. My schmuck has better than yours. That's right. Man, man, I got a better kipa man. I got a better skull cap. In fact, wasn't it skull and skull and bones was that thing? Yeah. Of course, I told all of that Roberto Calvary documentary. Well, it was it was a documentary, I guess MSNBC. Actually had a good show on over the weekend Roberto Calvary, the Vatican banker who was portrayed in the godfather three. That's one of the good things about godfather three was that Vatican banking scandal. And of course, he's supposedly hanged himself in London and it's very obviously he did not. It was a moiter. Did you ever come to say, Mr. Fritimopy? He was the banker for the free maisons, which is not through the PI, and he was also a banker for the El Vata Cano. So he was hanging out with some really nasty people. And now he's dead. So did you ever see a Amadeus in front of the movie that you might see? Yeah, okay. He's made like, million movies, 78. I'm here. I'm probably seen him, but it's one of those people. Is he like a star or a director? I'm a director. I'm a director. Okay. But he's ugly. Oh, yeah. Oh, who needs a man? 19 before 11 at 560 WQA thing about those greatest hit selections from the 70s and 80s is all the wonderful memories the music brings back. But what about all the great times you've had recently? Now you can relive those memories with the greatest hits of July 2005, featuring all your favorite hits from the greatest month since June 2005, with great songs like Don't you have from the pussycat dolls and buster rhymes? Oh, it's on the face of me that it was July and I remember it was a car out. Boy, this one from Kelly Clarkson. Here I am. Wow, that's a real blast from the fast. I remember it was July because the weather was really high or how about this classic from Will Smith? I don't know. I don't remember how much was to my point. Time's surprised when it caught out. And coming soon, look for the greatest hits of August 2005, featuring a lot of the greatest hits from the greatest hits of July 2005, but with different memories, mostly about how it got even hotter. I've sent you who qualified for the poll on several of the fact that he's not in radio. Well, he's in radio is sort of like a fringe of it. It's Maddie Bell. Oh, boy. If he isn't more than nastiest looking and I'll tell you another one in radio is PD Lenny. Yeah. Without a courty and skin face, you know, that leather of the leather look. I'm talking about the skin. It's not a personal lock. At least not on PD Lenny anyway. Maddie. And see one thing about life is that even if you're ugly or sitting, you can still talk about other people being ugly. It's like if you're fat, you can still say, look what a fast-slob that is. Sure. You ought to know. Somebody says, how about cowboy Western after Jack Ilham? Yeah, every time we do an ugly poll of any kind, Jack Ilham always gets involved. Let's get Jack Ilham on there. He was kind of crusty. Look at the crusty. We're at the in crusty. Five, six, seven, five, six, and you think the vrits have problems with the shoe? Here's a different kind of shoe. They're having problems with a severe shortage of sperm donors. Government plans to make fertility treatment more accessible to single women and lesbian couples are likely to be ineffective because of a severe shortage of sperm donors, a leading fertility expert and Britain has told the Guardian, those brits. Well, what do you expect? All the brits are. Yeah. Anyway, which doesn't mean they don't have any sperm, but it just, it all depends on where they want to put it. Proposals to work for utility clinics to be more flexible and who they offer treatment to our outline to be outlined in a department of health consultation paper this week. Many clinics only offer fertility treatment to heterosexual couples to ensure they comply with the 1990 human fertilization and embryology authority act. Why didn't even know that there was an 1990 human fertilization and embryology authority act in Britain? It states that clinics must consider the welfare of the future child and specifically the need for a father figure before offering treatment. A father figure for your father. Figure. The common select committee on science and technology last year concluded, I know it was you, Frito. That was out again over the weekend. The godfather too and they had the united version of goes on for about 75 years. Yeah, God. That's great. And the highman Roth, the hotels here, it was all of those lines. All those corny lines were always quoted from godfather too. I'm wondering how come, you know, he's the henchman that he took to kill highman Roth, right? Why do you just have like a silencer? And although I did, it was just bad timing. I guess he was marching in there in the nurses came out. Oh my god. He got his. Alnery. No, that wasn't Alnery. That was the big, the tall, ominous looking guy would have black, the totally black. Oh yeah, that's right. I'm not going to look him up. Alnery didn't get killed. In fact, I remember he sent Nury to visit the vision. That's right. That's right. Alner, come up. The common select committee on science and technology and Britain last year concluded the act to be offensive to one conventional families of single parents and single sex couples. Bill Ledger, who was a fertility clinic in Sheffield said the government's proposals were a lot of bull bone likely to be affected because of legal changes in April that were the status of anonymity from sperm donors under the new law. Any child burned from a donor sperm can request no the identity of their biological father when they turn 18. Well, if you're a tea, it won't be a number of the world family. He could be sure that. Really, man, there's a whole bunch of queens in that family. I beg your pardon. I said rally. So who was the guy we haven't found any of? No, godfather too. You'll never find it. He was a Michael's bodyguard in Havana. Right. Can't you help find him right now? I can't envision me. There's a big Superman. Can you envision Superman? Yeah, Johnny, all I used to bring me here all the time. I knew it was you, Frado. You broke my heart. He was so good in that, Michael Corlione, Al Pacino. What was the name of it? In fact, he was always good until he did one thing. True, that was the end. That was the other one, instead of a woman that was that preceded the who I think. I thought that's the same movie. Oh, that is the same one, you're right. Confused. You're absolutely, and you didn't even see it. Did you? No, no. Good choice. That's how I do ball elimination because it's like the one I have. That's how horrible movie that is. And he got an Oscar for that. It just goes to show you. He didn't get the Oscar for any of the golf bars. I don't believe, but he gets a guy. I guess it's called makeup time. It's like it's like an evolving. I mean, I'll make up call. I'm part of Bozacol and another one that's some we're going to make good call or I can hockey you same thing. Call a bad penalty and then I have to have a make good later on. How about that hockey season? By the way, remember, where she's at the Panthers lose every game? Iraq's problem and agreed to a seven day extension for a leader. How come you're so newsy lately? Because I feel like it has that. Remember that guy that knew her. He got to go back to the U.S. Iraq's problem and agreed to a seven day extension for leaders to complete a draft constitution after politicians fail over each of midnight Monday, did line to agree on the charter. Parliament adjourned after voting to extend the deadline to August 22. I think I'm going to request him Kurdish leaders for more time. All of the Kurds and Ways and Means Committee. She, Itsunian Kurdish Kramer, see this is all. This is our U.L. person, our U.L. Human. Are you, let's take the country you live in? Are you in Iraq or are you one of these religious? What are these sects? See, people think that sex is the problem. It's sex, sex, sex, that's the problem. Everybody's divided into their sect and sub-sect and this and I mean, but it's crap. Don't label me. That's what they're saying. Gay. Oh. She, Itsunian Kurdish Kramer's of the charter had reached the tentative deal. I guess today agreeing on issues ranging from oil revenues to the country's name, but putting off the season on the most contentious questions, including women's rights to rule of Islam and possible Kurdish autonomy. Efforts to make the August 15 deadline show how to determine Iraqis are to maintain political momentum under intense US pressure, but their failure to agree was a clear sign that their sharp political visions are far from over. What it says here. Where's this from? This is from the A&P. Recurrent and the same league with the law laws. But to award in the presidential middle of freedom. There was a bubble on there. I'm sure you knew who that was. He's no way to cause me. I'll tell you that. Well, our hero said, and I don't care how you pronounce her name because I heard her pronounce her own name. Everybody in the media is calling her Cindy She-han. Okay. She pronounces it like I did. She-han. Okay. I knew some She-han. She probably how about in the She-han E. Elf's once a part of time back in the day. Doing an old style. All of I don't think her kind hang out in the She-han E. Elf's. You? No. I'm dotted by counter rallies and even neighbors gunshot blasting in the air. A woman who's sundied in Iraq said she'll continue her anti-war demonstration. Your president pushes range for three more weeks. We can't get up. Give up no matter how hard it gets. Cindy She-han said yes to them more than a week after she started the protest and memory of her 24-year-old son Casey. She-han's makes you have canceled along the road leading to the ranchers going to more than 100 and hundreds more stop to show their support. On Sunday, as about 60-inch-heans group held a religious service, neighbor Larry Mattlage, fired a shop gun into their twice. Sheriff deputies and secret service agents rushed to his house and didn't arrest him of course. I am threatened, nobody ain't putting a gun in nobody Mattlage. So this is Texas. Gosh dang. Mattlage said he was initially sympathetic toward the administrators, but today blocked roads in the Iran-cost traffic problems. He said he fired his gun in preparation for the dove hunting season, but when asked if he had another motive, he said, figured out for yourself. She and 48 said she wasn't concerned with her own safety, but his tool others to be aware that this could get physical even though we're peaceful. I think we knew the risk when we came down here said she-han of Vacaville, California. I'm surprised we haven't had more of that since we're in Bush Country. She and since she won't leave Camp Casey until Bush meets with her and during her is month-long rains visitor's vacation ends, she met with two top Bush administration officials on the first-day of her protest. And of course, El Presidente, he's just got to get out with his life. You understand that, don't you? I do understand. Yeah. In fact, here's that story. I don't think that's why I do. President Bush noting that lots of people want to talk to the President and it's also important for me to go on with my life on Saturday defended his decision not to meet with a grieving mom with a soldier killed an Iraq. Bush said he's aware of the anti-war sediments of Cindy Sheen and others who've joined a protest near the Bush ranch, but whether it be here or in Washington or anywhere else, hey, where are you at? There's somebody who's got something to say that President, that's part of the job. Bush said on the ranch and I think it's important for me to be thoughtful and sensitive. Those who have something to say, but he added, it's also important for me to go on with my life to keep a balanced life. Oh my God. I have no life. The comments came prior to a bike ride on the ranch with journalists and AIDS. It also came as the crowd of protesters grew in support of Sheen. She and arrived early in the week with about a half dozen supporters as of Saturday. There were about 300 anti-war protesters. There's about 100 people supporting me. Bush administration. In addition to our bike ride, Bush has Saturday schedule included. Wait for the year this. He's got more important things to do with them. Me with that bitch. All right. Saturday schedule included an evening, literally baseball playoff game. A lunch meeting with Secretary of State Connelly is arrived on nap, some fishing and some reading like the weekly readers somebody read it to them. I think that people want the President to be in a position to make good crisp decision to stay healthy. He said, when asked about bike riding while a grieving mom wanted to speak with him and part of my being is to be outside of exercising. I'm Friday. How about exercising your brain if you got one? Okay. Dumbo. Right. Bush has motorcade drilled by the protest side. I worked to a Republican fundraising event at nearby ranch as Bush ruled by Sheen Health Assign that said, why do you make time for donors and not for me? Good questions, Cindy. No answer, of course. Are talking little people. No answer. Shut up. By the way, yes, Bush set that. Michael's bodyguard was played by a medical top. I'll be damned. I made a govist beauty. No. I'm ready. Who is the obvious? That guy was pretty. I'll be all low. Nobody would know. Yeah. There's no point in putting him on the floor. No, it's pretty. I agree. I'm DV. Who is the all-time ugliest male celebrity? Movies, TV radio, T-rooms, whatever. We got how many votes so far? 280. We got a shot at 400 today. Now the kids are back in school. I'm tired of excuses. Okay. Yeah. I'm tired of who to talk to. Some are dual rooms in the dual days and vacations and the kids are the kids are back in school, which by the way, it's just unacceptable at the back so early. I know you disagree, but yeah. It's just great as we dip them in there. Just a lot of things. About your kids that are going on strike 12 hours a day. Marty Feldman, 80, Hank Goldberg, 50, Mohour, David, 26, Torto, Torto, Tori. Carl Maldon 19, sliced alone and the arrogance tied with 18, U.S. Lyle Fox. Lyle Love at 13, moving up fast. Teams woods 13, Charles Bronson 11, Owen Wilson's only got 10. Ron Jeremy 7, hey, you're ugly, Ron, and you're hearing your fat and you're disgusting. WCfield 7, Peter Laurie, Ford, Gene Wilder, three red, Scalton, three, Edward James almost two, almost human looking. Phil Henry's got a pair. Are you sure? Jack Elam 1, Bellalagosi's got one and every Abraham, William DeFoe and Richard Boone, so far, I've got the big O. This is Neil Roger. This is 560, 18, 18, Sam. This is the Neil Roger show. What the fuck? This is your plane. Any questions? Your favorite female force in his back on HBO with a sexy new show in a sexy new city. Bad dad, it's sexy in the city with carry. I slaughter the entire northern alliance for this Vera Winks for God. Miranda. That's when I thought I met Mr. Rye. He blew himself up. Charlotte. I think my new boyfriend Osama has been hiding on me. And sexy Samantha. Those stats that I'll break could put me in and naked pyramid anytime. Sex and the Sunni, the most explosive comedy of the year. There goes another one. You bad, he was cute. Yes Samantha. You need another man. Tell me about it. My love life is like a camel San Pate. It's one hump after another. Sex and the Sunni. On HBO right after, Kirby or Milton is Lomicking enthusiasm. I think that was a good idea that asked Friday on our website and we'll put it back on to be decoding again. I don't think it even needs to be on to be decoding right? We don't have to have like you have to be over 18 looking at us. That's it. Not for now I guess. Not yet. Not only starting in November. But in any rate, let's do that. We have like a half dozen different asses on there and then we'll have like different choices. ABCDE, whatever. Including we can and we don't have to tell them whether it's a male or female ass. I mean, you know generally there's pretty good difference but not always. For example, I picked you up out of that Syrian broad right now. She easily could be a guy. I don't care what you say that. That's what you got. And then we'll go like, give me a turn and then like on Monday, we'll give the answer. And I think you can hear it over the weekend. We give us a mouse to vote on. See if they can recognize. We'll give them a multi-point. Who's that is this? That's what I just said. Now what I just said, John, did you say multiple choice? New Internet Warme targeting windows. A new Internet virus targeting recently uncovered flaws in Microsoft, Crop's windows operating system, circulating on the Internet and anti-Haris computer software makers. They said, they said, these so-top virus appeared shortly after the world's largest software maker warned of three newly found critical security flaws in its software last week. An Ed Bill Gates man, what a lung head. Including one that could allow attackers to take complete control over a computer, a trend micro-inks said that the Warme exploits security holes in Microsoft's windows 9598, ME and E2,000 XP platforms. And can give computer attackers remote access to affected systems, hundreds of infection reports were said that in the US in Germany took you based trend micro said. But computer security engineers at Microsoft said that the Warme is only targeting windows 2000. So far, it's shown a very limited impact. We're not seeing any widespread impact to the Internet, but we're reinvigilinced, Steven Tolus, manager of Microsoft Security Response Center, Steven Tolusla tracks. The latest virus grabs a copy of itself into the Windows system folder as botsore.exe and modifies the system's host file in the infected users computer to prevent the user from getting online assistance from anti-Haris websites. The Warme can also connect to a specific Internet relay chat server and give hackers remote control over affected systems, which could be used to affect other unpacked machines and that work can slow down that work performance. Since most users may not be aware of this new currency and security hole, so it's to install the necessary patch during last week in. We can foresee more infections from Warme, Zota, but said. Last two, they Microsoft issued patches to fix its security flows part of its monthly security. Bulletin, the problem effectively windows operating system in Microsoft's Internet Explorer, where browser and other the reason to use what you call a Firefox. If we need any extra reasons to be using Firefox and not that adequate in an Explorer that opens up the door for all those top-up ads and all that crap, it's the only one thing I would agree with you about it. Matt, capital, he'll blue.com, my love websites. In fact, I got Doug Thompson's article today, which I'm going to get to eventually if I get around it. But it's one of those websites that open the hardware. It has along with a lot of baggage in terms of pop-ups. Only one worse is the Fudge Report. Oh my god. Do you fare? That thing is always popping up and the ads too. Do you ever look at that? No, I don't. However, good idea. Bad for your health. So Doug Thompson in the rant, right? I didn't want to use this now, but why not? Is Vush out of control, Doug Thompson's the founder of Pub-Achure Capital Hill Blue.com, a great website that George resents bitterly for some reason, because it's probably the pop-up ads. Bye be leagured overworked White House ads enough drinks, and they tell a sort of tale of an administration under siege, be said by bitter staff in fighting, and led by a man whose mood swings suggest paranoia bordering on schizophrenia. Kind of like that. Like the religious nuts, like those crazy bastards dobbling there in Gaza. They describe a president whose public persona makes an masks and angry of Senatorty Spouting Man who be rates his staff, unleashes tiewaves against those who disagree with him, and his meetings in the overlofe is with get out of here. That's nice for me. In fact, it says George's evident vush's mood swings have become so drastic that White House emails often contain weather reports to warns of the president's demeanor. Comcies means Vush's com while tornado alert is awarding the heist P. O. That the world. The creasing job of parole ratings and increased criticism within his own party drives the president's paranoid even higher. Vush and a meeting with senior advisors called Senatorly Leader Bill Frist a G.D. Trader for opposing him on stem cell research. There's real concern in the West Wing that the president is losing it a high level aid told me recently. He's losing it over here. A year ago this website discovered the White House physician described anti depressants for Bush. The news came after revelations that the president's wide mood swings led some administration staffer to doubt his sanity. I thought we were on to that long time ago. Yeah, on sight. All those U.O.P. loyalists dismissed the reports as an anti-bouth propaganda. The reports were later confirmed by Prime Minister's worth and university psychiatrist Dr. Justin Frank in his book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president. Dr. Frank diagnosed the president as a paranoid megalomaniac and untreated alcoholic whose lifelong streakers satism ranging from childhood pranks like using firecrackers to explode frogs to insulting journalists floating over state executions and pumping his hand briefly before the bombing of Baghdad showcases bushes and stability. I was really very unsettled by him and started watching everything he did in reading what he wrote and watching him on video tape. I felt he was disturbed Dr. Frank said he fits the profile of a former drinker whose alcoholism has been arrested but not treated. Dr. Frank's conclusion has been praised by other prominent side countries including Dr. James Gronstin, Professor UCL Medical Center and Dr. Irvingy Alon MD Professor Mertis at Stanford University Medical School. Oh, Dr. Frank's as a recovering alcoholic since Doug Thompson, so we're alone years to months and nine days. I know all two of the symptoms that Dr. Frank describes and after watching Bush for the past some of years I have to unfortunately agree with him. Conversations over the last few weeks with longtime friends who work in the Bush White House confirm even more what Dr. Frank says and others have suggested. The president of the United States is out of control how long can the shift of state continue to settle with a madman at the helm? Like that. I like that. All right. A madman at the helm. Sound like QAM. 567560 pound five 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. WDQAM hello. Neil God. Yes sir. Hey Neil. Neil I'm Matt Glengai. He's shares the common board. He's sort of just like next door neighbor. And you know if you would have shot that gun off and protest of the war, you know they would have been over there in suits. Yeah okay. That's pretty good huh? Yes. So he's your neighbor. He said he's George's neighbor. Find right there. You're neighbor. That's all right. Next door. 567560 pound five 60 in the Verizon, Singular Wireless Line. The ugliest all-time celebrity in whatever else you got. Which obviously isn't much. That's pretty unusual isn't it? Oh yeah. WDQAM hello. Oh Neil. Yes sir. I have all God's photo question. God. Oh please. So do deserve this. What have I ever done? Where was Alfredo doing his tattoo? We know Alfredo in the movie. Okay. Fettuccini. He was making Fettuccini. Go away. Get the TV. Yeah. Tettuccini. He was hanging out with what's the name. The Fett Sloth. What is your name? First he cursed the alley. Yeah. I'm trying to forget. I don't know who had cursed the alley from Geneallie. So you know you've got a whole Geneallie. He's doing a former pirate shirt stop huh? Huh? Huh? Ready to go? Geneallie. Now we're talking baby. Oh. WQAM hello. Oh. Two parts sir. Yeah. Oh that's it. WQAM hello. Any uh I want to put one on the old poll? Yeah I bet. Can't forget. Well we can't forget. Uh, he pushed him. Or one of the ugliest man ever to be on TV. Okay. Can you stick that on there? We'll stick it. Thanks, Frank. Thank you. We're all right on Neil's pool. 560560 pound 560 only Verizon singular wireless lines on a fantastic Tuesday man. August 16th it's a middle of August. He only got about a month ago on this game. I mean, I'm in a great summer schedule. Nothing. I'm counting the days you understand. No. WQAM hello. Careful Neil, the president's feeling a bit tight. Sonish today. Yeah. Yeah. What a madman. Oh. We got three more years. Abu Gaur. Great. I have an impredible. Yeah. Very ugly lady at the comedian Sandra Bernard. Is the ugliest male celebrity? Okay great. Now that's ironic because when I told you three there was going to be the female student you mentioned. Sandra Burger. Okay. Well keep that in mind for Thursday. That's the one to be here. Really. Early Barbara. Tuesday. Last time I checked. I'm looking for him. It's going to be between her and Bob's. What about Rosie O'Donnell? Well, there you go. There's what about her. Huh? There's a contender. Oh, there's a lot of ugly broads. Trust me when I tell you. How about Shelley Winners? Yeah. How about she was all at ugly. Just fat. I mean, just disgusting when she was drowning in this place. She was very young. Remember she was felt in good looking. And then why should you Shelley Winners? She poked up. Yeah. You started looking a little more like Jonathan Winners all the time. 12 minutes after 11 at 5, 6, and we got more Howard. He did it in. He did it in. He did. He did. He did it in. He did it in. He did it in. He went his stuff. Now we still want to know where that poll wound up. We want to see the final result of that poll. What? Yeah. That's the sun sound. What do you laugh about? Yeah. Come on, Sarni. You've seen. Take these polls when they don't turn out the way he likes. And then not only that, but he takes the poll. He lets the guys over there. If they tick it or whatever that thing is the faucet. He lets them go set up there in the beginning. So they can go on here. I bet you know about the R station even talked about that. Did they? Nope. How would you know? Exactly. Like you listen to the sports shows. My God. Why you started listening to the sports shows? Then I'm going to go for the world. Okay. That'll be the day when I start listening to the sports shows. Although I will say this, I think that they got the audio from the M. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. I am very excited. And I'm very honored to be in prison. I'm a by tennis counter. And it's a great part. I mean for me and replying my country as I can. There is some good sports radio. That's the fan. I wish it knocked him because they were a good friends. On the next episode of MTV's Pip-Buy Space Shuttle. Yeah, last one I bought. Remember that two coach Uden bit the heat shielding? Ah, for a minute. Point out we lift him. Bad boys out. And who cute with these bang and soap waffles? Check it. That is dope. Over. I know this picture looks like a bomb. I can see. We ripped out all them complicated instruments that were not put in a 32 inch. Bad mamada with PS2. Houston. We have a playstation. That's all tonight on MTV. Consider this reusable spacecraft. Damn Roger. I mean, Roger's a whole shizzle. Oh, god. Save us from all this crap, please. What do you do it? Oh. 15 to 5, 16, WQA. And here's Gene Rogers becoming really chronic. You're a good guy, Gene, but cut the crap. He says, how about Don I'mists for the poll and Wayne Heisenberg? And lastly, Don King. That sounds like three choices. But three good ones I would say. Especially, Don King. Nice dude, Don. Nice dude. And by the way, Don. Where you at? That dude, Don. To do, Ron Ron. And that was, let's see, the crystals. And in the Sean Cassidy, the umptious, the talentless Sean Cassidy. My guess, always like, lived in the shadow of his sister. I mean, brother. There it is. By Sean. No less. Now was that the do Ron Ron Jeremy or somebody else? So you do, you got it, though. No thanks. Maybe I'll go. Maybe I could do Ron Ron John. What do you think? Okay, listen, I'll pay Sean. Come on. Get ready for World War III, right? Paul Crag, Craig Roberts. His website is anti-war.com, by the way. And remember somebody said, well, when you read some of the stuff, let us know where it's from. Okay, it's from meorajus.com too. It's already on her. Isn't it, Josh? That's right. You're ready for WWE WWE III. With every post showing majority of Americans both set up with Bush's war against Iraq and convinced that Bush's invasion of Iraq has made Americans less safe. The White House moron proposes to start another war by attacking Iran. Vice President and Chinese already ordered the U.S. Strategic Command to come up with plans to strike Iran with tactical nuclear weapons. Bush refuses to meet with Cindy Sheen instead using his vacation time of the Crawford Ranch to talk war with Israeli television. In a recent interview with Israeli TV, Bush said, all options are on the table with regard to Iran. The Kudnik Israel is Bush's last remaining ally or Egor An and his war against Islamic terrorism is real which his loaded with nuclear weapons and is not a signature to the nuclear packs. Is the accuser against Iran is sitting that Iran's nuclear energy program is just a veil behind which to produce weapons. Israel's Lakud Party fears that Iranian weapons would be a check to its plans to complete the disposition of the Palestinians and further expand Israel's borders. Iran has sadly announced their proliferation pact and is willing for the IAEA, commander of the nuclear energy program, Bush held our dismisses all facts and assurances in his willing to attack Iran based on nothing but Israel's paranoia. Bush can ignore the American public because the Democrats, like the Tory Party and the UK, have completely collapsed as an opposition party. That's the political action. The Republican Party is now increasingly referred to as the Republican Party. The only check on Bush is the lack of U.S. troops. Vogue down in the Iraqi quagmar, U.S. commanders are stating that a third rotation of our exhausted and demoralized troops in Iraq can be avoided only by troop withdrawals next spring. Tayevr, on August 11, Bush next to militarized task of reducing U.S. troops in Iraq, the next day the command to review as logistics in Iraq announced that the number of insurgents in the tanks in U.S. forces along supply routes has doubled in the last year, making it clear that far from winning the U.S. is not even holding its own. Cindy Xi and has the right question for Bush, what noble causes being served by all the suffering and destruction? Bush is in hiding from his Xi and because he knows only ignoble causes are being served. According to the CIA, the main beneficiary of the war as Osama bin Laden's recruitment drives, while America's military recruitment followers, any West generals announced that the war has broken the reserves and national guard, the cause of Islamic extremism basks in an Iraqi war. General leader knew realize the danger of having a president so disconnected from reality that he plused to attack Iran, a country three times the size of Iraq, when he lacks sufficient forces to occupy Baghdad and to protect the roads from Baghdad to the airport. Despite all high-profile sweeps of U.S. forces through insurgents' strongholds, U.S. commanders report a doubling of insurgent attacks. The Bush administration is insane. If the American people don't be capitated by demanding Bush's impeachment, the Bush administration will bring about Armageddon. This may please some Christian evangelicals, conbierefter predictions, but WWE 3 will please know about it. You see, I always make it in the form of a case that I said last week of the Muslims and the 7 virgins and all of the Southern Crafts and Mordidum, all of the Bologna. What's the difference between the fundamentalist Christians? I'd give you. I was telling you, it's better to get yourself to the Bush Martins man. People are starting to see through you. They're both Middle Eastern religions. Start to develop a big, ugly bald spot. Well, I'll speak in the Middle Eastern religions, you know. Right there in the heart and a hotbed of all this stuff in Jerusalem man, would the Christians and the Jews and the Muslims all I can say that is, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you're a oxafoise, cut the crap, pick your poison, pick your super-stition, pick your mumbo jumbo and then you got those who are the ones that flagulate themselves with a change. Isn't that the, the pharias they do then? And the Catholics do it in South America. Oh, that's right. They flagulate themselves with a change. They're flagulate. Right now. And then this is religion man. Focus, focus. How can any of you people be so ignorant, so stupid? Don't you have a brain? No. That's right. It was in the QA in my forgotten. 6705, 60 pound five, 60 need for rising in singular wireless line. Come on, Jim, Sharney, where is the results of that pull? The way up to wait for Friday, so you can dummy it up a little bit, doctor it up and puts it like whipped cream in a cherry on it to try to make it a little bit more appetizing. Is that what you're going to do, Sharney? You lump. There are people I refer to as a lump. You don't know anything about a lump? Yeah, I don't know. You mean? Yeah. Just a big or lump. WQI am, hello. All lump radio. Um. Yes? Hi. Yeah. What do you got, pal? Yeah, I know. Tell me the QA in. Hello. Thank you. Yes, sir? I had a question. I guess I've been in a mac and the last few weeks. What happened with the whole car rope thing? It seems to have, uh... What's what car rope thing? What car rope thing? What car rope thing? You need to be Valerie Plane when up here. Yeah, there we go. There we go. I don't know nothing about that. It like so off the face of the earth. That's right. Yeah. Go on important things. You know, like the space shuttle and the runway bride. And then we got that missing chicken or rouba. We got important stuff going on. Yeah. That sounds good. Chicken or rabbit. Oh, three and a half more years of misery. We're going to tell you. Good luck, you pal. You'll see you at the border. Thank you, sir. See you around, eh? I don't know the sun is shining here. It's very pleasant. It's like upper 70s, low 80s. Yeah. They shine in here soon. Well, that's good. I'm happy for you. We don't have, uh, Jeff Bush's. Yeah, we got low humidity. It's a real, real, real thing. Yeah, we had some hot, hot spell. But now things are lovely. By the way, speaking of Gaza speaking of those farbizs and on both sides, crazy people, I'm not going to leave my house. I'm going to tear it down. I'm going to burn it down this makes you no Arabs living in my house. I see. Huh. Sounds like they're really getting their act together. And of course, keep in mind. These are the extremists. I'm always telling you about these really, uh, I just, I have a real problem with that whole thing. I have to give you a little bit of credit. Not too much, a little bit of credit for because I thought I was being fairly objective about this like three, four years ago. And then I realized that my Jewish brainwashing, even though it didn't hold on to religious grounds, I'm not going to ground the head like I looked with a jondist, a jundist eye we all did. And that realized that, you know, they had 38 years of occupying this territory. What the hell are they doing there? Okay. What are you doing there? Or is it just, see, just by kidding, it's an excuse to justify, oh, you see how they're reacting when he suicide by the way, we're crazy. So they're crazy too. I see. Well, you're all crazy. Anybody who wants to live there is going to be crazy. Oh, no, we're going to go to a compote. And we're going to go to a kosher of the house. And this is a new rod. This kosher of the house. The kosher of the house. The kosher of the house. Time to get it on. That's a new one. That's a totally totally totally. He's why we're going to hear now. The sight is like a roadside. Now's the body will fall. The kosher of the house. The kosher of the house. And that's a completely new one. He's basically a wild. The kosher of the house. The kosher of the house. The kosher of the house. The kosher of the house. And he rides for five minutes. He's a trout shark. And takes time for a kill on a ride. And there's a guy who's just came up. Someone who's like he's carrying in a totally totally cleaner. He's an ad. Rectown. Money's down, man. He's at the feet of the floor. He's a wild. He's a wild. He's a wild. He's with a wet sheet of hot. But for a boy's hands body down, man. He's a wild. He's a pure boy. And a jet boy. That's a wild tune. He's a wild boy. He'll be rich in fat. And smell just like the tiger's snoring. It's not a big cat. But for a boy's three-handle, he's going to be so nice. I'm not a fat lady. My style is not a touchy. I'm a rat. I mean, he used to be on a Joe journey in Patanchi. Remember though, no. Tony loves Patanchi. It's 11.33 at five, 16. Nobody Q.A.M. I pick up chargatory thru rows of light crosses last night. And your president pushes ranch where Cindy Sheen has been protesting to run Iraq. The cross is stretched along the road of the Crawford Texas camp. Borough the names of fallen US soldiers. Nobody was hurt. And it makes up to soldiers who are all dead. Meanwhile, court documents revealed that Sheen's husband is filed for divorce in California. The couple were high school's sweethearts. But Cindy says they separated because of the stress caused by her son's death. And the public is like, who the look at that? What's the next reality show? I'm going to give her that the Gatti show. And then growing up Gatti, throwing up Gatti. I saw about 1,500 at last night. Who's that? Why does an outstanding network like A and E put a pile of crap on like that? Can you answer that? And they think it'll make some money. Oh my god, are you kidding me? Let's see. I was watching on biography. What a great channel that is bug. Is that? I better not ask about that. Not only can't we say anything in terms of language, but we can't say anything because we might offend some sponsor out there or somebody who might someday be a sponsor or somebody who either is in business now or wasn't business. If I said that once upon a time, I got real bad gas eating at the famous 100 years ago. Even though the restaurant was great, I got real bad gas. Oh, gee, they might come back someday. You better watch it. You know, we are your worst station. Make no mistake about it. Okay, we are your worst station for the new millennium. When it doubt, we always worst out. Just like that thing with the, with the, the first, the earlier poll they took in a sense. Remember that? Oh, do you think about it? Interesting. No, you know, about your favorite sports talk station and your personalities in Yadia. How come they didn't put any midday people on it? It always pretended that I don't exist. We got these big gigantic numbers and kick everybody's ass including Rush. In fact, speaking of Rush, I was just watching during kicking on there momentarily, moments ago, and seeing it in me. So we don't need that word or you the me. And I just can't, every time I see her, I can't stop thinking about the fact that he is ruling around on top of her. Oh, yeah. Oh, talk about on. Oh, and clean. Oh, there she is. It's separated. Oh, you and Rush are doing it. You're like actually naked in the sea. Oh, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's kind of attractive. She's not bad. But I know, I looked at her now with four John Dis eyes every time I see her with Marty Feldman eyes. He's a horror. Oh, that's bad. But now that you mentioned it. Now let's see. That's his third wife already the opious hypocritical pop and rush. It's always putting fingers in everybody else and a bunch of perverts and he is in a, that's his third wife. Well, he's, he doesn't have sex out of wedlock. You're right. Right. Martin and Fort Myers says, thank you for the great job you're doing. I love your website and it's content. I usually spend about an hour if he did read most of those stories. Thanks for the, yeah, for wrong. If you enjoy it, Martin, because all our audience, most of them want to see our naked pictures. They want to see ass. They want to see boobies. They want to see privates. And they want to see ass. Absolutely. That's all they care about. 90% 98% of the audience in the Americans, all they give a crap about is just because they're desperate. I have no life. It says not, unfortunately, most of the video listeners don't have that much time of read or they're just to illiterate for them. I'd like to recommend a great side called. Chomsky Torrent dot org. Oh, yeah, I'm sure they're going to check that out, Martin. Where they can download hundreds of politically very disturbing movies and documents. Right. I mean, judging from the fact that we had so many people watching the world according to the Bush, which is still there on our website for you to prove, not to mention the other good stuff like all the other good ones. Among other, you can find there the Power of Nightmares in excellent quality. Well, they're going to sign our website. You don't have to go to Chomsky Torrent dot org to find the Power of Nightmares. It may not be the greatest quality. You all, they won't watch it anyway. Martin, hope that you'll help to educate the rest of the nation. I hope that will, I'm just, what are you saying, Martin? Here in tensions are good, Martin, but you're naive. Okay, you're farting into a wind storm. You just, uh, making a lot of wind noise and enjoying the sound of it yourself. But unfortunately, like I said, good intentions, you know what happens to those. They go to Helen a hand casket, right? Right. It's really security forces clash. Boy, hundreds of opponents of Israel's withdraw from the Gaza Strip today arresting dozens of people. And the roughest confrontation between troops and settlers since the start of the operation. They were actually throwing stalholavati each other. How do you like that? They were throwing stal matibals as weapons. The confrontation came ours ahead of a midnight deadline for all of you is set list to leave the Gaza Strip voluntarily or face forceable removal. Officials said they were hopeful many settlers would leave the area before the deadline, but also we should as stern, a Howard Stern warning of tough action against anyone who resists. We will make every effort, the army and the police to have law and order in this process. And anyone who acts illegally, be treated according to law, defense minister, Shaul, Mofa, as told a news conference, Hey Shaul, I wonder if he's akin to Raul. Probably is, what do you think? Of course. He said he expected at least half of Gaza's any 500 residents to be out by midnight. They could vote a Brooklyn nobody would even know they were there. They could shift them off to Brooklyn, right? Right. The army said security forces detained 50 Israelis for clashing with police and soldiers attempting to help Gaza settlers leave. When it doubt gets a hell out, it could rock and back and forth. You're making me nervous. I'm getting vertical just watching it. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let me say it again. Okay. And we are two bad. We don't have more people on here in America talking about this and all around the world. The religious people are the crazy people, it's just a matter of degree. Because generally speaking people are incredibly weak. They're like sheep. They want to be led by the nose. They want to be given some big song in advance. of dance. My son of dance is better than your son of dance and you're going to burn in hell and you're going to rot or you're going to go to heaven, you're going to get the seven virgins, you're going to be up there with all the other glam, the Jews are going to rot all this other crap, you know. All this ugly and nasty and you know what? The bottom lie that all is a hate and evil and that's what it's all about. We saw the money part of course. That's the main thing. So how's that? Roberto, what's his name doing? The one on the floor. So, huh? Roberto Bajillo. Twenty one before the run. I thought it was a soccer plan to find out he was the Vatican bank. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixteen two eight. Two nine. Oh, you're the one who goes there with that never move out. Oh, my God. I can't understand theounds of malleator of firecus, what does he say? Hold up. I'm going to the party tonight and I'm going to smash the parade. Oh, who up with everything great, I am a good lady. Oh, if there ain't no next to one, I can't bear it. We put the fun and fun of the guitarists. Oh, rake to the Lord, turn and bark in view. We give joy so blood to the appointed view. So may you know, down to the revolutions. There's going to be never wind, right away and go. Oh, who do you desire? Who do you desire? Who do you desire? Who do you desire? Who do you desire? Who do you desire? Jesus, life, we're done across. I'm dying out of the hands. It's $1.45, $1.50 million at your Heathen Station, WCQA. Thank God for us, man. Thank God. They'll go. I'll tell you that right now. I want to bend over for, I would like Ron Jeremy and double join it. I've been over in Kiss My Necaves. Oh, I see Ron Jeremy. He's not up to my speed. I got 19 votes on the police only got 17. You're a little league, Ron. You've backed up a hairy crap. He's got more hair on his back than most guys have on their head. Yeah. Just ask, no, he'll kill you. I'm going to get a point. Including him. Especially now that I got my balls spot. I've got this thing shaved so short and my hair too. It is so comfortable. Rake and Peel it. Let me try again. Rake and Peel defense looser for Sam Tungtag. Cause this story is so amazing. Defending looser for the devil looked in on Iraq's Parliament last Wednesday when a member of Parliament operated Prime Minister Abraham Jafarer for speaking ill of Lucifer. I remember that show I love looser for. But favorite. Cameron Cari Saeed, a Kurdish MP and a member of the Minority Yazidi community that worshiped the peacock angel. Oh, yeah. That's my favorite angel is the peacock angel. They only watch shows an NBC. Also known as Lucifer, angrily interrupted the Prime Minister during a parliamentary debate. My Prime Minister and my ministers, my speaking out my seems strange to you, but we feel insulted when you repeatedly use the expression your speeches and statements. God protects us from the devil. Each time the word is pronounced my colleagues turn to or me as if I were a representative of the devil. When's the New Jersey going to make them change the name of the hockey team Josh? Just like in Tampa. The devil raised. Oh, my God. Remember that thing to miss a head over there? Are they going to have to mess with the Indian teams in hockey? Such as, I don't know how you tell me. Yazidi is followed a pre-aslamic religion, which some believe was founded in the 12th century by Sheikh Uday bin Masfail al-Al-Maui. Oh, he was my favorite. Oh, Sheikh. He was even Ali that can be better than the Sheikh of Arabi. Although many scholars praised its origins to these araspar religion, Persian, Persia. Sheikh Uday was born in Damascus, was died in the town of Lali, Shinor, the Iraq, where his children become the Yazidi's ha, ah, holi is shrine. Oh, man. Watch out for those Yazidi's. The community was still largely based in the foothills, North of Iraq. And it's just so ridiculous. It's so pathetic. The community was still largely based in the foothills, North of Iraq, may northern city of Mosul, and in the Syngir mountains, on the border with Syria. Watch out for those naked Syrians. The women looked like guys. But followers of the faith could be found throughout the Kurdish diaspora, neighboring Syria and Turkey as levels of former Soviet republics of Cacose, of Caucasus or in Germany and Britain. Said, there are 600,000 to 700,000 Kurdish Yazidis, and they feel insulted whenever used that phrase. And we call on those in position of authority to take a cut of this. In other words, cut the crap. Lucifer, my ass. The Yazidis did not believe in Heather Hill, the number of guards Satan's evil. In fact, they worship him, but they're not say his name. Oh, no, the love that they're not say its name. You know what I'm saying? Oh. Three of Iraq's 275 MPs belong to the sects, as members did not marry outside the faith. There were also two Yazidis in the 117th Regional Kurdish Parliament, and of course those Kurds want to have their way. Defarious as he met in the harman using the expression common among Muslims, he said when we use this expression, that's what we say. You would have forgotten the minority. Even if religions are different, all agree on the need to respect one another, but we don't. Especially in this form, our respect for others is essential, but one must also respect the majority and the majority is Muslim, and A, okay. So take your Yazidi and take your Satan and stick him with a mobile shine. Take your Pittsburgh and stick it. Black dome, right. All right. That's smart of your word. I will say this, the Iraqis are bettered versus than the Saudis. Well, yeah, because they're mostly, you know, moderate. Well, let me ask you this. Now, the Saudis do all the Saudis and the citizens were, is that just a royal family, the princes, the Greeks, the royal family, just worse fancier dresses. Well, I like that. Bring around the forehead, though. It's black. What do they call that? Now, that's the whole of the Ashmafin place, right? That's right. Man, you're going around the forehead. You don't want it to blow off. Governor, linked to alleged girlfriend cover up, poor Arnold man, his approval rating is not down to 34%. But you know something, the people of California deserve what they got. In California, you deserve them, okay. You got you, I've borched that stuff. And the people of Florida deserve that. Anybody foolish enough to put that lying piece of crap in it again, who helped with Katherine Harris to fix the 2000 election, and they rewarded by we elected, oh, we like, yeah, we like Governor Jim. Man, must be that great family's got. That it. They'll show those perverts to Clinton's a thing or two or three. Governor Schwarzenegger now faces allegations that Hashmani was paid to a woman to keep quiet about an affair the two had years ago. In the last few weeks, it's been a difficult time for the Governor who had to drop a multimillion dollar deal with muscle magazines after the public found out about them. It's now been led to the same publisher paid off a woman to keep quiet about her relationship with Schwarzenegger. It was the National Enquirer that first reported that Schwarzenegger had a long running extramurital affair with the young actress named G. G. Goa Yeth, who I'm sure is no relation to Phil Goa if he used to play hockey for the Montreal convenience. Well, by the way, speak of Roberto Calvio. I was just thinking most of the people in America wouldn't know how Roberto Calvio from Nick Salvi who used to drive a pump in a park and had a horse called The Conciliarie. I bet you didn't know that did not. Two years later, the Enquirer has published an negotiated a multimillion dollar deal with Schwarzenegger to make an editor of muscle magazines. In fact, the Conciliarie was in the race when Neatross, where I was racist, Pompeo Park. That's when the publisher also made a pay off to G. G. Goa Yeth according to a report in the LA Times. Right after he announced the National Enquirer went to G. Goa and paid her 20 grand for her story, says Schwarzenegger Biker for Lawrence Leamer, who documented the Goa Yeth affair in his new book called Fantastic. Nothing is ever appeared. It's a look like it may have been a bribe. During the campaign, Schwarzenegger was forced to deal with allegations of sexual transgressions. I have been hit badly sometimes, Schwarzenegger been a during his candidacy. It's true that I was un-routed. Remember that it was a rowdy movie. What does that mean? Routy? Or you don't have a very rowdy. Yeah, even Linda Blair, remember it's Captain Routy. And I've done things that were not right. I apologize. He said, oh boy. That's the catch-off for everything. I apologize. That's it. No matter what it is. The alleged payment to G. G. Goa Yeth came exactly two days after Schwarzenegger announced the his candidacy for governor. At the same time, he was negotiating a deal with the publisher, which would pay a minimum of a million a year, even after he was elected. Schwarzenegger terminated that business. He terminated. What would you expect him to do? But only after the public found out about it. When you do business with somebody, you don't do negative things about them. It's his leamer. If he was going to be the executive editor of the muscle magazines, then he expected that they wouldn't write negative things about his sex life. And that's exactly what happened. Exactly. The new scandal comes at a time when Schwarzenegger is trying to repair his image with the voters. It takes a notch down in his favorabilities for sure, his San Francisco political consultant, Don Solum, one of his candid down for in Chesco. It's found to affect his favorability and it's found to take it down. The recent scandal is taking a toll on the governor who politically six months ago, his approval rating was at 65%. The figure has been cut about in half a bad sign for a governor who's trying to convince voters to support his initiatives in the special election. The governor's office had no comment for CBS five in California. I mean, like that. The liar, Chesacrap, and his wife don't have any chin, but she sure plays a mean chin ball. How is that pull come? We're going to make 400 votes say or what? Wait, I think. Oh, yeah. Sure. That's $398. See, we got a bunch of naked pictures of Britney Spears doing it with a most today. How do you like that? Just on our just go to newrogynous.com. I think she calls him Kevin. Yeah. Oh, God. Talk about it. Well, if I were her, I tell him to bamboose. I'll tell you then. He is grotesque. But, then they meet like if the San, and maybe we would lie a love it. Maybe there's something that don't meet the eye. And he snows too. Does he really? That's what ex-girlfriends have said. Oh, geez. You know, who else used to snow real bad was James Dean? That's right. I heard they said that he was a terrifying of holding a bar of soap, because you had to send it a drop in it all the time. He wouldn't, but Natalie would. Well, if you wouldn't use so much tied. Hmm, let's see, who's the all-time obvious male celebrity movie, TV radio, whoever. Marty Feldman 102 is got those Barbara Bush eyes. Hank Goldberg 55, poor humber man. Maybe if he loses an answer to, like, yeah, maybe 100. So Hank, I'll say it again on the Arlington Million race on. Oh, and it was the Kieran Fallen. What am I European Jockeys are you're great? You know it, Frankie Detroit, Kieran Fallen. What do you know about it? Huh? Marty Feldman 102, Hank Goldberg 56, Mohour David 34. Yeah, but you haven't seen him since he got his new do. Lyle, I love a 31. Neil Rogers 21, I'm tied with crumb Alden 21. Ron Gier, me 19. He's right on our ass. Slice the low 19. Oh, when Wilson 15, he started to drop a little bit. He ain't no big Wilson. Oh, I had another one for here that should be on here. It's for good to put, uh, Bel Lagosie and it's Boris Carl off. For really without a big car. Well, yeah, really, really, okay. He's a big thing. It was like a mountain range man. It had like peaks and valleys and, wow, hills and hollers. Yeah, let's get him on there. James Woods is tied with Owen Wilson 15, truck bronze in 12, WC field 8, Edward James almost human. He's annoying. He's got six fill, Henry's got six also annoying. Don I'm as fine. Jack, Elon five, Peter Laurie five, Steve Buschimi's only got four. How do you like that? How do I might be a phone? Richard Brune for Paladin, have gun will travel. Gene Wilder, three reds, Keltan, three Wayne Heisen has got to pair. They hate you like poison, Wayne and wish you would die. I look at death. And by the way, how's your gay son? Thon King to Bel Lagosie's got to pair F Marie Abraham and William the foc. He had to feel so bad. Now that we got 400 hosts. We got a shot at 600 today. If we don't get 600 votes today, we're throwing it in a towel. We're going to start playing Russian New Zirka's 10-2 tomorrow. I didn't like that. I didn't use a cue to get it ready. Maybe we'll just play old jingles. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8-2. We've done a little bit of drama. We're totally kissing here, some green jingles. Are you sure? John Robert. He is just 50-0. We're way, we won't have a home. But he looks great in a row. John Robert. John Robert. John Robert. John Robert. He won't have a dead lip, Mr. John Robert. John Robert. John Robert. The right wing like his police. The left wing will give him three. Time to look inside the crease of John Robert. He's the sweetest man to me. Just to wait to rip my thighs. John Robert. He's push is not worthy John Robert. Oh, it's been a John Robert saying I'm going to screw him a little bit. Robert's wrote in 1985 that Memorial for fetuses was a good way to draw attention to the abortion tragedy. I just mentioned that in passing. Here's a really good one for the poor somebody, fact. John Madden, you are. I have no life. I like that. John Madden, he is really gruesome. I think I can say one thing about some fat people. Now like me, I don't have a fat face. It's all from my nipples to my thing. Yeah, see what I'm saying. But some fat people go like fat jowls. Like Hank has got a fat face, right? John Madden, his face is like, you could slap it on a mouse or a mouse or a mouse. This is because the statue is there. Oh, and I keep speaking about mouse market. He's thinking to buy you the North by Northwest. Oh, I forgot all that. The Kerry Grant and what's your name? What is your name? Even where he's saying it. Okay. I'm going to say there are 10 people. I remember even where he's saying. He was in on the waterfront with Carl Maldon, Marlon Brando. I need you a cab. I already did it. Remember even where he's saying? Beautiful blonde. But anyway, here's some window. Swapshop emergency here in Cancel. Hey, Preston, hand. Yeah. Everybody call off Preston and say, Hey, I'll understand. He'll probably relate to you. Probably answer. Like that. And attorney for the Hanford family circus this morning. Cancel request for emergency here in Cancel. Swapshop owner Preston. David Berkison said he pulled the injunction request, which was said to be heard by Broward George this Thursday. Because the Hanifords have moved off the Swapshop property on West sunrise. Both are near for Lauderdale. The emergency request that has to judge. He penned away from the Hanifords is a try to leave the Swapshop. Keep him away from us. He's like that. Hand order the circus off his land last week. See, that's what happens when you hang around with Dignavaro too much. Nick Navadaro. Eventually you lose your mind. Hand order the circus off his land last week. Siding contract insurance disputes. Before the Hanifords left, hand Swapshop employees. Put mechanical boots on the circus vehicles. And shut off power to the circus. Oh, it's kind of like Qm. It's a circus. Berkison also filed a breached contract lawsuit against Tim last week. Allegedly owes the Hanifords thousands of dollars. Hand and as attorneys have 20 days to be spotted, I'd complaint. Berkison said, I like that. That person and his hand man. At the Swapshop shop. And we like them a lot because they might come back to former sponsor bars. He's due over the road of parents who's there. And smelly elephant droppings and the sawdust all combing. Man, it was just a beautiful thing. Hmm. Right in the middle of lunch hour. Okay, we got some Julio stuff. About time we need to have a lot more Julio stuff on it. Sure, well, first we had that plain question. Ben Fuella. We have too many benefits. Waylands listening. Couple. Fear for. Maybe about 30 men. Outed. A majority of his Spanish board in the US don't think illegal Latino migrants should be given drivers licensees according to a brand new pool. I guess they didn't take that pool in Dave County though. No, no. Most foreign foreign Hispanics disagree according to the polling for the Pew Hispanic senator. Foreignborn. Right. See one thing about Fnix, you know, and I'm not talking about his Spanish necessarily. But like certain ethnic groups like like people from India. Which we have an enormous number here in Canada. And like if they were born, if they're like born in Canada. Mm-hmm. As opposed to born in India. Generally speaking, they tend to smell better. Okay. Well, I've checked it on. All right. 6 and 10 is Spanish born in this country. And the same with Chinese. Now, there are some Chinese people born in China who got a very, I don't know how to describe it. Punky smell. Do I'm talking about? I've never smelled the Chinese. Oh, geez. But like Chinese Canadians, they smell really good. Like maple syrup. Hmm. 6 and 10 is Spanish born in this country. Approved of measures to prohibit illegal immigrants from getting drivers licensees. Right. Well, 2, 3 is born. What was that? Oh, sorry. What was that? Was that you? Yeah. What was it? That was an outburst. I said, that's right. No, no. It's not that it was the brakes on some truck right outside of the right out of the street out there. Wasn't you? Any well. 2, 3 is of his Spanish born in another country. Disapproved as much measures. The difference between foreign born and Spanish and native born and Spanish on the drivers license. You highlight the disparity between the two groups on several issues. Foreign born Hispanics take a more positive view than native born Hispanics. Some other immigrants strengthen the USA. Almost 9 and 10 foreign born Hispanics say immigrants strengthen the country. While 2, 3 is of his Spanish born in the US field that way. According to the pool. So 90% if they're like foreign born and only two turrets if they were born in the USA because they're under their old trust. Among Latinos in the US, there's a much, well, what was that? What I thought was that for? Standard cell, like one of those stupid sports shows now. What they drop in those ining things at the most inappropriate times. Stupid sports shows. Two thirds of Hispanics in the US and undocumented migrants helped the economy by providing low cost labor. Again, foreign born Hispanics were more upbeat about the impact of undocumented migrants than those born in the USA. Most Hispanics feel the number of immigrants coming into the country should stay the same or be reduced with only a third. Say the number should increase according to a pooled on for a few and another pooled on for time magazine. Three four cent of time pooled on five hundred three Hispanic adults said people in the US illegally are taking jobs that US citizens don't want. The time pool was taken from July 28 to August 3. Oh, we got that little third kind of story on there too. I don't think I had printed that out. It's on our website today. He agrees with that. That's what taking jobs at blacks, even blacks don't want. Most Hispanics feel the number of immigrants that say three four cents a time pool where they just got through. The piece that they also have Mexican feel about trying to get in the US almost half of Mexicans or 46% surveyed in May said they would go to the US if they could. Well, who would have one live in Mexico about if you and five said they'd been trying to go live and work in the US without authorization. The desire to migrate is not a phenomenon of the poor and poorly educated syrup said the inclination of our greatest powerful and the middle class in the middle class in Mexico. Even those with college education they would say I would go to the US if they could. But reminds me of that scene in the godfather too, which I just told guys, it's all parts of I could myself think you were a butteast announces that his position is no longer terrible. Right. And he's getting his Holon ass and everybody else gets up before even the kids finished talking and they're all Holon ass. Yeah. Fredo come with me Fredo. You'll be saying Fredo anyway. And then of course, K-Lost the baby. Well, it was an abortion. It was an abortion, Michael. It was a boy. How would you raise that a boy? Can he go? Yeah, that was great. And then you see, you can just see the blood boiling in his eyes man just the foaming of the mouth. Also speaking of holios, Alberto Gonzalez, George Lopez and surprise Jennifer Lopez. Our longtime magazines 25 most influential Hispanics in America. And Zollars, the nation's first Hispanic attorney general was born in San Antonio to Mexican immigrants who worked as migrant workers when he was young. He could be nominated for a position on the Supreme Court before President Bush's termans got forbid. The magazine notes in its August 22 tradition that the former Texas Supreme Court justice has helped Bush build a more muscular executive branch. I think fascism is the word you're looking for. Kind of like Abu Ghara, right, that mentality there, right. Another list maker may have capital hill motivations. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson is widely seen as a future presidential contender. Time writes his name recognition may be low. In fact, more people know Bobby Richardson than Bill Richardson, but his resume is impressive. Impressive. Seven terms in the US House and bastard of the U.N., Secretary of Energy under Bill Clinton, and last year, first Hispanic chairman of the National Democratic Convention. Time reports that funny man George Lopez, whose George Lopez Show has had a solid run since its debut in 2002, is one of only three Latinos who played lead roles in hit network sitcom starring Latinos. But who would be the other ones? Rizzi Arnez, okay, Chico, with Chico Nihiro and a man. Now what about that fruitcake on that 70 show? We don't know what he is. Oh, I know what he is. Gay. Jelo is a no-brainer for list of magazines says embodying the American dream of success to hard work and vision no talent a big fat ass and the worst movies ever made. After a summer high-ack, also made the summer high-ack is a hooliette? Oh no, time writes he plays the show biz game like a true scrimmage here dodging, scrambling and tackling much bigger obstacles. Among the top 25 time Hispanics are Cuban Irish writer Elisa Beldoz Rodriguez, never trust anybody who was named in Z. Cuban American Senator Mel Martinaz, and Mexican American filmmaker Roberto Rodriguez. Oh, they are these five six seven, how's Orlando doing? Anybody seen him? No, God. They even played the Kurt one all the time now because Orlando, he shined us. I want to hear you. Yeah. One thing about Orlando, he got married long before this whole gay marriage thing got going. Did he? Pretty, pretty proud of him for that. Five six seven, see there's no calls on here because in about 30 seconds, you know, soon as I give the numbers out. Or maybe not. I don't really care because when we do these only these two show week, the summer schedule, I always have myself a big pile. I remember I was, you heard me forming my pile this morning. Yes, my debut before the show. No, always a good idea when you sit down here to have a huge pile because if you count on the audience out there, they're busy, you know? They're busy diving mosquitoes and looking on a weather map to see if there's any hurricane is coming, trying to breathe. They're waiting to see if the South Florida's ever going to have another NFL football team. See, we shouldn't be running those pro-lo's saying we're the dolphin station. Because quite frankly, we should be proud to say, hey, we are no longer the dolphin station and pretty pleased about it and you ought to be too. And by the way, Jimmy, you're fair. WDQAM, hello. Never did get that final look of whole from Jim Sarn. I'm sure he's probably going to fix it over any minutes. WDQAM, hello. Hey, the hell? Yes, sir. Hey, man. How about Elvis Presley? He was a 30 year racist and I hope you're right there. And I hope you're right there and hell forever. Yeah, yeah, he was here a long way. Uh, come in EQA and hello. Hey, all the way did sleep with mommy in the last 40. What is it? Flight quick, the human, the human, the human, the human. He was even, not really in John Kerry, right? All the way ran better. Fred Gwyn, pretty early guy. He's dead, isn't he? Yeah, yeah, he died. In fact, I saw a thing on the biography they had to show about, you know, every now and then they'll do like a program on a show as opposed to just one person. Like they did the Brady bunch. Yeah. And they did the thing on, I don't think they've ever mentioned about, what's his name, Grandpa, Elvis? What about him? He's not like he's so out, you know, because he was out with Howard all those eight million times and was, oh, yeah. Yeah, Elvis, Grandpa. But he was even worse than the grandpa on my three sons. Now let's see. Fred, where you'm, Frolly? He was the second one, wasn't he? Correct. I mean, he was also on, I love Loosely, William Frolly. He played Fred Merz. But who was the first Uncle Charlie on my three sons? I'll get out to look it up. And what's his name was doing fairer faucet supposedly? The one, I like from that show, what that was his name? Rob? I don't know. Come on, you can do it. You know his name, Don Grady. There you go. From the Grady bunch. Why should we would like to see that Grady bunch? 1213 at 5.60 WQAM. For years, I haven't tell you about drug concepts. The best carpet cleaning company around, but did you know the drug concepts can also save you? Hundreds may be even thousands of dollars by doing other things for you. Drug concepts also specialize in drapey cleaning, a post-training leather furniture restoration, Macris cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, pet odor treatments, water damage too. Drug concepts can also clean and restore your tile and grout quickly and efficiently. Drug concepts for professional staff always looking for new things to help you with. Keep everything working brand new. During the month of August, take advantage of their summer sizzling number two package and water damage special. Drug concepts from carpet cleaning, the tile and grout cleaning, it's the only place to call the new or all for you. And they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to job. No rip off, no scams, that's five years in for over 20 years in my homes. You ought to be doing the same. In day borrowed in a Palm Beach is column toll free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, run the wicked web at strideconcept.com. This is new Roger. This is 5-6-1-800-80. If you see a pretty decent nothing alive, there's a pretty good chance there. No doubt there. No doubt there. I got me a tool, my wrist is big as a whale, and they say that they can fix it with some stem cells. Right now I'm like head in and I feel kind of funny, so hurry up and get back funding money. I got them all super little bell back. Can't make a bell down, don't help me. Step down, baby step down, don't help me. Step down, baby step down, don't help me. Go for some fat, but they got a last and three seconds up. Well they're thinking right there in a cryogen attack in an old Beach Beach, they'll want to make a wish. Turning to a river, turning to a heart, turning to a clear meaning. Do it all with stem cells, don't help me. If the clever little bell back, we can't harm it forever. Steps cells, baby step down, don't help me. I'm slicing an advice, I can't help, I can't save them, I can't freezer. You can be an old geaser, my illness is tragic. But stem cells are magic, so everybody pass them around and around and around and around. They're so steady, baby step down. You're fed as governor says always choose life. Choose life like Terry Andrew. Choose life. As opposed to all those people are innocent people dying over an Iraq. But then again, it was worth it. They should have attacked us. You made a bad mistake about that. You should not know your my three sons stuff. Somebody fascists the cast and the dates they run to show. And you were absolutely incorrect, where can probably was above he was grants, in 1965 and then he had the nerve to croak. I prayed that up by the way. So you're like, show off your own mistake. Well, you corrected your bad bad error. What do I know about that chef? What? Something to show the name of all the people on it. Me, me, me, me. Fred McMurray. From the 29 mutiny, right? William Demeris was not go Charlie from 65 to 72 after William Fralley, Fred Mercer, Fred and F.L. Merzfayman. I love loosely. Croak, you went to that big sitcom in the sky. He's dead. He's riding in a box. Just like what's your name? Just like what's your name? What's your name? Sister Ron Panschins. I can't even think of her name now. That idiot. What are you watching? You want to show you what? What's your name? Very livingston, Stanley, that was in the night where they were like related chip and early. They were both very ugly and Tim Konson. I was even uglier. And a character in plan that was Mike Douglas. Oh, my God. I was Mike Douglas. Show, I sure hope not. Nope. Oh, I speak of that. I gotta go to my pile and find you won't believe this. Josh, I believe because he saw it put on our website. If you read it, he may not even just slap it on there. Oh, it's some of the worst news ever if it's true. It may not be true. It may not be a switchful thinking. Oh, the story about Dick Clark, did you see that? No, I didn't. Oh, good. No wonder you sound like you're going to be heard as Dick Clark. Now, guess who's going to co-host the 34th edition of Dick Clark's New Year's Rock and Eve Live New York Times Square December 31st, the lead's Ryan Z. Oh, oh. Two good reasons not to watch. Clark's 75 has been recovering at his Malibu home from a December 6th stroke. He's doing really well. Clark publishes Paul Schreffer and said Monday, he's walking. He's talking. He's over your early normal night. Life every now and then he is like a wild bowel movement. Wow. The long time host of American bandstand hasn't appeared on TV or done interviews since his stroke. And according to the inquire, he was like a vegetable like a cucumber. Like a rootabego. Last year, daytime talk host read just Sylvan's doing while Clark Watcher was hospital but I like read just but you know what I'm talking about. Oh, we're exposed and the enough already read just, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's like he's everywhere pretty soon. He'll be like the next burp parks. It's big meal. He just wants to find tuna before he sticks and said, I'll make his return to TV. Oh, you know, like a turtle. You don't want to stick his head out yet. So, Jeff Renew's refused to discuss the impact of what he would own describe as a minor stroke. But in Quarro City, he had a second stroke and he was like a vegetable. Clark said in this statement, it'll be going to be back in New York again for New Years and I'm a lady that Ryan has created Germany in ushering in New Years. The first of American Idol and the real Jackass real Ice Hole has agreed to I'm out of your deal with executive produce and joint Clark as co-host of the ABC special. I wouldn't time to far head Ryan. Seekrest will eventually take over his host. Dick Clark is an American icon. I'm out of that he's interested me with such a role in this national Traditions he for a set of Mr. Netanyard news. Wow, I don't believe it. Maybe even though just we'll have a lump on a chair like they did with Kate Smith. I don't want that crap at it. I'm sure he's about to size your fist and they wheeler on stage and in a wheelchair. And it was like lump like Matty Bell, like a lump on a chair. Now why couldn't they let her just go out and then leave us the image of the fat Robust God was Americano. Like they played a thing in Philadelphia to fire his games. Flyers. They Bobby Clark you jackass. Here's a fact that says put any cap on your pool. He's a kind of an ugly guy. He's got a face for radio. It says, look at that. He definitely has a face made for radio. Have you seen his picture on a QM website? No, but I've seen him in person more than once. It is not a pretty picture. Also, can you please announce what you're going back to five days? Let's do so. Monday, September 12th. I thought I had to, you know, in my mind. That's what I'm counting the days. Going too fast. This is zooming by. Busy, oh, by the way. One night race would be farward robbing the consularity was a second. And the bedding interest in the night frost. Just in case my good friend Dick Fineberg is listening, hey, Dick, how is those slots kind of baby? Man, you see one thing in Florida, they had nobody to blame with themselves because they should know that they're going to get scammed by the governor and legislature. They should have put it there and they're in Braille and available writing. I mean, every detail. No, I'm saying what do you say? I'm saying that they screwed up bad. And now you don't have your slots. You can't go there and lose all your money right now, which is a shame. I bet you, I bet you Josh should be there right now playing Wheel of Fortune. Yeah. I bet you Carlos would be there out from out front. No, he'd be playing. Five, five, eight, eight, eight. Sevens. I think they named that game after her. It like garlic. Yeah. People tend to love garlic or hate it, but few probably associated with pain. And I guess it all depends on where it's, you stick it. It burned. That's right. Nonetheless, it turns out that pain sensing nerves, we spotted the suffer-based chemicals in garlic. Indeed, the same mechanism the body uses to react to the sharpness of chili peppers and spicy condiments like mustard and wasabi is the one that detects all the cordless studying in two states proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Hey, give me to a literacy. Where are you at? David Judius, oh, I sure love his orange Judas. David Judius is a Department of Senator molecular pharmacology at the University of California, San Francisco, said the finding was made during research on the mechanisms of pain sensation. Judius discovered that when a subset of pain neurons in rats activates a some membrane channel called TRPA1, the results of release of brain chemicals that stimulate blood vessel violation and inflammation. Understanding how such nerves work, he said, can help researchers learn more about how our arthritis and some muscular problems develop like your bad back. You can use it. In fact, many dish mirrors some garlic on it. Okay. But in use, the actual product is very interesting from a psychological probes of the pain pathways to just said whatever that means. Susan Travers, an overlation to Mary Travers, a Peter Paul and Mary of O'Hastard University, the most interested, and maybe she's kind of Randy Travers, but I hope not, said the most interesting finding of the papers that the neurons that respond to garlic compounds are only a subset of those that respond to calf-sacen and hot peppers that I say that. This type of specificity would give some basis for why people can't tell the compounds of parts of Travers who was not part of Judius's research team. Garlic sometimes called the stinking rose. Or they pick an angel again? Garlic sometimes called the stinking rose belongs to the ear of her life? Yeah, I never did. The lives of the group of plants called alium, which also includes onions, leeks. Oh, there's nothing like a good leak. Chines and shallots, remember gene shallots with a big domestic? I do. All of them produce sulfur-based compounds that make them pungent. One called alicine, I thought he's not one of the leeks. Activates the set of pain sensors in his especially prominent in garlic. In addition to its culinary properties, garlic has a long history of use in phoenixes, and haven't been used to treat such ailments as time blood pressure, high cholesterol, even blood clots, even blood clots. Caffecese in the chemical that gives out peppers that their heat is currently a major ingredient in the cream for our fried surface. It's what they have about Thai food. I like Thai food a lot, but every now and then you're eating Thai food, and you'll see one of those real hot peppers like one of them red ones sitting in there, you know? Yeah, I don't like Thai food. Really? Peanut's a lot of peanuts. No, not a lot of dishes don't have peanuts, but almost all of them, no matter even if they're not real spicy, they have the little shred whatever those are. They have to like, shmere off of the side. 476 votes, we got our real shot at 600 of Joshua just put his pedal to the metal here, just lean on it. Alright, I'm leaning on it. Like Bill, what they said lean on it. This is Neal Rogers. This is by 168. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. But when it burns out, I'll buy everybody new one. All right. Not serious. I just love that thing. I think it's so great. He writes religious leaders hate rival sources of authority. 18th century European Enlightenment thinking with its concept of rationalism in science, provided religious authoritarianism with that rival. A murkestounding father's products of the Enlightenment had the audacity to effectively say to Christianity, we're a supply you want, but our constitution doesn't need your influence. Roman Catholic tradition list and Protestant Christian Bible based fundamentalist still over this rejection. Then, as now, Zalas Catholics and Protestants claimed to speak for God, verses Enlightenment thinkers who boldly experimental with new ideas, independent of Christian dogma. Today's clergy shudder, if their members hear the Thomas Edison's of the Swirlers' invention, can't afforded America to prosperity, explain as you did that. Religion is all bunk. The June 22nd International Herald Tribune, carried an article by Peter Watson and Thuddle, the price of fundamentalism. It made highly pessimistic observations about nations under the influence of religious fundamentalism and America's present trends. Religious fundamentalism in Israel, the Roman Empire, China and the Islamic world, had very destructive results. Israel, BCE, was consumed with religious zealotry and alienated self from its surrounding Greek and Roman civilizations. Israel's Zedal for God, God is rewarded in the 70's CE, the Romans and I related Israel. The Roman Empire's unlikely to rise came three centuries later. Edward given author of the decline of follow the Roman Empire, Blaine's Roman Empire, the Ottoman Empire, was followed by the 70's of Christianity. Buddhist fundamentalism in China resulted in centuries of chaos until the 9th century when the Song Renaissance restored the Chinese civilization. Islam's early success was spectacular. It produced many intellectuals in scientists until fundamentalism gained the upper hand in the late 11th century, leading to a millennium of backwardness which still affects the Islamic world. Christian fundamentalism is gained political tendency in America under President Bush, science takes a vaccine to his right wing religious ideologues. In August 2003, the government reform committee in the US House assessed the treatment of science and scientists by the Bush administration. The report politics and science in the Bush administration found many instances where the administration manipulated the scientific process and disturbed or suppressed scientific findings. Former President George Herbert Walker Bush and decade earlier stated, now more than ever, on issues ranging from climate change to AIDS research, government relies on the impartial perspective of science for guidance. The current Bush administration has skewed this impartial perspective, generating unprecedented criticism from the scientific community and prominent Republicans who once learned federal agencies. In February, the new scientists reported a survey in which fully half the scientists working for the US Fish and Wildlife Service said they'd been pushed to change or withdraw scientific findings for political reasons. Fundamentalism's anti-science attitude pervades society, the science journal, physical review, reported in May 2004 that scientific papers published by West European authors exceeded those by US authors in 2003. In 1983, there were three American authors for everyone, West European. The percentage of patents, the United Nations, whatever patents. The percentage of patents granted to American scientists has been following since 1980 from a 60.2% of the world's total to 51.8%. Falling faster than that number for Jimmy Siffle's and Joe Rose on the Sun Sentinel pool. In 1989, America trained the same number of science and engineering P.A.D.s. as Britain Germany and France combined, in 2004, the US is 5% behind. European scientists now have a lot of number of American scientists in citations awarded. America is behind in coding and stem cell research, now led by South Korean, attending in British scientists. American fundamentalists seek to outlaw stem cell research on the arbitrary and totally improvement premise that life begins a conception, a recent concept contrary to the teaching of Saint Augustine and the allegedly infallible Roman papacy for some 1500 years. Fundamentalists use religious pretext against scientific and cultural abdiction, a religious sounding bumper sticker like rationality is usually sufficient to curtail the planet followers. Fundamentalism dictates on issues are arbitrary and cleverly manipulated to appeal to the emotions of voters, whether the issue is evolution, game marriage, stem cell research, abortion, youth and age are the environment the strategy is the same. President Bush's recent endorsement of teaching intelligence design perpetuates the same denial of science. ID proponents have never had an article on ID published in any peer-reviewed scientific journal. They don't conduct experiments they would prove or falsify their hypothesis. The religious conjecture under the guise of science makes no useful predictions. Broken they model it mathematically. There are no research labs doing intelligent design science because intelligent design is not science, it's religion. Those who can't learn from history are doomed to repeat an example of a form quote by philosopher George Santiana. We used to be fearful that communist and microing America down. History and current trends show the fruit of Christian fundamentalism. It's a far more in serious enemies, seducing its goable adherence with idle threats and false promises. Religious fundamentalist objectives have never changed. They seek indication for their rejection and watermarkings of the beast. Under George Bush it looks like history is repeating itself. They'll gladly need our lead our nation down fundamentalism through impathetic destruction all the name of their God, which unfortunately is not. Hail God, this is real Rogers, this is by 162A. It's day, what can I say? How do you like that moment? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is a snuffle? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that?