Me one up all I thought I'd check with pencil dog I'd check my paper around the door I'd check the chinectin' The raw gas crank game Boy, doin' make me lose control Boy, doin' Boy, I'd never say to you Gaze for the holes or is anything Door door door door Boy, boy, boy Door door door door Boy, boy, boy Door door door door door door Boy, boy, boy I scream, why is my cousin so good Door door door door Both eyes and face Hey, boy, boy, boy Be those all run after me E youn bug Will be me run after you Oh wait, he's real secs I can't get at mist He didn't talk, well go now Dae's gambling business It's like touch it off Door door door door Door door door door Door door You're going to be next by the way, they're going to come in and drag your ass out of there. How do you like that? See, man, he better put on his pants and his titses and his pants. is a beanie and all that stuff. They're slipping them out in Israel, man, in the Gaza. Oh, becegone when I say God. They never decalene. Oh, my God. This is one of the alternate things. Never hang out in the end. Of course, this is just like what we had in South Florida. I was telling George in 2000. All those carpetbag, as all those outsiders there, and all those Ojoan provocative turum, only those were going and these are Yiddler's. OK. These are right wing Jewish extremist punks who came in from the outside. It's Ojoan provocative turrets to stir it up. As they say on the sports shows, the Joe Rose likes to say to stir it up. And now which I like to say, I think. There you go. Does it stir it up? Well, good to see that everything is under control and Iraq. They see how. At least 43 people were killed in 76 wounded when a series of car bombs exploded, a crowded bus station, central Baghdad yesterday, sending debris and body parts flying across the scene. You know that you have things under control when you go outside and see body parts flying in all directions. That the burn fires your virus fleeing on foot. The assault that deadliest interactions made you why took place at the height of the morning rush hour. What is the Iraqi equivalent of Manhattan's port authority terminal? Our leader, the charter means that those buses lay scattered across the site and policemen inspecting them, pulled out items such as a baby's milk bottle and tattered pieces of clothing. There were a lot of bodies, a lot of smoke said for Rajlil onat 37, the police officer and charges security of the terminal. When the explosion happened, I could feel my self flying through the air. That's what the dump said this morning. Something about how much he enjoys that. And they say that? I'm sorry, I would have looked. I heard it. 845 Ots on the 40th today and George's question was, it is most pointless to try to restrict which of these. Prostitution 2016. Prostitution. Yeah. I don't want to interrupt. I don't want to prostitute. Pigs with this crowd. Drugs 151, pornography 66, language 57. Well, guys. Fuck it. Hard knit. No to the 49. Sodom A43. Oh, God. It makes me want to play. I don't think we can play that anymore. I played it yesterday, stuff. You played Sodom? I did. I just like that. I have the sour note there at the beginning of that. Wow. Oh. That's the word. That's enough. Gambling 35, speeding 32, game marriage 31. Gay. Self-own usage 27, gun ownership 26. Especially in America. If I were over there in Gaza right now, I'd like to fire a couple of warning shots up in the ears. I'd like you to get these. Get your ass out of here. I'll put them in a punch. I'll do far-bisson right when you lunatic religious nuts get out of here. I'll be like 10 seconds. Oh, my gosh. They're shooting in more and more in your direction. Well, they get them rubber bullets. You want to see some idiots move real fast. Abortion 26. Sleeping with your kin 20. Unless it's on passions, of course. That's what the Whitney would tell you. That was a late entry. It would have done better. Video games 20. 19. Yeah, you should have just said incest would have been better smoking cigarettes 17s. Puff it on those faggots. Pitful. I was guilty, saw it kind of surveyed this morning. A little bit. Now a little bit on the surly side. Like humorless. Pitful ownership six and movie admissions four. That's our George's pull. It's to excuse me. Our pull today. So, what are we going to start with? I don't have time to do it for tomorrow. But how about next Friday to ask? I asked for an air catch and concerns that it was going to email you on that. Your concerns about why? About whether or not it would be kosher for pace off. kosher ass. Welcome. Well, let's do another recipe. He said a brak over. They don't get that one getsky out of it. One with a big white ring case right there. He just didn't know my nerves already. They're all jammed inside the shul there in Neva de Calim, okay? And none of these people live there, by the way. I should point that out to you. Not a single one of these people live in that settlement. These are all outside Ojran provocative to a fanatical right wing juice. Cox Hawley, you may be ex. Okay, our pull today, picking up what we left off on Tuesday. Now, how did Tuesday come out? Meaning what? The ugliest, I guess there was no contest for Marty Feldman, right? Marty Feldman, yeah, he ran away with it. And then what the Humper did pretty good to understand? Yeah, I don't understand. He was in the top three. Think number three. Who is the all-time ugliest? I was pleased that Moe. Do do do do do. He out. The all-time ugliest female celebrity radio TV movies. And I got a short list so far. And if anybody out there had the, let's see, what is the national examiner, the tabloid? I got like an tabloid stuff, by the way. Oh, goodie. If anybody had that and saw the picture of bands that they got into this way, you have never seen anything. That gruesome, even a pile of pukes more attractive than Barbara Strasson, looks right now. She is just, I think it's a duet thing by itself. She'd go test. She just ballooned up. That's how that I do. That was not talking to you about that this year. We were. I sure hope I didn't lose it because right next to it was a picture of what's his name. Philippe Ryan Philippe. Dame your naked and boy, he's a lot prettier than she is, but then again, so is my ass. Okay, so that's the full day and what we got so far, 157 votes and I'm sure I've lots of there's so many of we broads and so little time. 157 Sandra Bernhard 65, I was there any doubt. She was not like the equivalent to the female equivalent of Marty Feldman. Right. Rosie O'Donnell 33, Rosie and Bart 20, two she's read on Rosie's ass. And the two of them are obviously having a great time. Barbara Streisand 10, I'm telling you, he saw that picture. Oh, no, sorry. Whoa, am I right? Yeah, the beat. I don't know if she ballooned up, but she looks like she could pass 180 easy. Imaging coconut nine. In fact, I'll tell you one thing if they want to tear out all those, get cheese in there. All they have to is hold up for a picture they've run for their lives. Imaging coconut, Oprah 7, aka Elsie de Borden cow, Tony Fields 5, Betty Davis 4 and B. Arthur's got a pair. She wanted to pass in that family. Oh boy, she really, I know her to hell out of me. Just over the top. Another walking air for anti-Semitism kind of like Jerry Seinfeld. And he's getting his over there right now. So, I'm just, I'm not a guy in the guy rocking back and forth. He's got the old, whatever. Yeah, he's in the pants. I don't know. I'm courageous at that time. He's got a bad, so maybe a little pepto business will couldn't hurt. Civil libertarians and the Pentagon are pure headed for yet another train wreck in the ongoing dispute over the so-called second batch of photos from Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. And response to a lawsuit by the ACAU, the Center for Constitutional Rights at a number of medical and veterans groups demanding release of 87 new videos and photos, the picked the Indian abuse that's announced from his prison, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he's probably smoking well right now, General Richard Meyers, said the release would be, would result in riots, violence and a tax-biens surgeon. In other words, if they saw this, grow test stuff. In court papers, proud to contest the lawsuit, General Meyers said he consulted with General John P. Abizad, head of the US Central Command, and General George W. Casey Jr. Commander of the US forces at Iraq. Both officers also opposed the release. He believes the release of the photos would inside public opinion in the Muslim world and put the lives of American soldiers and officials at risk. Oh, thank God, they're not a risk right now, you know, it's only 1,860. The situation on the ground in Iraq is dynamic and dangerous, Myers, and I thought the injured surgeon's here was in its whining days. That thought it was well with it. coughing up blood. With 70,000, they pointed out yesterday that there was a piece about the fact that it's like 40 degrees, so it's like over 100 degrees Fahrenheit. And most of these people don't have air conditioning because they don't have electricity. Right. The situation on the ground in Iraq, in fact they show for one home and the woman had candles on her kitchen counter and the candles were melted in the oil, like the lean tower pizza. Also, Myers said there is evidence that the Taliban was gaining ground because of popular discontent in Afghanistan. Well, thank God that could be any Americans fault or the right coalition of the unwilling mission accomplished. Right. Just like at Abu Ghara, Rabid for Myers said, what would your pull be without Merlin chambers? Okay. She used to look good, but that was a long time ago. Yeah. I don't think so. What? Devil in Miss Jones. Oh, there should never be a great beauty. She just wasn't ugly. I guess she wasn't one of the ugliest celebrities of all time. She's in the same, I'd say I put him in a gangled under, but I never got my book of brand this this week. And for this, the punishment I'm not going to put on this question. Nobody knows who that is. I was surprised that imaging copes got nine posts. She was out with Sitz Caesar. Remember imaging copes? No, you don't. I do. Do you really? I saw. Oh, look at their dominant over there. Oh, that uptake. Let's just get a response to the happening. Oh, you know, but I mean, I think they're scratching the whole out and how kind of crap is this. Seriously, I think they need he needs a doctor right away. It'd be doctor Ruth could help him out. Looks like some kind of a sexual malfunction at the his junction. So we'll get some more off for that pull obviously. Oh, yeah, Judea Park. I wrote that down because you wanted me to play that George requested Judea Park. Yeah, it's good. And also Ross to Jews. Yeah, because of the fact he's so anti-Somantic. Right. Wait until you find out the national examiner has picked the best burger in America. Well, if you saw the picture of Bob Rae, you maybe saw this issue. No, it's also in Star Magazine that picture. I'm sure it's the same picture. The picture of the burger or the picture of Barbara. No, bad. Oh, believe me. This burger is a hell of a lot there looking at that pitch. So look at today. You'll be shocked. It's right in your hood as a matter of fact. Maybe you've even eaten there. In Hollywood Florida. Can you believe that? Don't tease. Okay. Well, we'll do it when we come back. Give it a hug. No. Somebody to say after 10 and 5, 60, WQAM. Don't you go back to Canada, then you too bash it. They were creatures. I'm another time. Clown in a bold science at the gift's schedule. But then something went horribly wrong. Gentlemen, I have invited you here for the opening of the most amazing world life preserve the world as ever seen. A world conceived and created by myself and my assistant, Don. Gentlemen, I give you Jurassic Park. And it's you, me. What is it, Don? Did you get Jurassic Park? Yes, Jurassic Park. Oh, boy. Well, we're directed of E.T. It comes a story of one man's bad handwriting and the disaster effects. What a new man! All being naughty, but I thought you're not here. You gave it for us. So you're doing me right. Twenty-point-jews! All being there! Who do you do? You gave it for us. You gave it for us. Starving Lord Durn, Jeff Goldloon. I know about her dirty, tall Jewish people. Oh, boy. I want to be a part full of twenty-footjews. I can't find something the same question. I said, why would he want to be a part full of twenty-footjews? And I got, hey, who am I the judge? Two-day, at park. Coming soon with the theaters everywhere. Filmed in the sunrise, laces, what I'm hearing. Ten-18 at five, sixty-w-2 at boys. Is it a treat to have yelding in volign in a morning? No, oh, boy. Yelding sounded certainly during that little, no one not like a crossover. But whatever he was, because he heard from the background, sounded very certainly, humorless. He, you know, he's like, uh, in and out, in and out. So I get back to the best bookers in America. After Chris Cross and the country in a quest to discover America's best hamburger, author Alan Richman. Richman. She was used everywhere. Found gastric paradise in the tropics. Ha ha ha. Oh yeah. When I think I Hollywood Florida, I think of the tropics, the old tropics. Richman, taste tested some 160, oh before I do that, I just got to play because I'll forget about it. That read it cause me thinking again. Oh, the place, this is from last night. And speaking of six per version, we have just a stunning picture. We're going to show you for the first time. Of Dennis Raider, a pretty graphic stuff. This is actually Dennis Raider, basically naked, right? Hanging up side down. Yeah, they're there. Oh, not. She can't speak. She's as low test as you're ass on a bad day after about, after having a bad stomach. And she just, uh, I don't know what they're thinking about. She can't speak. Nope. Anyway, getting back to Alan Richman and his burgers. Yeah, come on. Richman tasted some 162 burgers. And his 24,000 mile trek. And during that trek, he probably tasted some really bad trek. And declared in GQ, uh, GQ magazine of all places that the best conglomeration of beef and bun is at Lake Tub. There we go. And open our eatery and Hollywood Florida. I have no idea where we're going to have to find out. How are we going to find out? Somebody will have to find. Oh, huh? Some will call them sure. Running a co-second was the Luger burger at Peter Luger Statehouse in Brooklyn. Richman, no, in Brooklyn, of course, were Jews in Tech other Jews. Hey, this business that Jews know in Tech other Jews, that's, ask you to talk ravine. How's he doing? Can we see him? Richman notes that the burgers and the two restaurants were equal, but Lake Tub's scenic location tip to scales. Given a choice between looking at the intercostal waterway and looking at the East River Richman says, it's not a hard choice. Third place honors, one to the aptly named, not just a burger from the Spice Parerist run at the Chandler Hotel in Newport, Rhode Island. And forget the cheese steaks in Philadelphia, two fully burger joints routed out. The Richman's top five. What does that mean? Forget OIC. It's just for good cheese steak at burgers. The Rouge burger at the Rouge restaurant came in fourth and Kobe Sliders at Berkeley Prime was with Kobe Sliders. They're the worst Slider right down, it's like oysters. Feeling sore country. And when I see the people, the wonderful people of these areas, and I see how they rose to the occasion with all their pain, with all their feelings, with their families being involved, I'm very proud of them. I'm very proud of these people. Look good. Have a nice weekend. So there you go. You got to check out Lake Tub and Hollywood. Maybe some people will know where it is, and then you can like taste test to yourself. You know it. It came in before to show this morning was raving about that ice cream cold stone creamery. How come we don't have the money? There's a sponsor, you know? You start to get a department of social stiff man, like our cardboard brick. They are dynamite, or maybe they ought to be dynamite at our sales department. They absolutely embarrass me to disgrace, but we don't care. I just mentioned that in passing just to aggravate them because they deserve it. Especially your clothes for a trend. I'm dying on the head. That one. Oh, that one down to Pano case any day. By the way, Lit Tub is on Ocean Drive in Hollywood. Ocean Drive in Hollywood, maybe. And it is, wouldn't say. It's at outdoor, let's see. An open air eatery in Hollywood. Some of us kind of like, some of the people. Huh? Some of the people probably watch the boats go by or something. Well, isn't that great? Lit Tub. And it's got a picture of the burger man. There's no way. I don't hear how big a mouth, even the steamy Tyler couldn't give his mouth around that thing. I have this. Wow, it is just huge, just gigantic. It looks unbelievably good. And it's got like a slice of tomato. It's got a poppy seed roll. It's a tomato. Then a bunch of like really anifty-looking lettuce. And it's a ring of onion. And then your cheese. And then your burger and then the bottom of the bottom man. Oh, man. Anyway. Uh, look at this. WQAM. Hello. 2AM. Hey, Lit Tub restaurant on A1A right around Johnson Street on the inner coast of South. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Let's try to drive Johnson Street on A1A on the inner coast of South. I understand. I see. That was somebody told you. They told us. Let's give a nice talk there because they made it nationally. I got a really big, uh, and now that Tiber Retiever got screwed over at least that one location. Yeah, just that one location. In four-laterdale. I mean, I don't want to say that throughout our business because they have other locations that are still open. But they got their leechy-angued. They got yanked in four-laterdale. Which I'm sure they're not the first ones. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I was just wanted to comment on what's up. That place was really nice. Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty cool. It's like real underground. It's got like, uh, just a laid-back atmosphere. Underground? Underground. Yeah, it's real dark and gank and smelly and-oh, I kind of placed, yeah. Oh, that was great. I'm going right now. Oh, I bet you've been in places like that before. I love the stink of dank. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil. It's really nice, man. The only thing is cash. Only milk credit cards. And, uh, there's E. Let me ask you, what kind of a person pays for hamburgers with credit cards? Smock, slipper? Get out of here. Cash or only no credit card. Ha ha ha ha. Now, what's the pun of time, uh, Mickey D's was going to start taking credit cards. They didn't do that, didn't they? What's sure they did? Do they? Yeah. I'll have a big Mac. I'll cook in a small fry. Here's my visa. Uh-huh. And then, in the best part, then you could turn down. That would be embarrassing. Yes. So many QAM. I want to tell you about cereal cruise for their påel. Sea invaded crew? Man. Here's a guy, good choices. In the best part, 돼요. SeaDe hunches. Lovely thing, course. It Goes to Shock. I actually at interaction. I am dead now. Now Crey not the one I'm lost alive. I believe you're more Formula one! Oh my... What a crazy buck. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. everywhere. But he actually said, it's on the other side of the ship, and the work of flicker lights, the flicker lights, he said, don't want to cut bones, flicker lights. Okay. They don't advertise. They just barely have a fine even out front of it at all. You can barely see it from the road because it's overgrown in the front and they got bad tubs. That's like really rustic. And the whole place of family who reads the history of the home, because then he was the guy built it from a pale in the way and he just got out of the bed and he picked up the jets and then brought some from the air coast of waters and all the wood and everything's built from that. And when you get to the rocks, they forget that it's okay because the drinks there don't even sell, they help beer and wine, but they don't sell anything in bottles of all cans. And if you go at night, expect a 45 minute wait because of the stuff. Yeah, it's sort of like a really bad. I mean, if I'll tell you, I said, you know, sit down, don't take a drink, I'll say, well, you're not going to get to food 45 minutes. Right. Because there's just a little guy, it's like a six by eight kitchen and he's just back there on the grill. Well, you can't. That now just waits a lot to be do this today. Yeah, so the act back. Take it back. I don't know about this about two weeks ago. That's where he came out. And then my buddy actually, when he was there, he asked, I may actually guys, I didn't make that now. We're not excited. We don't want anybody to think that we have the best voters who have enough problems. Yeah, they're in here. I don't know. Okay. So everybody go down or in a jam in place. Seriously, why not? If it's they got a really good product? Why not? You know, somebody don't have to hire a certain guy or something like that. Make them a fortune. Sure. I just can't, I can't deal with that when people like turn down a free plug. You know what I'm saying? Speaking of plugs, you see this dead wrong. It's going to be showing Sunday at 8 PM. I was watching it and popping it in cube very briefly. Looks very and very wrong. Yeah. It's about how wrong we were about going to war and everything like that. Like, see, you won't see it. No, I'm not watching BBC right now. I'll go over to see an information inside an intelligence meltdown Sunday. Yeah. I'm sure it's going to be. Oh, yeah. If it's on seeing it. And first of all, they're putting on a Sunday night, 11 o'clock when everybody's sloughing already. And number two, I'm sure that's going to be like, oh, you know, oh, there's a Sunday, old Sunday, she hand in Crawford, Texas and the growing numbers. I mean, I respect what she's doing a lot. I think it's great. But I don't know about you, but a little bit tired. I have a little Sunday, she and burnout. Yeah, well, she's, you know, peeing in the wind. No, like a season. He and in the wind. Well, what are we going to get to watch this? This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16村 palace. Everybody look. Indoor is lonely. I don't want if death would have stayed. Ha. Don't wanna swallow no magic Don't take your break Shake it off my face Don't get rid of people The past can't keep Don't wanna catch no magic To see these enemies to wait Don't give me no fears Boys, I'm vegan now I have to get by on such a loud way To wait Shake my burger away Don't give me no fears Boys, I'm the same with boys Don't wanna get sick Come with some of my four 10 ways to wait Boys, I'm the damnit of these boys I have to fool I guess I have to give up favor To always to wait Don't wanna live my mother Don't give me no fears For the past can't keep Don't wanna catch no magic 33 Oh, see, this is from this old from real Hey, we'll have a great day, your mama By the way, yes, spoke of Brian says FedEx F.D.P. Mail the package At the regular time he's calling them now to wait a year At them They did what? They F.D. up He's calling them to yell at them Because email the package Just saying time he always does And it just didn't give here I just wanted to be I'm sure the stuff wasn't that good anyway Um... Ha ha ha ha ha Here's a wheel says you report our lates How it may be dated, mail or hide In the Sun Sentinel Oh hold the mail please It's safe Mail or hide the Sun Sentinel wrote an article That said the GQ stories swamped them with long lines That even ran out of meat Well, you know, I saw like we've tried to scoop anybody on It's just a half of it was seen That's all I figured was a local winners And maybe we can just kind of like pile it on, you know? I know Come on, just calm down Oh yeah, fill us dillers She's lovely The most gorgeous fill us dillers for the polls So many of your test Bitches How about Tammy Fay? I don't want to get your boyfriend I'm in front Carlos upset Hey Carlos, you're fairery Tammy Fay sounds great We're over to make up Let's see now what is this thing? Somebody just jab bush F's Florida once again Florida homer is we'll pay the bail out to state Back to ensure it's $516 million deficit Wow The state backed non-profit companies Board of governors voted Wednesday And meeting in Jacksonville to take a one-time charge under all homer insurance bills Anyone with homer insurance policy will have to pay a 6.8% assessment To satisfy these citizens property insurance corporation shortfall $516 million Regardless of whether citizens insures their house condo town homer Farmers, etc. They're whatever they're pumped in For someone with a $2,000 annual premium that means an additional 136 bucks This is a special assessment that will be applied to whatever way the increases have been or will be approved by state regulators I still have said I said what are you doing this baby And thank you again to his brother for those low bargain basement gas prices It's a gas baby and of course back in the day we can play a little sound effect And you know give it a real gas can't do it no more the best we can do is That just pretend that's in gas just pretending you heard one of them ripple and fart sounds Gainesville that this is so typical of what we fully do that That's been news for you President Bush's job approval is dropped to 41% nationwide according to the results of 50 separate but concurrence statewide public opinion polls Conducted by survey USA Bush is approval rating ranges from a high of 59% Idaho to a low of 29% in Rhode Island Bush is above 50% in seven states Bush is at 50% even in two states and he's below 50% in 41 states Oh my god compared to last month's poll Bush is approval number drop five points or more in ten states the single largest drop was in Minnesota Where he fell over a 1210 points Bush also fell nine points in New Mexico Of course everybody posted Texas their right there on E.A. so they know they can smell it there You understand what he said now get into a Gainesville. Why is it there so much crap in Florida? They should stop comp the sun trying to say in college just the the crap whole state the little of the volume Florida a controversial museum exhibit of human corpses preserved and scripted their skin to reveal Muscles organs and even blood vessels opens today in Gainesville despite the state and a tonical boards refusal will prove it the exhibit from voters from order said Yesterday That is Premier exhibitions of Atlanta are used at the board which oversees the use of cadavers a Florida medical schools has no jurisdiction over the Tampa Museum Well, what does it say Gainesville? I mean, that's where the abort is you think okay in Tampa there's your one Stiffson Tampa They just can't make up to mind what they want to be those mugwums over there. You know they got your mom's weeness and all them script clubs And they even have a bunch of crystals and stake in shake but then on the other hand to get all the mugwums All those right when fundamentals to our all pissed off about the devil raise We will fight for the right to present this exhibition. I will fight for the right of the people of Florida to see this exhibition said Arne Geller Premier and president and CEO if that requires a core battle so be it. He said bring it on just like your president said three months At the heart of the controversy over bodies the exhibition is the question of authorization to display the bodies They flored anatomical board members who voted for to two against the exhibit plan for Tampa's museum of science and industry said They were uncomfortable at ease that he is the the sister of their families granted formal permission for them to be used in a museum The corpses belong to Chinese people who's bodies went on claimed or unidentified before being turned over to a medical school in China Company attorney Brian Wanger said hello wanker said letter to the board say that the bodies were obtained legally and handled properly Well, how do you handle a dead body properly? I guess you have to ask quasi-modal generally they lend medical university which handled the body certified that all that of natural causes and none were prisoners Lin Ronald Chairman the end of the board said you didn't know how the board decision would be enforced He suggested it would fall to return a general Charlie Chris to Farley who last week He said an opinion giving me board jurisdiction to regulate the show Chris spokeswoman Joanne Karen said do Farley except to the board to seek enforcement to the courts or the museum to seek permission to the courts The board could see the court injunction. Oh, who cares? Let him go see the stiffs in Tampa for crying out loud at least if we give him some to do right right get him off those tractor pulls on all the crap Okay, what's the all time who is the all time? I'll be as female celebrity movies read TV radio, et cetera Sandra Burna her Chris there aren't that many Radio people you know and most of the people on radio like Shirley Peters and Debbie Ellis most of the people Never seen him anyway, so what do they know right right that a lot 226 Sandra burn heart 85 the not gonna catch her ass rosio Donald 48 rosian bar look how many rosies got Barbara stress and 17 they obviously haven't seen that picture yet image in coconut well See the crucius see the zooming of the list He is tied with Oprah eight ever seen together No same bitch be Arthur six 20 fields five Betty Davis five Tenmy favorite two and filesteller has got the big oh so far Hello, I'm Saul and I'm Harry here to tell you about our special place Okay I know Wait Fuck off And so he said, she been missing only, no! Split rock and teslo! Oh, we let's go flocking in your poker nos We'll have some lives and then we'll see our show With Tony on land though In the poker nos Get a much-shape town You're called a champagne, shit Try to pull in that like a show Let's get the chicks who can be in a girl Over by the exercise club I'm truly over in the poker nos Kite hot and bucket Can roll back in bush kills My belly and shunny Don't forget to make it right now Split rock and teslo! Oh, we let go flocking in the poker nos The ass online, chin-deggle-sear show With Tony on land though And the poker nos Let's go, if we get cheatsy I know I got my cheatsy in the little bag with the water and everything And the F&M, oh, you vey! So anyway, Tony Orlando became a boarding-in-Christian long time ago We know that and that's one of the reasons Be said the fact he couldn't sing his way to a paper sack That we hit him like poison Taiy, yellow ribbon around his neck I think it's a good idea And then the hang-in from an old oak tree Think good idea? Okay, let's go, let's give it a shot Here's a facts from Mark All chronic Mark who raised you like poison Yep Your good buddy Mike Mayo Mark says Road to piece about late tub last month I'd send it by a fast but since it's three pages long and my piss off George Hey, any facts that you send pisses off George Mark He hates you He likes Nick Bonakani better than you And this guy's name is close to that Here's a shortened link and he sends me the link Tinyurl.com I would like what do I need to see that? I Also, maybe I will check it out during the break In fact, maybe if it's three pages long, I'll read it Ooh, buddy Maybe we'll have them lined up all the way to Daniel Beach What do you say? Let's get late tub really cranky Baby, you got the best burgers in America According to the National Examiner and according to a Michael Holda Mayo Also, I've been out of town awhile since Mark so perhaps you've heard this No, I haven't heard it and I couldn't care less Mark But freaking Ron and Fizz are going to be on XM now The same channel is OP and Anthony Well, good for them Please Neo, far that effing lure agent used to supposedly have a get somebody confident But what I want to do that? But what I want to get somebody confident Somebody who's not like a wannabe like Norma If Ron and Fizz can be on XM, you should own the place Well, I'm smart and that's true This is the greatest show in history mankind But you know what? Uh, nobody wants to hear it Just our crowd thank God for our crowd Got a big crowd out there I'm gonna do some stupid S4 show talking about All the time and a crap and Ricky and Ricky and Ricky and Ricky and Yeah, crap How about those panthers? Oh Did I mention that rumor crawled the other day? Yes, I did and that he hates the panthers like poison Which is they would lose airbie game Yeah, Martin's bird Have you been part of it? Yes, he did. I know I did It was a rhetorical question, let's see what's this? You have to stop talking about late tub before they get mad at you Oh, I sure wouldn't want anybody mad at me I might cut off your supply When that article came out in GQ, they stopped selling the burgers Even placing a sign-outside saying no more cheeseburgers The heroin and editorial by freight grim Which I was gonna pay to the boy everybody's right about late tub And only because the examiner had it, see? It's just by I never buy the national examiner But there was something on a front page Well, I got the real story about who killed the John Bane and about Bob Barker's a new sex Accuses named their price and Marilyn Monroe sex secrets in her own words and barber balloons up like oh, there's the barber story And there is where's that picture? Ryan Follett Oh, excuse me, I'm busy now. Well, he sure looks good now. What was that movie he was in? 54 54 what? How studio 54 for the movie? He was called 54 and also the way of the gun All right, he actually packed on 25 pounds of lean muscle for the movie way of the gun in 2000 You know how old he is Ryan Follett? Bob Follett man, that's the answer. Okay anyway getting back to this. Will you stop at a Ryan Follett stuff? Sorry. The heroin editor of my freight grim, which I was gonna pay to this fast, but it was pretty over a month ago And to retrieve it, I need to pay to search the archives. Well, we sure wouldn't want to have you do that Right, right and why should they why should they have to pay to search some stupid ass tapers archives? Should not. Well, what if what does it cause them? I mean, you can check our news archives. They tell me what you can look at anything in one of our Marginal website. So what we just tell me about Eric is supposed to ask Friday. Yeah, he thinks it might be I don't know cause one sir and over the line not kosher ass ass is over the line. I don't know bear ass I'm embarrassed by that. I'll tell you that. Oh, okay. Let's just just forget about it I thought it was a really nifty idea and a little bit of fun. But I know Eric you know I'm just impossible. Yeah, you're right. That'll teach you that that's paid back for that crappy pull on us a few years ago Remember that? Yeah, but you and Kai hope you are a little bit kind of Lisa, huh? But basically the article was about how a one page ad in GQ would end up email me about it. Eric just forget about it. Okay, obviously You don't want to do it. It's a little bit too much work for it. Just forget about it One page ad will cause 75 grand the storage EQ is basically where 10 times that and the guys basically were pissed off They were getting all this free publicity. I like that Fred Graham it says his words admitted to blast for me considering I'm getting a gaggle over here Must be seven the year poison gas Considering that shameless self-promotion has become the new religion We don't want any more publicity. I'm think of a restaurant tourists with March naked down Hollywood Boulevard to garna what late tough This business is a damn nuisance, but John the bartender with the expression of a battle where he sold your shakes It said we don't want any more stories no more people. Oh, thank you no more newspaper stories No waiting for anything about on the year and the new Rogers Sorry, I don't apologize guys and how would I have any way to know in that? I don't ordinarily weed Michael hold the mail and I certainly don't read Fred is a mighty grim He ain't no Bob Grimm, so how do I know that you didn't keep me posted on that? I'm out of touch. Sorry So I apologize to the guys that they tell but like I said the food there is crap and no co- there That's you make them feel better, right? It's a horrible place and the nobody wants to go there and it's just even that out right? That it's a dank dark and dank and they got like a big smelly bathtub How many QAM hello? Hey, yeah, hey, no one pretty good. Hey, George. Did you ever get the scotch number for you? Yeah, yeah, we're good. Wow, okay. When you get this on I don't know Give it to all men Yeah, you're doing great job feeling for George. Yeah, okay, great What are your people? Yeah, really funny. How many QAM hello? Hi, yeah, yes Sounds like you're friend another one years. Do any QAM hello? Thank you, Neil. Please don't talk about that. Thanks so much. It's so good. I don't want any but it and all about it. Okay, okay A woman faces two council kidnapping in Martin's burgwest Virginia after allegedly paying two boys for a long job with a fake $50 bill And then holding them hostage when they caught on Tracy Lynn Clinton 39 remade in the eastern regional jail yesterday Or she's been held on $12,000 bail since her arrest on Monday police say she has no no no address Well, who's long? I say I guess it wasn't a long Martin's burg patrolman EC Neely said Wednesday. Hey, yeah, I speak in a nearly house can't nearly do it Too far we said Wednesday the victims were too slightly built boys ages 12 and 13 New told investigators that were terrorized by Clinton that's Tracy Lynn Clinton that day other Clinton She allegedly screamed at him threatened physical violence and exhibited bizarre behavior that included Publicly urinating on offense Okay, that is a little bit bizarre sure the boys told police they'd been cutting lawns around Martin's bird when they saw Clinton sitting on a porch She offered to pay $30 She said you needed change or what turned out to be a fake $50 bill the boys did the job at question the currency Clinton allegedly talked them into going with her to another location Then made them wait for more than an hour and threatened to harm them if they tried to leave Neely said Clinton punts one child in the back when he finally ran away, but neither were was seriously injured If convicted Clinton could be a life in prison on the kidnapping charges and as much as a year in prison on the counterfeit bill charge She also faces two kinds of finger-pure and court for unrelated instance in other words. He's got a little problem Yeah, probably crazy person Thank God she's not a drug dealer Oh, here's one put a poll down here be a clue Randy Freakett Rhodes says yeah freaking Randy She's uh, it's not a pretty sight Here's one from Mike it says that was not politically correct to say you know that the neocons are indifferent to the 18-year-old plus dead in Iraq That is true to them the number of dead I see oh and don't forget their slogan choose life Got a promote of culture line to then the number of dead in context to the other major wars is nothing It's a drop in a bucket so just they probably think they're doing great Please use a couple of minutes or a segment to give us idiots the condensed lamin's terms version of the whole is really versus Palustinian thing why the eviction oh Geez Oh, it's an action that's more Georgian and won't maybe hold over yet. You do it. Yeah, you do it Yeah, you know you got that nice very concise article on there the Gaza reality check that you post it on the website right And I don't want to talk about it Sweet no, I don't want to try it. Oh, okay The Arabs in the Jews hate each other like poison. Okay, that's it That's what you need to know the Jews hate the Arabs and the Arabs hate the Jews that that's all you need to know And the Israelis and the Palestinians could get along just fine except for the fact that there's a slice of both populations that are Crazy fanatical religion is so key in both populations There are crazy fanatics and of course when you do know with crazy fundamentalist fanatics Let's get back to the O'Conns Mike anyway Susan surrender needs to be on list. She's average at best But we're not talking about average See I understand that don't you like Yeah, yeah, I do or maybe joy still win who's joy still win from three's company the other one I don't want to raise company. He's still dead by the way hey John Ritter you fairie was not me show Yes, it was in spite of the intolerance you can please play tie Tommy now See here's a guy that wants to know about the Israelis and the Arabs what they hate each other. Oh, I'm Tommy from Taitami saying for the best high food and that's other As long as you'll not black comment down to Taitami on Southeast We know like black people Don't ship well decide why black people are three Taitu anyway We know have fried chicken on the menu all the way I forget we have a spare ribs You change I call how to sell with our menu hey, Kaita but oh So if you love black comment down to Taitami Come to think of it. So Sam gave people we know like damn either shoot a chip food But they talk too loud with funny lists they stop other customers no comeback So no game no black and why we added laddon people You make reservation for 17 don't show up at 820 and explain you table We give you somewhere else already laddon people always lane no black no game no ladder Entry Tommy and Jewish people you stop figuring all of you who can't who have what tell me the angle That are upside take 45 minutes to time to divide up bill We know what you hear no Jew no black go back no human and white people you think you better that everybody else Complaint too much if we don't teach your ass You know come back no white no black no joke not Latino so game everybody else for the best high food Come on down to Taitami on the beast hurry before we have to close This is new guesties out there all your religions that will keep your own furry tails to yourself that are always trying to impose on everybody else and pointing at the finger There's not gonna be any error living my house You know all crazy people yeah, they're all part of it. They're all part of it. They're the cause of it just like You know these people like continue to support the most corrupt institution on the face of the globe being the Catholic Church of course without any doubt Make the bush family look like a bunch of sunny school preachers. I'm sorry In Ramadi more bad news from Iraq. I think like that. It just doesn't stop and You notice how the media gives is a dictating your free pass. Oh the insurgency is in its death roads and everything is coming up roses Then we even play in the song in a background steaming 80 we're singing everything's coming up roses How do you like them apples in Ramadi West of Baghdad gunman opened fire with assault rifles and rocket for Protodranades at a mosque where the governor of the province was meeting senior Sunni Muslim clerics wouldn't as it said I didn't let their work casually. We know how many yeah, but there's a bunch of North of Baghdad four more US troops were killed today by roadside bomb Raising the US debt told him more than 1860 since the war in Iraq began Insurgents appeared to have developed more powerful bombs. These are the same insurgents that there was just all fallen apart It was all that's right kind of Lisa was lying about that course. That's her speciality like that thing with a mushroom cloud You're a liar you bitch you slut you stink you fairy in Surgeons and Superman and like they're gonna put this show on X-Amen on serious get serious See they don't mind some of a guy and are talking about body parts about the you know Sexual so that's fine, but they don't want anybody under tone the truth They want just fun and games is what they want so norma can't it wouldn't all the kings horses and all the kings men are gonna Give me shows indicated including Greg Reed. Oh, yeah, we're working fever. So how come I'm not a mistake in Vegas Greg? Huh you phony you liar you do fairy Insurgents appeared to have developed more powerful bombs capable of piercing newly armored US vehicles How they like that the same insurgents like I just said moments ago or like oh, they're just about done They're finished. They don't want to wait. See how that's put there. They have to go get new bombs Yeah, we're recruiting for them. We got our own we're not doing good recruiting military at home because people don't want to be human sacrifice Instead of it to be killed of it, but at the same time We're doing a great job recruiting for Osama and every other terrorist lunatic organization in the world How we do with Osama got him yet? How about the allies are Cowley and All of normal mobile Omar now we don't got anybody oh, yeah, here's the winner of the poll Yeah, what big goldburg it says she is so I've made any of your lies or species That's an excellent way to scrubbing alien at bitch holy cow What big goldburg? I asked you I've told you this before. I cannot physically look at her She's just disgusting about spiritually can you spiritually look at her spiritually if she's lovely We're gonna make 700 host a Josh court has told me during the break that we're gonna make 700 hosts before to show ends at two o'clock Or we're just all taking a whole rest of the month off. Yeah, but I like that right? I like it a lot We're not gonna put up with any more of this crap. This is a very simple poll I mean everybody's got to put you on ugly since most of us are ugly anyway See when you're fat and ugly then it's fun saying other people are fat and ugly because then you feel better about yourself And especially when I look up and down this list Oh man, wow see there crews is zooming up to this nice going see yeah Is my doing it line nine is real. That's very interesting. WQA. I'm hello Yeah, okay. There you are Can't lie vigils calling for an end of the war in your right cut under way wins in national you know that was that was the stugots doing a voice Stugots for them and they got sit no Don't feel bad men is a lot of the stations out there with fractions with oh Oh your 18 to 34 demographic by the way I really is doing a big number. It's not the one that had a minus in front of it. Was that the one candle light vigils calling for an end of the war in a Racket under way wins in national efforts for by one other's anti-war demonstration your president pushes ranch The vigils were urged by our close personal friend Cindy she in was that she hand Maybe that's the rhymes with like bill freehand used to be the catcher for the Tigers Remember bill freehand Josh course not now It's become the icon of the anti-war movement since you started a protest August 6th and memory for some case You died in a Rack last year She and says she'll camp outside bushes ranch until his month-long vacation ends or he meets with her and other grieving families Don't hold your breath Cindy Videos were playing from coast to coast yesterday according to organizers liberal advocacy groups move on that org political action Trim majority in democracy for America a large vigil was also said that Paris's peace wall a Glass-mine man near the I felt how it says peace and 32 languages Shalom as the sunset and Crawford about a hundred protesters with candles and place them in plastic cups The shield them from the breeze they gaff it around a wooden flag grape coffin I'm maybe they can put that on display in that's ampute that museum and Concord knew hamster that's conquered as opposed to Concord Michigan Got it got it and Concord knew hamster about 150 people stood shorted short yesterday outside the statehouse hold in candles and sign supporting she in Karen Brass 50 brought a pink votive cup. What is that? What's a votive cup? Decorative I see shaped like flower petals and a sign that reads moms for peace My son is 26 it could have been ham she said for voice break So better case you don't have things you said that but that's probably what you was thinking you know In other words people always feel bad about somebody else's drives you to be but in the back of their mind to think well better You then me right I mean, you know, it's not nice to say that but it's true Exactly right it's like when you go to a wood vine and there people are pretending oh come on get a big one You get a spin and they're hoping you get like 20 and it you leave the machine and then go and grab off all of your cash because they think it's a good machine Mine yeah, let's pretend to be rooting for it. I mean, they're all faultiers. They want to come in and throw in three bucks and get like You know 16,000 somebody wouldn't big that really fries there. Yeah, Limbaugh's lawyer speaking of big win ruling the fight questioning of doctors He is not all good news Palm Beach County prosecutors wanted to ask one of our slim balls doctors Tuesday morning about the radio host Prescription drug use for limbaugh's attorneys won a last minute court hearing that could jeopardize the future Investigation a Palm Beach County judge ruled to didn't unless you talk about this yesterday Do you talk about this yesterday? I don't know I wasted anybody's time repeating me saying crap you put on a Palm Beach County judge ruled to dinner prosecutor's couldn't question any of limbaugh's doctors But on first notifying them while that would give Limbaugh's lawyers a chance to find peace of peanut It should be questioned the doctor and raise privacy concerns before a judge Limbaugh 54 a Palm Beach rent parental has not been charged with any crimes is been under investigation for suspected doctor shopping but I mean but I believe the Palm Beach County state attorneys office folks And Michael Edmondson would not come out on the development a spokesman for limbaugh's attorney where blacks said black would not comment So it's quite a story nobody nobody's saying nothing 300 and two votes were almost halfway to our 700 We don't get 700 you're gonna see you're gonna see some real action action baby as they say Jackson harness race way House parents a. I'm doing and why do you answer for? Who's the all-time ugliest female celebrity radio TV or movies Sarah burn heart 103 rosio Dom. 58 rosian bar 33 senior cruise 28 serious guy rocket into fourth place Barbara stri-sand 24 Tammy Faye Baker 13 imaging coca 13 Oprah's got nine the Arthur six full of dollar five 20 fields five How's total he doing? Vinnie Davis five what the goldberg has got a pair and look who else has got a pair Godness that was figuratively speaking of course. Oh actually Randy you can look like a guy No comment. No. I mean is that bad to say that she looks like a guy Here's a fact that says with regards to the story about the lady who paid the kids with a fake $50 bill Well you care to explain how a woman is able to pee on a fence just wondering I don't see why not maybe she was like How for none it? Over it yeah, maybe she had squatters rights. Maybe she was squatting on it. I don't know Jesus that's the most important thing you got to worry about I have no idea what is it got a good point. I did wonder that is I read it, you know, maybe like on an angle five six seven oh five 60 Town five 60 leave arrives and sing it a while. Let's talk about late Tom for four hours today and get them all lined up over there I tried to find that Mike may or story online or if I couldn't find it too far back I guess and then also I guess city link also had something in there because I did a little Google on late tub and City like must have also given them a lot. I can't help it that they don't want any more business all right If you got a good product like when it does branch out a little bit right right people want it if it's good They want it How dare you have something so good like try to withhold it from the public out there and well They must have zillions of people lined up We do need to find out do they really do they stop selling the seas burgers? Maybe somebody from there who's close to them Now somebody will not call that somebody will either know or they'll just make it up and we'll pass it along I ain't how about that cat that Harris I heard she needs there. Where in the plane 12 minutes past 11 at five 60 W Q a a and one was the last time you really indulged yourself We should go months ago even longer Alabama prison sir to want you to indulge yourself every night with sort of perfect night mattress line Right now when you call 1 800 mattress you can save up to 900 bucks off the dialometrist factory direct prices The perfect night feature sir does highest coil counts finest quilting and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort The sir to sell us for a limited time. You're gonna save on all sizes and comfort levels boss applies last dial 1 800 mattress and get yourself delivery within any tour window that you choose when it's convenient for you when your ass is Gonna be home chances are they have the mattress you want in the size and comfort level. You're looking for ready for same day delivery Donald mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction I've been using them for years as has George and Mo and Miguel and even anxious fat boy We're all satisfied customers and I guarantee you'll be too just make them one easy call Don't put it off another day at the old mattress is lumpy and worn out call 1 800 Metra's right now or log on to mattress.com call today be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight call right now. It's a toll free call 1 800 m a T T R E S Leave off the last S because it stands for still penned this saving This is real This is 5 60 2 2 call this big market radio No I turn the knob on my radio I heard a crappy song by jay low must be pale A pay-take pay fail If they put it on the air even though it sucks cuts So many paid them a thousand bucks of day old I pay pay pay pay Oh Pay pay pay Oh Pay Stay away from Johnny and JLo's fame Someone's getting lots of free-winged claims The payday's fame make the record number one They get a last stop better Play station around that door It's most musical guy But I'm not surprised That's the record guy she was playing Oh 18 to five six you don't have to go in National examiner boys good that I got these tabloids you know I got some really good craft you gotta remind me I got out of the habit of doing that right don't forget to have more Baby it's in the tabloids it's in there like late tub Maryland sex secrets in our own words secret audio tips release 43 years after Maryland Rose Death reveal sensational details of her sex life and her relationships with some of Hollywood's biggest stars all in her own words The screen legend makes a series of scandalous confession such as how Joan Crawford turned on her after they had a lesbian fling and Maryland refused an on-core performance I mean was there any doubt you just you knew by those shoulder pads about your own right Shockingly the sum-luck-and-hots star also revealed she faked orgasms with all her Hollywood lovers until a side-catch was taught her how to climb acts The previously unknown I can we say climb-acted you went up by death Potter how to hit the club of context the previously unknown Maryland secrets are revealed in transcripts of tape recording She made for her psychiatrist Dr Ralph Greensson which have recently been on earth the tapes recorded just a month before the blonde bomb She'll's death august 562 before a murder. He had no indication that she was suicide Let's took her own life as famous LA corner doctor Thomas the Gucci concluded well he's full of it and the tapes Maryland says in these famous characters Joan Crawford we went to Jones bedroom Crawford at a gigantic orgasm and she clicked like a maniac next time I saw her she not another round. I told her I didn't much enjoy doing it with a woman after I turned it down She became spiteful and said some mean things about me. She wanted it Clark cable and the kissing scenes I kissed him with real affection I didn't want to go to bed with him, but I wanted him know how much I liked and appreciated him when I came back from a day off the set He padded my ass and told me if I didn't behave myself He give me a good spanking. I worked him in the eye and said don't tempt me He burst out laughing so hard. He was tearing. It was different when I got to know him Then I wanted him to be my father. I wouldn't care if he spent me as long as he wanted is as he I made up for it by hugging me and telling me I was dead. He's a little girl and he got me of course That's a fantasy Frank Sinatra what a wonderful friend. He is to me. I love Frank and he loves me says Maryland It is it is not the merrient kind love. It's better because marriage can't destroy it How well I know marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men Joe to Matthew How come he was not our that's right. It wasn't a radio or TV or movies right boy you talk about ugly She always he went everybody she married But yeah was just gruesome or huh Joe D loves Maryland. We're always will I love him and always will but Joe couldn't stay married to Maryland or the famous movie star She said Joe has an image in Subred it's his stubborn tag in head of a traditional tag in wife She had to be faithful to what he tells her to vote all herself to him Dr. You know that's not me says Maryland and Arthur Miller talk about ugly It's different with Arthur Mary and him was my mistake not his he couldn't give me the attention warmth of affection I need it's not in his nature Arthur never credited me with much intelligence he couldn't sure his intellectual life with me as vet partners We were so so he wasn't that much interested You know, I think his little Jewish father had more genuine affection for me than Arthur did and on the subject of sex She says I would win overwhelmingly if the academy gave an Oscar for faking orgasms I've done some of my best acting convincing my partners. I was my throws of ecstasy after a spitting that therapy has helped her reach climax She said bless you Dr. I never cried so hard as I did after my first orgasm All right, like that well and there's some old guys out there thinking yeah, I know how you feel Maryland I never so cried the cry so hard this after my last Orgas That's terrible by the way the old word is definitely out. Have you pardon? You keep using that old word It's in a new story. Oh What do you mean that word is out? You're full of crap. Yes. I am orgasm is out my ass Now, you know something we've been playing you own apology To the ramsies of sorry Yeah, you own apology because you've been playing at bid I'm sorry I'm great Oh So the examiner has a world exclusive so they say a question The samboids always have a world exclusive did I say about late tubby and honey would know what about it? This man murdered John Benein. There's a picture of Michael Hellgoth, but it's a high school photo Oven and strange looking The twisted sicko who experts believe murder tiny beauty queen John Benein ramsie will ever be brought to justice because he killed himself See the one thing about this is that patty and the John whatever his name ramsie. I still hate him. Yeah, but I can't stand them How they did to it by just they gave me school keys. I can't handle looking at him. A lengthy investigation is discovered Compulling to evidence and the examiner can now name the killer. How do you like that? Oh my god He is Michael Hellgoth a tattoo 26 year old salvage yard operator. I've said with young girls guns in violence What a combination sounds like the dooks in hazard and Top private investigators all the great and David Williams who worked the unsolved zombie name murder also believe hellgoth had in the compass Who is still lurking out there? He's out there Just like full of spawning. He's out there somewhere 60 year old jombony was found beaten straggled and molested in the basement of repair. Well, we know that I ironically held Gotha apparently shot himself to death on Valentine's Day 97 The day after Boulder's District Attorney Alex Hunter reason to public statement designed to shake up dromodase killer and flush him out into the open I want to say something to the person or persons who took this baby from us the list of suspects and narrows And are said sooner or be no one on list, but you message was put together by FBI experts specifically to put pressure on a killer Making the sweat and hopefully trim self in well-set training himself in he did himself in or maybe just did himself items that held Goths suicide scene also point to him as the killer say sources police fought a pair of high-tech boots and an airtainers thumb gun in the house And it goes on about how he had the weird stuff He was fixated with young girls Barbie dolls guns and killing and routinely shot to the stray animals He decorated his body with grizzly tattoos one of the grim reaper with the word next and another blood dripping skull That sounds like you're a son of a man, you know He can not know that says so anyway there's that he also postedly he just is along so they go on by the exam And even we all about the late hubs in Hollywood I'm probably would be somewhat a great fantastic cheeseburger. We ever get any verification of they still are they still serving them making them sell them? No word. Yeah, why not? All these people that are fashionists about late hub let's get an update. Okay. Let's find out We don't want to send people all the way over to the A1A in Hollywood I would have by by your Johnson Street and then have a fine Oh, well, we're not making those anymore because we just got overwhelmed and we're just sick and tired of it Wouldn't that be bad that would be a like I said go burn find out for yourself then let us know 26 past 11 and find 60 WM what's that schedule like today? Well, we got the moment To the Man before we got Marlins on deck at the 60 net. I saw the books surrounding SPM last night voice out of pretty boring Sandy ego in Florida 705 followed by the Ed Camplin show I noticed that very jack guys took a little shot there by way of Jack McKin and Camplin You see that in the hardest morning Josh? I did not what he said about about the McKean having guys butt runners over in the first inning and McKean I don't tell him to bump into that on the wrong stop me, okay? So cut the crap Eddie That my junior honey Okay You You You You I noticed this the right way of season is Raj. Hey Matt you fair too Marston is you know the Schmer and Schmer the queer thing. Yeah, that's what they're doing and it's not gonna work because I do Doing is preaching the same right right wing a lunatic nutjob's okay, and so I'm like you must find you fair meeting fairies My touch the nice the nice allegations he struck a woman in Italy Blatt had you for iron Mike he sure got problems. You know multi-problem We're gonna make our 700 votes stay on the pool. That would sure make me feel good about life 360 2 what do you say we're gonna get it while well over 400 by noon, right? Right and then we got a shot is what I'm thinking In fact, a lot of you vote several times Right and what's speaking up polls what was the end result did we ever get it about that poll on Jimmy syphilis and Joe Rose on the Sun Sentinel. I guess we'll have to wait till tomorrow morning Right right and see if a Jim Sarny Graces us would have results of that poll or just like pretend like he always is all at they just went away disappear I don't know I don't know what Paul and that's cuz this is a guy who's supposed to be a calmness Who does have any opinions of his own he has no opinion? Anyway, get him back to iron Mike your favorite Mike Tyson is denying charges that he grabbed a woman off an attacking dance floor Drag her to where he's got and pummeled her when she refused to indulge in sex and drugs Police questioned Tyson after he returned to his yacht summer wind after he just spent the night at a disco on the Italian island of panorilla Oh, and you go to panorilla. We are eating the food there gives you diarrhea Just off the coast of Sicily, Sicily and the Mediterranean the former overweight champion cooperated with officers He was more than happy to talk to police and invited the officers on board Saying he was a good boy and not a killer and attacking police officers told the scussman newspaper. He's a good boy Now if you call him a good boy, he'd like a Right-door off have an issue or something a magistrate is considering whether to bring charges Florence Batoli 33 a Camerunian who lives in East France a Camerunian Totalist that she was dancing with friends at the billionaire nightclub in Sarginia, Augustist when Tyson led her They grabbed her Paris. Health was in nearby table minus your fiance, but Tyson apparently didn't recognize her when she weighed They lost stuff on newspaper reported. I prefer Lakquadia to Della Santa myself Do you know that a bunch of mobsters and Vatican people? I bought that newspaper years ago And so they could brainwash the public with the right wing crap I mean that was before the coronavirus here. I caught a Della Santa Okay, said I just like see him it But Polio led Tyson 39 brought out of the hundred-four yacht and punched her when she refused to do drugs and have sex with him Tyson kept shouting at me until his bodyguard told him to calm down and stop because he was going over the top Which I think is probably what had in mind She said a bodyguard may have had maybe he was gonna pee on the fence She said a bodyguard helps smuggle her off the yacht in a dinghy and she came in out. Can we say that? I'll go to the board of the east and she went to the emergency room at old be a hospital in Porto, Sarvor, Sardinia The incident was not made public until Sarginian paper broke the news over the weekend The license lawyers license lawyers can be reached as manager didn't return for so four iron like man just so misunderstood He does for black folks what these pharbissara young punk right wing what they're doing for Jews When you sense a good parallel? No, I think Mike's well that do it a much better job Well, you may not think the release he's consistent Let's hear it for iron Mike at least the subtler has had an eating anyone that we know of not yet Although he did give a little peodon kill some more innocent Palestinians yesterday just you know just as they are Russia's long winner will be will just fly by what you're gonna like this story a lot Okay rush is long winner will just fly by for a herd of Russian cows which a newspaper reported this week We'll be fed confiscated marijuana over the cold months drug workers said they adopted the unusual form of animal husband react And they were forced to destroy the sunflowers and maize crops that the 40 tons of marijuana had been planted among Is vestia daily reports? There are simply no other way out. You see the fields are planted with feed crops and if we remove remove it the causal I've nothing to eat They fed or drug control service spokeswoman for the year-olds region of Spurgolsk Redulks whatever it is told the paper. I don't know over the milk will be like after this Right use in Russia took off of the client of the Soviet Union police have been fighting drug smugglers often shipping heroin from Afghanistan I poppy for years such large hells are relatively common all over their normally Runs not this I'm gonna be in the house So yeah, all right, you're gonna be so off your hands. How you like this for beauty? We like to clock record first keep in mind that they got all the nuke so laying around somewhere Speak out of that and our me intelligence officers said I said yesterday 12 members from the 911 Commission That a secret military unit identified two of the three cells involved in the 2001 terrorist rights more than a year before the attacks Lieutenant Colonel Anthony Schaffer who said he was associated with the Abel Danger Unit said that during a 2003 meeting in Afghanistan He mentioned that the unit identified 911 ringleader Mohammed Ata along with three other hijackers this terrorist suspects This is all more on the story that we had Tuesday the commission is denied that I've had his name or the name of any future hijackers I mentioned during the meeting three months later in January 2004, Shafer city was back in the USA and offered to follow up with the commission But as often as a client I just walked away shocked that they would kind of change their mind But I figured someone with equal or better knowledge probably came and talked to them So they must have taken care of a chief for said he said he was told the commission obtained only two briefcase sides loads of documents From at least 15 plus boxes of information on Abel Danger Lieutenant Colonel Chris Conway a Pentagon spokesman said yesterday And investigation to Abel Danger was underway and Course most people will know able danger from Sid Abel Am I right? Who absolutely? Absolutely by the way, don't forget more Howard David's first-year-old hockey show to this afternoon Preview the Panthers up coming season is nobody's gonna be doing something like that And that guilty was really surveyed that bitch this morning. What was that all about now? He's just like hot and cold. He runs hot and cold at least moh Oh, he's always cold, you know he's always hostile and thin skin and now is at least he's consistent I'll give him points for that nice going moh Do it, do it, do it, do it. Oh, a guilty. It's like one day. He's like your best buddy and he's sucking up and he's doing over crying and then the next day I hear my staff. I guess Boy just squeak your way to success, y'all. The okay. You can do right me to thank for your rest not getting fired when they blew out the first team Okay, you heard it here for the 400 time They were gonna blow you out of that building like you you wouldn't know what hit you I said that I see you guys got a squeaky voice, but he's got a wife and kid. Yeah, see that's me on the air a real bastard But you know under the skin a real old softy, you know, so that's it true. It's true I don't know why why I'm so I'm so happy. You know 300 anyone votes. We got to get to well over 400 by noon. We got some real tourists baby sour just But The Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord, the Lord's Lord, the Lord, the I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. That's a quiet neighborhood. I don't know where I go. You're always in the bathroom. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I'm 47, 15, and we're the Doy my stream self will be along with a doily on a sit. I guess you're not what's having in Gaza strip when you say. Sure, that's appropriate. Good news is they finally got an offer that. We've seen an offer that was extremely slow. Let me just say this is if there was any doubt. Brainwashing really works. Sure. Just take a look at those crazy kids. They're brainwashing. They're like flailing and they're wailing in the crazy guys with the boxes on their head. And the shmoth is a brainwashing really works. See, a brainwashing didn't work. There wouldn't be any religion. And we wouldn't have all these people. People's killing each other. Speaking of killing, see, I guess that must be out out of touch really. Because like all this business about the BTK killer, I still thought that the BTK is going to do a sandwich at a fast food joint. That's right. Do you know anything about that? Did you ever hear that the BTK killer before all this media hype started? Once before. I never heard of it. I don't even know who he is or what it's all about or where it happened. I don't care. There he is. I mean, that's what the media keeps saying. Oh yeah, you better care because they just had the trial and he just got, I don't care. Here's a couple more for the list. Bob and four laurels who just can't be baits. And I thought of another good one that we could never leave off our list. Somebody who said more face jobs and Carter's got pills. Yeah, doing rivers. Oh yeah. Man, talk about you, man. She's the poster child for you, wither without the face so lift. Man, jolly. So I did little research there online. Thank God for the internet. Thank you, Al Gore. And I looked up by the Google search on late tub. I know they don't want to publicity. I'm definitely not recommending you go there. Right. No. Good North Ocean Drive and Hollywood, average price 20 bucks. Special features outdoor a seating. And then it's got some reviews from TripAdvisor. This is TripAdvisor is the website. Got it. Got it. And Tempico Mexico says burgers met expectations, huge and juicy grill and profession. Chili was also great. Let's see. This is how a burger should be. Somebody from Voka, this place is overflowing with character. Those who don't get it don't belong. The burger was incredible. Oh, great. I like that. Here's some member from Fort Loderdels. I've been going to this place for years. Love the food, the view, the atmosphere. Somebody in my mind is having a sea of ice. In fact, I pretty that one out. Oh, no. I think I got a spider bite. Oh, that's a big net. Having seen the rating of late tub as the best hamburger is in the area. We decided to go there with friends as somebody in my. The place looks funky but nice. And then the horror show started. We waited 15 minutes for our drinks. Then we were told it was shift chain. And our waitress could not take our order for dinner. We waited another 15 minutes until that we couldn't order till 7 p.m. 15 minutes later, we found it got away. Triss on the new shift and we're told that it would take from an hour to an hour and a half to get our order. When we complained we were told it was bad timing. We left them right down the street to Capone's flicker light where the food and service were great. How do you like that? All right. So see, there's a negative. Here's a member of North Miami. We two says try the seafood salad and seafood gumbo. It is delicious. We go to the tub out of regular braces. If I can't get the seafood salad, I don't want anything else. Try it. You'll like it. Here's somebody in four lot of deals. There's a cute place with an atmosphere that is very cool. Have a few drinks and watch sunset on the intercostal. But you're probably better off going elsewhere for food. Service can be downright horrible. So save your food money for more enjoyable dish. Although the burgers are good, it's 99% bar and 1% grill. So maybe they did this continue the burgers because maybe just got to be a pain in the grass. Maybe. Here's one in the Miami lake. Since I'm not a tourist, I live in South Florida. And they tell me what are the coolest places to enjoy a great meal and a margarita. How do you like that? And so little hold on the wall hidden away behind vegetation. The restaurant is located on the intercostal. So you have a beautiful view of the boats and the sun sets. Many of the tables are situated on the wooden walkway. Right on the water. So you can feed the fish from your table. Yeah. Do you understand that? Feed the fish from your table. No, it's just feed the fish. Oh. Sure. That's a tight. Sounds fishy to me. Late tub service. Basic good food. My favorites are the burgers. Chili, fish, and nutCHOS. Wonderful. He'll iron pie. The staff are just a cherry on the top of the dining spirit that laid tub. There's what that guy says. So I've dialed the pan. It's like everything else in life. It's timing. When you went there, how long you had to wait? Would they had anybody work out all of these? All of these things. W2A in. Hello. Hey. How are you doing? Good morning. Good. But. Belky's in the right. She's got his. She's got his. She is. Okay. Thank you. It's been a channel. I've watched that woman with a bit with a cat eyes. What's her cinnamon stover? Marilyn Litzel. Marilyn Mitchell. And also cinnamon stover. Although I do like your frozen peppers. Your hand those green peppers stuffed. Stuff peppers like jalapeno pepper. No. The big of a get out of here would like. Oh, bro. Stuff to green peppers. Stuff green peppers. Beef man. Sure. Yummy. Love to those. Stuff to cover. Oh, here may be the winner. Greta van Suster and oh yeah. And speak of that. How soon I forget. You know, I give you like a little audio as two Wells vlogs on there. She was on a lot of our pulls the other day. Pretty graphic stuff. This is the Dennis Raider. Basically naked, right? Hanging up the guy down. Yeah. You ought to be naked. That's a horrible thought. Just hanging upside down. Read it. Read it. You know, I'm going to send me see is they've reached the bottom. Good harass on her. She's grow test and Greta van Suster. Hey, bro. Think she's a hotty. But then he got hit and had so many times playing football. What does he know? He can't see well. I always saw. I guess he wasn't playing football when he got married. Because he saw pretty good there. But nevertheless, uh, Ellis Henakian in news day, right? Now even here all the stuff about the president about his reading material this summer. They've been trying to pass him off his like some kind of an intellectual like, uh, I'm a guy right. He's a guy. Huh? Yeah. Can you see that? No. Oh, yeah. They've had that surround regular number part of the propaganda that's seen and more just legally passes along. So Ellis Henakian writes Bush, a bookworm bush ticket with a grain of salt. Because one of the books he supposedly reading is salt. Come on. What is George Bush really reading this summer at the range? And don't say Middle East for dummies. Or where's Waldo? Those WMDs have to be here somewhere. Or duck for president abridged. The White House is trying to put an end to bush. Just like those, which is why Bush's people just put out that official presidential summer reading list. Three smart guy books supposedly being devoured by a man who almost never gets accused of excessive vocationists. Alexander II, the last rates are by Edvard Bridsinski. The Great Influenza, the epic story that led to his play in history by John M. Berry. And salt, a world history by Mark Kralanski. That's some presidential reading. There we say it downright, putting an esk. Obviously we're a long way from car and driver magazine. Quite a distance from those kinky freedman Texas mystery veg out. This is clearly not what is known in New York publishing circles as your typical Lones-Dar Ranch Read. Heck any one of those titles would rank as a highfalutin this august on Georgia, Gopan. And Bush is on cooldown and Crawford pouring through all three. So the White House told the LA Times, generating the big Bush reads scoop. These are the kinds of books that serious worldly business supposed to read. Heavy on history. Be speaking in intense intellectual curiosity and long. Definitely long at 480, 4446 and 484 pages. Okay not as long as the new Harry Potter Potter but pretty darn long, especially for President with the League 5 weeks vacation and a lot of brush to clear. But there is one question bubbling like a ten cent pot boiler in the Texas Dry Air. A question that a single slow news day has made impossible to ignore. Is George W. Bush actually reading any of these big brain busters? Or are they just sitting there? There is a difference is everywhere in American sixth grade or nose between the books on the summer reading list and the books that actually get read. And Bush is lucky here in one crucial way the American presidency is far more for giving than sixth grade. There are no pop quizzes for presidents and no tedious book reports. Just a official line how a spokesman passing out eye-popping book titles to the press. So for now at least we'll have to take the presidents people at their ward. Either that or turn to whatever it is available and speculate. Perhaps there's a reason to know whatever referred to George W. Bush as America's first book forum could the reason really be where we were never told what was stuck on his bedside table. Believe it if you want to. It's a grander political literary issue I'm focused on who exactly is Bush trying to kid. A man who still can't pronounce nuclear, a man who thinks this underestimate is an English verb. A man who wants to go about the sea students at Yale graduation declared encouragingly. You too can be president of the United States. This man wants America to believe he's reading a densely researched history of the travel reign of the ZAR, who ruled Russia from 1855 to 1881. Translated from the original Russian. Without a bunch of pictures to light in the literary load. Life is full of surprises, isn't it? Some people might say it's a sign of intellectual insecurity for present to align himself with such a pretty reading list. Ronald Reagan's people never did that. No literary errors for the great communicator. We suddenly need to pretend he was scouring heavyweight tombs. When asked about his reading habits, he mentioned Tom Tansy's The Humphorite October. And readers digest magazine. Now that's communicating. But of course it's always a mistake to accuse George W. Bush of being dumb. Whatever his real reading habits might say about him. People who say he's almost always regretted. This is a man after all who somehow managed to get himself elected president twice. Well at least once, and looking back how much did the Brainiac vote help carry in Gore. There has to be a book there. There's somewhere. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. This Dick Kenny. I like the relaxed by having Mary Magdalene, a massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers Welcome on our boo-boo. From the makers of Rockstar and Excess. And all you to girl is another unloyalial show. Looking to replace a deadly singer. Mark Bernant brings 15 of the best undiscovered talents from around the world to New York City to the opportunity of a lifetime. Bravo for them. Puff-darn Genesis. It's just remaining living members of the group for making it come back. Here's Genesis guitarist Mike Refford. It was your eye completely awful. Rock, money, die. I mean, I couldn't get over it. I'm not gay! What I heard the news all was on. Dead mistake. Right here to tell you about looking at. It was a crushing. Here's Genesis keyboard player told a bank. What was deeply controlled by the whole thing? I can't even remember the funeral. They were still funeral for my serial eyes. They were just all down here all drugged and alcoholing. I was so upset. What's wrong with you guys? I'm right here. I'm not gay. You're sure it's news to replace the Waste Grade Phil Collins. Waste Grade what? Rockstar Genesis from Barnabona. Why are you doing this to me? I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. No, you're not gay. We can have a show if you weren't gay. I'm a level. You're not gay. Stop on him. It's a 12 or two or five, 60 W.K. We're going to make 700 a day. I'm telling you. I can smell it. Hmm. Man, can I smell it? Are you sure you've smelled it? Frank says one of the greatest moments in news, maybe history was the night of the runaway bride turning up in New Mexico. I woke up in the middle of the night to see the breaking news that she was found alive. I breathe this sigh relief like everybody else. Oh, thank God. But watching Greta was making me sick because she was doing what our news maybe seems to be doing a lot lately. Pushing God down our throat is the savior of the runaway bride. The great moment was reported after an hour of constant God this and God that it came to a sudden halt when the truth was reported. So God must have saved all those people on the air France. So, playing it went off the runway here at Pierce near port. That must have been God doing it. But God don't like them Greeks. So when I had that little problem over there, they all like they ran out of air and they all like how to oxygen. God could easily like put a little hole in the side of the plane so that the air could get in. Well, they must have been Greek Orthodox. Oh, I don't know. He don't like them at all. He don't like them as smart as they were. Very bad dresses. Now, here's the fact that it says, oh, it's about late tub. What's that? Late tub could be eaten. They're not dumped. Oh, no. Well, this is good. They probably sent it themselves to discourage anybody from going there. They probably just overwhelmed. It says it sucks dirty hot, certainly no parking, nasty service of any. Just low average food at best. The last time I was there, I threatened to feed the waiter to the fish. Ha ha ha. He's linked to the fish is now just like Luca Brazzi is one of those places that think it's cute to abuse their customers. Oh, I'm like the Rascal house. They definitely had that if you don't like it. Get lost mentality. Never ever again. It's perfect for mac, mac, mac, acoustic sues. PSF in there by boat and by land. They're equal opportunity. A whole system says, oh, what? I don't like that. When you come by boat or by land. I'll put it up by the sky. Maybe you can do like a skydive like that broaden my own. And once the is ready, troops from the synagogue see they're taking up all this news. Like this is really big stuff. All the time with this new so called news because now we don't have to talk about what's happening in Iraq and all the dead people. That's right. And the murder and bloodshed in about Carl Roe and battery play. And about, you know, all that stuff, all I able danger, all these things. I have to talk about that because we didn't keep showing us, oh, what could those is ready troops? Look at those crazy Jews. I got to go very difficult time and the poor chest. I wonder if the big thing is they'll fixated with this crap. You think? Outside the yard. This is the courts, the struggle here. There were others in the synagogue, the base inside the synagogue, but I have all the way back, you waited in the middle of the city. I wonder if the city is a sociable, is a crap, huh? The children, I think the people see on their crecivices on strike. Do you know that? No, I did not. Well, that's why they're not doing their own news right now. They're going to be a police officer, or nearly would be. So they got the same BBC on their better audio. The part where I'm settled in the drawer has some come from other settlements, even in the West Bank. Yes, to be honest. Oh, and if you think this is exciting, just wait. This is just child play, what's going on there now. Oh, yeah. Anybody counting your kosher chickens before they lay a big one? Just wait until they start to try to disband the settlements in the West Bank. And host Jerusalem, then they're going to be shrine and crying. Then you're going to see some real heavy duty crap. Nevertheless, grain washed, sad, put that up. You know, I bet some of these people could be nice people. They need to be deprogrammed. Some of these is most of these people are kids. They're pumped up. They need to be the program. Maybe they could have a real life ahead of them. Send them to Brooklyn so they can show rocks at the conservative Jews. Michael Jackson, fine for a mist hearing. Oh, he's got more serious, baby. And our way to judge you know all the beans. Smith by Michael Jackson's faded and have his lawyer trumpery hearing in a civil case. Find the cigarette $10,000 yesterday. Jackson was a no show and had no lawyer presented his lie hearing in the case accusing him of sexually assaulting an 18 year old man during the 1984 World's Fair, Jackson advised the accusations. Jackson attorney Charles F. V. Jr. that Charles F. Jr. told US district judge, Eldon Fallon. I wonder if he's kind of Karen Fallon? Who? On Wednesday that the summons for the court date was lost in the confusion of Jackson's travel station trial in California. The summons for the New Orleans court appearance arrived on June 13, the day that the jury acquitted Jackson even though there's two on a solar books. I would like to put out that June 13 was probably the most anxious day of Michael Jackson's lie. He said, gay told the judge that during the trial Jackson was not any were sleeping and was worried about his and the children's futures. The order of June 13 did not get in the proper people's hands because of the chaos and Michael Jackson's lie. He said, the judge said he did not feel it was appropriate to find Jackson for a content of what city was not so wrong. Gates, excuse either, so he led another finds related court costs. It strains by understanding of the facts that Mr. Jackson did know this matter Falon said. In the federal civil lawsuit, Joseph Thomas Bartucci Jr. Coochi Coochi let's most Bartucci. Claims who has learned in the Jackson's limousine by one of the singers in poison 1984, held against his will for days and sexually assaulted. Bartucci claims he repressed the members until 2003 when he saw the coverage of the Trump administration charges against Jackson. Bartucci is seeking unspecified monetary compensation from Jackson on a variety of claims such as emotional distress. Bartucci's attorney William A. Pig. He got gay and pig. That's what he said. That's what he said. He said, he said, he's been the victim of character assassination. This is kind of like starting remind me of animal farm, I George Orwell now. Even the pigs are talking. Jackson's lawyer, that's the case we'll go to trial. There's a one year statute of limitations from the time our two chief claims he would gain his memory. But gay, I'm sorry, but gay. He said, Bartucci allegedly discussed the allegations with his wife in 1990s. So, usually, for everyone. All of people are liars. They're just all looking for money, right? No, right. Not that's not what those two jurors said. They want you to buy their book. 426 votes. We're not going to make it, damn it. You better lean on that poll. Real heavy duty, Josh. We're not going to make it. And then they're going to get that all music. The best part of this, we got all those old few end jingles too, you know? Yeah, we're going to take the cake. 428 votes on the poll. Who is the all-time ugliest female celebrity radio TV or the movies? And we got Sandra Burrner, 133 votes, Rosie O'Donnell, 66. See the accrues is moving into the third place. Nice going. See ya. You go boy, a girl, 57. Rosanne Bar 35, Barbara Streisand 31, Wofe Goldberg, 26, Tammy F. V. V. 21, imaging coca's got 14, Phyllis Dillore 11, Oprah 10, VR 39, 20fields 5, Betty Davis 5, Randy Rhodes, the goddess. What? Has 4. She's got 2 pair. I believe that. Yeah, Kathy Mates 1, and so far none for redicaws beat, green of ancestors, Phil P. Dillore or Joan Rivers. Joe Rivers has no votes. Now, while with that beat, she's a piker compared to seven eights people. She's a piker, are you still going to answer some antics stuff again? Yeah. Now, let me just say, if redicaws beat, we need to remember you refreshed. Picture that we're going to show here for the first time, Ubb Dennis Raider. Pretty graphic stuff. This is actually Dennis Raider, basically naked, right? Hanging upside down. Okay, Kishira, who did it? He's the B.T.K. Sandwich guy. This is he took one of the corpses to church. And that's a good place where I have to be a stiff to be in church, to be that foolish. Stop subsidizing these pedophiles and lunatics and the pedavers of garbage, okay? These liars. Or, or not, you won't do it. Diversity panel faces hiatus. Oh, this is great from the hero. In the wake of the bruising and barricing fight over the, we are family video, the Broward School Board, we're likely temporarily dispatched diversity committee next week, while it brings dorms ways to get the controversial panel on track. As they say in China, Dr. Zavia Lachenkop, okay? No, they say in China, every day. Board members are tired of the bad publicity to committee is broad, but some community leaders are concerned, the school board will derail the panel's principal task of monitoring and equity lawsuit settlements. This will push us back months to build retinier the diversity committee chairperson. We said the committee is currently conducting site visits to schools, making sure that buildings are safe and clean. There are a lot of good people on the committee and they're working hard, right? And you said that diversity committee was tasked five years ago with monitoring the district compliance with the lawsuit settlement. Citizens concerned for our children at file the suit to ensure equity between predominantly black schools and white schools. The school district has been late with the reports for seven years as an activist and CCC member Marty Furtig. I'm not sure how they're going to give it out on time. Board members wanted to vote Tuesday and whether it is all the panel for two months, but school board attorney Bob Ignola said, any vote needs to be advertised to the public. Many board members were disgusted by comments made to remain a committee's discussion of the video, which features popular cartoon care for teaching tolerance. They've diversity committee rejected using the video on schools as did a screening panel created by Superintendent Frank Till. Former committee member Steve Kane, a conservative self-hitting radio talk show host called a activist DBS DBS People, Mr. Hummel Fold. And it's August 3 meeting with the school board of the affirmative policies to her tolerance and diversity. And this and since it's all from comments made by some committee members. I'm tired of this board being labeled as big as said board member Marine Dinen Tuesday. I don't want this committee to meet again till we have a workshop on it. Oh, let's have a workshop. What do you say? All right, I'll bring tools. The board of the schedule to meet again in September to discuss ways to revamp the panel. Two days a sudden a schedule of what was meant with cheers by gay activists who said some members of the panel have violated the school district's own policy concerning tolerance, for heavy discrimination on a number of characteristics including sexual orientation. Through fairies, Kane stepped down last. We're saying he didn't want his presence on the board to become a distraction. Right. School board member Marty Rubenstein who appointed Kane two years ago, sadly, said last month he removed Kane from the panel, but they didn't. Some activists said the board needs the part to move any member of any committee via a majority vote. Rubenstein didn't speak at Tuesdays meeting, but a seven-to-passed at Kane is a valuable member because he cares deeply about equity issues and has adopted 75 black children. Melissa Foto could be dolphin Democrats blasted Rubenstein for not kicking Kane off the panel saying he's a puppet for a bigger agenda. Board chairwoman Stephanie Crabson, she's not sure how the board plans to ensure come-a members' respect district policy. Oh, it's very sad. Very sad, Mr. Evo, Mr. Humbleful, but then there's just a lot of people wasting a lot of time. It's basically what it's all about. And I was so confused with the real picture of the real task at hand here. Let's just get all bogged down. And in fact, we got some bigots on a committee. Some homophobic. Two-fairy. 12-14 and five-60. Maybe Steve is still suffering angst over his previous homosexual experiences. They always used to wave about and brag about when he was, when he was, his other person was on here, Mr. Prover. Now he's Mr. Bornigan, goodie-tooshes, right wing. You know, for years, Armstrong Porter Holmes said it's always tweeted everybody like family. They want to extend it off for to you, to join their family. Ford nationally is extended their Ford family sign offer through September 6th and right now at Armstrong Porter Holmes said you can get the same great pricing that every Ford motor company, employee, and their families begin. Not only did you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program. And for limited time with a new car purchase, you'll get a color TV free. So what a combination this is. What could you be waiting for? Pick up that phone right now, call 305-24751-12, and ask for David Rich. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. You'll be in switch, no phone ideals. And this fantastic offer is only available at Armstrong Porter Holmes said, where they always treat you like family. Armstrong Ford is proud to be locally owned and operated by President General Manager David Rich says, bring your family to meet our family. Armstrong Ford Holmes said, US-1 at Southwest 307-3, 20 minutes out to the 836. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place else in town, but Greg's life on it. Check it on the web, Armstrong Cars.com, and then give David a call 305-247-51. And we're going to be talking about the Ford family plan today. Grab a little and save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars at Armstrong Ford of Holmes today. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. That was a L.A. channel. I just lost five million pounds. Just 75 to go. Just see that. And you know what's mean to be a call I do? Better for that, better change down. And it's quick for a little more time. Trust me, yeah, I'll be safe. When am I getting my dessert? Doing 10-3 because you'll be in my home. I like to consider myself pleasant when I'm home. I feel pretty, you'll make my dessert. And I'll spare you, set me in your trip with me. Big open skirt. Actually, not a little bit good. It's a cool feeling. St. Stephen, I'll see what's the deal in family. It's the initial goal. Just see it go. It's a cool feeling. All that rocker keep no goal. Just see it go. Cooling your goal. Next you think it's time. Change it, you'll have your best goal. Go. Just see it go. Oh, yes, you feel sexy, man. You're just like an old-schooler, you know, anyway, the fact that this guy's been cursed he is somebody says in the fact that he's getting hurt and that bitch on there right away says what the hell kind of an image is curfting anyway I need like a pig to if I would stuck with that man good boy maybe it's the name game maybe that's the problem who the name game we better play that one of these days soon like today okay the botanist name game thank you mr. president for those low gas prices before I do that though we got 450 5 votes we need to get realistic read a 550 by one o'clock have a shot at 700 will you say that Josh yeah you paying no attention now you know I've been in curstiali come down just for the last voice he has to man on man cally count talk about hostile brother wait to see where the decimal point is on a next check in fact when you're opening envelopes oh gee that thing must have fallen out to the left of the left yeah 450 5 votes we got to get to 550 by one at 457 so let's see 43 we need about 90 symbols by one we can do it there's the guys who had draw this to the other so they're on the roof the soldiers of goods and people in and out of the dust rag they're asses out of the they never lived there in a first place there a bunch of outside or a O'sron for Baku Turo okay and Florida we had O'sron out of for Baku Turo Graham and her they got O'sron for Baku Turo Jews eat lost right wing brainwashed punks oh not really my favorite though it he will get these with a holding the the Torah and the holy tablets schlep and those out the selfless with the Torah wow anyway thank you for those low gas prices mr. president what a bargune gasoline president another high today for their sixth ray record breaking day oh yeah according to travel to AA's daily fuel gauge report see and if anybody doesn't believe that this is going to like trash the economy just like it in 73 we're moving the air of oil embargo their dream and man they're dreaming because every single thing from the food you eat that has to be transported and the airlines dolphin us as they may go belly up pretty soon they may have to go bankrupt yeah what the one thing you have won't have to worry about fear of flying anymore because they won't be any pretty flying away it's going the nation want average price for a gallon of regular on limited hit two fifty eight and a half two point five eight six up about two cent from the previous day that's the best part of the deal is it's going up every day in the last year prices have gained almost seventy two cents almost thirty nine percent seventy two cents in less than a year while the average price for a gallon of gas is close to two sixty a gallon prices have jumped past three dollars in some individual cities and towns and here in Canada it's like a buck a lead over a buck a lead or which is like four bucks a gallon a the average price for a gallon a regular on-letter this highest in California almost two seventy nine and lowest in Wyoming at two forty two but then who'd have once a good away only when you're right my will want to go there except maybe your rice president and his bulldoche you fairer daughter and his BS wife what if she still right in those steamy bulldoche novels you think let's hope five six seven five sixty pound five boy I sure have a lot of stuff here including all that tabloid what I like stuff yeah but you do that's what I heard aging chickens put from the jaws of death and guess what I never dreamed I'd find another story from vacuvel California's never sendy's from vacuvel yeah sendy she and that's where she's from I go I did well yeah yeah you did you just want to pay me follow in that more than what is it like her life story or it he'll follow the protest but more than seven hundred aging chickens have been plucked in the jaws of death a vacuvel animal sanctuary in several human societies save the old cluckers from slaughter after the new order of a former egg farm reported not knowing what to do with the birds he inadvertently purchased along with the property let's go to summarize lake in say those old cluckers all i'm forget to mention about what's going to be going on in book initially inspired by what's happening in Gaza right now a certain groups in book of the site of the kind of like forcibly coming in drag all the Jews out of book and take them back to my me beach all the old Jews rest you is hope to find good homes for the hands which are past their egg laying primes this is the first rescue of this magnitude m ore of california said sendy machado animal service director for the marina mains society what if she skimbed the gussman chado you think sure they've been for her purchased the vacuvel land and used to house the farm contact the groups to see if they could find homes for the healthiest chickens the new owner was this made learn that the chickens were still roosting there and time to kill most of them while the hundreds of hands spared death is up poultry compared with the number of scrawny white leg horn chickens routinely slaughter once they stop producing eggs the rescue groups were happy to have saved some most of the birds never seen sunlight but they're expected to adjust the life away from the farm they've never seen a they were born incubators put in cages of a double the size of a record album like that poor poor chickens and you're eating that chicken yeah are you really all the time just wait to let avion flu starts to get in the south for it just wait to land I don't think you're going to be into much poor people I could be wrong with that okay stick with that brought worst man I went out and bought me a bunch of a sliced mushrooms yesterday and onions sliced up what I do is I cook my brought worst on my flavor wave deluxe and then I heat up with some olive oil my mushrooms and onions put a little bit of that low-carb sauce on it that pasta sauce and I slice up my brought worst after it's cooked and put that all in the frying pan and swallowing all around and heat up man that is just outstanding see today's recommended something they're fattening like that damn ice cream he's always raving about like hog and does banana nut and that stuff that Miguel was raving about again the cold stone creamery you'll be cold and stone all right after eat that not at that order it's great stuff yeah you'll have a two stone that's one of my favorite names for product like two stone pizza yeah there's like a little a little message in there 27 past noon at 560 W QM on the more Howard David David at WOMO Joey when was the last time we really indulge yourself we should go months ago even longer that'll mattress insert a one two to indulge yourself every night what service perfect night mattress line right now when you call 1 800 mattress you can save up tonight and rebox off the dial if I dial a factory mattress prices you want to just said the perfect night feature asserted don't say it again the perfect night feature asserted high school accounts finest clothing and memory foam for the ultimate comfort and the service for limited time we gonna save out all sizes and comfort levels well supplies last just call 1 800 mattress they still give it that same deal to our window that you pick between noon and two for delivery and they show up on time 1 and 3 2 and 4 whatever you want chances are they have the mattress in the size and comfortable you're looking for ready for same day delivery if you call right now dial a mattress right number one in the world a customer satisfaction which is why I've used them for years and so is George and Moe and Miguel and even discussing fat boy you'll be a satisfied customer and I guarantee you I'll put you fat boys life on it don't put it off another minute called dial a mattress right now 1 800 mattress or do your shopping on their website mattress dot com call that maybe sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight 1 800 MATT RES we've off the list as because it stands for stupidest sensational saving this is real Rogers this is 5 16 2 8 start bombing back there do it every day I want to watch it on TV I write I write we should take a day let all just put on them to which I write I want to wake up and see there's still don't exist hope and then air and tell fat sardom of shame we're really pissed you're on the my skin that little piece of shit 8 8 get away I'll get them out to big guy hits and moe who your heart I just don't have shot to go up and now we all know it's time to bomb I write I write I write I want to wake up and see there's still no one to fix I want to say that when number one top of the heat we can't be paid I can't we have one bottom of the heat I'm not stopping I'm not stopping let's make your heart be on a bit that'll all come right I'm not stopping I'm not stopping I'm not stopping I'm not stopping I'm not stopping I'll get it I'll get it I'm not one of those who gives up easily but I can see I'm a swimming upstream on this one they just don't give a crap to send a very best of the very work we're just even going there and just tap it lightly once this fact is right now you know who this bitch is because it's that he should send us yeah she's the lion lady as they call her really yeah well I thought that was great read fact says I don't even know why she's famous but if you were your listeners have ever seen Joyce Lynn Wilsonstein which I have because she was in my tabloids this week yeah the poll would be over I've seen her recently at the public's checkout line in the examiner's star she's absolutely hideous Martian life she spent over $4 million over the years on plastic surgery and now looks like Eric Stultz in the movie man perhaps you can google her and find a photo put it down for any of the folks and there she is right there and just a short blurb it says here jazeline willdenstein there's he and sculli yeah it's the world's scary celebrity she's not really even a celebrity just a jolted wife of a really rich guy after seeing her photos it's easy to figure out why her husband dumped her she is scary looking she started out normal looking and then shows the first picture she looked okay she looks like a Victoria gotty and then she started getting worked on and then it's got like a midway picture and then I have no idea how many surgeries it took for it to get to the point of looking like a scary Halloween mess but here is the fine wow the final result it seems she's had a chin in plan cheek implants some sort of weird eye surgery she has doctor to give her eyes like a cat too much lip collagen and a very very very tight facelift even more body parts of the chains of mr. ego take a puke at that wow what is this website awful plastic surgery jazeline woven sick yeah seriously yeah awful plastic surgery dot com if you take a look at make sure you had lunch first before you take your unless you're on a diet or some way you lose your appetite for life when you take a puke at that so thanks for mentioning that because nobody's going to she'll go zoom up there she may send her burn heart looked like a birdie spears for fbi whistleblower calling rally along with the state senator who's undied and wreck our headed to Texas fact that probably they're already to join a growing anti-war demonstration rallying now democratic candidate for congress and senator brekkie veki luri will join a protest initiated by Cindy she and rally said this week that she and luri would leave today and stay through at least some day sleeping in the tent at the site they're paying their own way luri son mat luri died may 26 when the army helicopter he was piloting with shot down a democrat from northern and southern luri is a consistent critic of the war in Iraq she offered a state senate petition against it in 2003 but also a supportive of a resounds military career our children are dying i think it's time to go support Cindy and see if bush will come out we can say president bush what is the mission exactly truth has been shifting all around i think we need to rejoin the work community not occupied abination where we said the most that we're going to support Cindy said luri democratic candidate for governor in 2002 rally a former special agent the fbi's Minneapolis office gain fame in 2002 for criticism of fbi leadership she said officials fail to write an information a cash suspicion on some nine eleven hijackers the must be for the cared out the attacks and later was named one of the magazine's people of the year for efforts and of course the old smear campaign always got a smear you know smear the queer not challenging in company west representative john cliny republican rally's emergence a harsh critic of the war in Iraq it puts a human face on this issue she said who mentioned the trip briefly in the campaign appearance and then labor after when in the pp many people if they don't have a personal connection to the troops it's easy for this to begin with a discussion that lacks seriousness urgency i think it's good to show that there are real people who are being effective like the nearly two thousand head ones and the thousands of others who supposedly were injured but then i want to die in Germany we didn't find out about it yet not for the hundreds of thousands of civilians and loads and loads a little kids well they shouldn't have attacked us that's right they shouldn't have had all the weapons and attack us in rattling their spear rally their britney spear and i certainly if they wanted to be like we all muslims they should have worn in schmatha's like the Saudis we like the muslims with the schmatha's out with the dresses but these people live my little bit too civilized for us we were we didn't take kindly that i'll teach it and let their women drive not no more we don't have to stay inside now pretty much so does everybody four hundred ninety five votes baby four ninety seven we got a shot at five fifty by one ten we ease into the seven hundred six i just i just won't take no for an answer that's all it means absolutely nothing but then it's a two or five i can go in there could be brought worse than say to myself i accomplished something today i got a few ways you passed through the uh huh yeah something for my couple companies something big not on this station not in this town not with this audience now with this uh group we got four night i've had the next time i clicked that next time i refresh i've been since like five hundred five five hundred nice girl what a genius yeah oh they come go to wood by right now see the all time i'm gonna be a female celebrity radio TV where we send her burn her 145 c. that cruises in second place and zooming upward no stop an at-bitch rojo-dommel 71 rose and bar 42 barbersetri cent thirty three teny-fay bicker pays the lower thirty two who could go over twenty imaging coca fifteen who that where you at fill us dollar thirteen opera eleven b. Arthur nine twenty field six Randy rods the goddess is got five twenty-day b. five for the ever to Randy rods and drone crawford at something common she'll be used to ready for veteran sister in three don't remember three can't be b. two and so far jostle and well-nesting they haven't seen those pictures yet no nobody can curse the alien read across we have none but what they see that picture this does and all the size 5, 16, 16, 16. Now try not to play. Now, and says he have the line of recognition. I can't decide how great now this is here. It's good to take it. I'm a little lost, just a little bit more. I have the information. I was paid $50, but no guy was really lost. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You're the damn lost, I'm sorry. It's okay, it's okay. You're just lost, I'm sorry. It's okay, it's okay. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You're just in love with�면arbeit Yoosan. I love here, Phon STACK, he just wrote her гор n I'm so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired, so tired I'mаль. I'm rest. I'll be checking these photos. Over there? Oh, wow! Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do so? Can I just get asked me to do it? Can I just get asked me to do so? When we got this illusion, we'd be right under the ground. Maybe it's the MRGS. When you're voting on our pool, the Gusselsevo to seven, I would take a peek on top there. I forgot to mention that, new picture today. That's maybe one of the best of all the time. Middle East solution. And there's your fearless leader with their health shirone and Machmood Abbas and Eherlikes sitting around and Bush's hand in Mija, a six-shooter, which he'd expect from W. Right? Sure. And he says, here, you two, A-hols, shoot it out. I'm tired of Ephanudia, a beautiful thing. I think that's it. I always said that, let him all kill each other, and let's move on with life. Let them keep arguing. All three factions, the Christians and the Jews and the Muslims, over at the piece of desert there. Castle Hoace, that's my, if you want to kill each other, great. Good religiously. Leave us alone. Leave us alone. And quit force, Mr. Payal, was 18 bucks a gallon for Gens pretty soon, huh? Have to take a mortgage out on you. You pull up to the tank and you've got to, uh, probably the guy from Dietek will be there. That guy, lost that alone to Dietek. He'll be sitting there right in a w-right, a w-right, a second mortgage, so you can fill up your SUV. 533, you see, Josh Korniston, take me to make it to center of Oats today. Because he just doesn't care enough. All right, he's to use to sit back with us boring guys, up in a modeling game, you know, Marlins won the World Series, you know, come a, come a crowd. Too many coma people in South Florida, on the air doing sports, to talk, doing everything, boring people. There's nothing in a world worse than boring. Got it? That boring, like Dave Van, and Rich Walsh. Oh my, he's like a male reader, Cousby, with a better voice and not much. We're all these people with these bad voices coming from. Marine down had a great, see, I don't have time for calls right now. I know that breaks your heart. Yeah, I'm weeping. Well, no, because I've got a human, I didn't realize I had such a big pile. Well, get into it. Yeah, hop on it. Marine down had a great calm that we had on our website. Did I remember that biking toward nowhere was I yesterday, Josh? Yes. Where'd you go, did you read the Sunday? Yeah, we'll know I didn't read it on the air. Oh, you did read it. Well, I got a tremendous readership from our audience. And I figured, well, maybe somebody might want to hear, because we love Marine down. She's great. Little weak on TV, but she's great. You know, she's a calmness. She's not supposed to be a TV celebrity. Marine says, how could President Bush be converting around on a long vacation with American troops struggling with a spiraling crisis in Iraq? What's the worry that his vacation activities might send a frivolous signal at a time when he had put so many young Americans in harm's way? On the term in the life goes on, Mr. Bush said stubbornly. That wasn't a son believe it or not. It was the father 15 years ago. I was in K-bunk poured main then to cover the president Bush's frenetic attempts to relax while reporters were pressing him, about how he could be taking a month to play around when he had started sending American troops to the Persian Gulf only three days before. On Saturday, the current president Bush was pressed about how he could be taking five weeks to ride bikes in an app and fish and clear brush even though he was not your patient of a record become a fiasco. I think it's also important for me to go on with my life, W. said, to keep a balanced life. Pressed about how he could ride his bike while refusing to see a grieving mom of a dead soldier who's camped outside his ranch. He had it. So on mine full of what goes on around me, on the other hand, I'm also mindful that I've got a life to live and will do so. Ah, the insensitivity of reporters who asked the president Bush's, how they can expect to deal with Middle East fighting while they're off fishing. The first president Bush told us that he kept a telephone in his Gulf card and his cigarette boats so he could easily stay on top of some of his invasion of Kuwait, but at least he seemed worried that he was sending the wrong signal as his voting and golfing was just opposed on the news with footage of the frightened families of troops leaving for the Middle East. I just don't like taking questions on serious matters and my vacation, they usually good nature'd busing your barbecue reporters on the Gulf course. So I hope you'll understand if, if what I'm recreating, I will recreate his hot tempered oldest son who was gulfing with his father that day. It was even more irritated. Hey, hey, WD staff that we've heard is asking questions on the first team. Can't wait til we finish hitting at least. Junior always had his priorities straight. As WD's neighbors get in scraps with the anti-war forces coalescing around the ranch, as the Pentagon tries to rustle up update the armor for our soldiers or still still sitting ducks in the third year of the war, as the Iraqi police will train keep getting blown up by terrorists who come back, who come right back every time U.S. troops beat them up. As she is working on the Iraqi constitution, can spare with a ran about turning a rack into an Islamic state that represses women and his rack hurdles toward a possible civil war, WD seems far more oblivious than his father was with his Persian bell crisis. This president is in a truly scary place in Iraq. Americans can't get out or they risk turning a country into a terrorist haven that will make the old Afghanistan look like to pre-Aship reunites. What tell us that? I don't know. Yet his war, which is he always does that every time. Yet his war, which is not accomplished any of its purposes, follows even warmer in lives, and it claims even more Muslim hearts and is WWE's a book about history of self and looks forward to his biking day with Lance Armstrong on Saturday. The sun wanted to go into Iraq to best his daddy and the history books by finishing what bushing you started. He swept aside the warnings of Brent Skullcroft and Kohl and Pau, and didn't bother to ask his father's advice. Now he's caught in the very trap as father said he feared that America would get bogged down as an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land, facing a possibly burn outcome. It turns out that the people of Iraq have ethnic and religious identities not in national identity. She has in turrets want to suppress the Sunis who once repents them and break off into their own states smashing the Bush model kitchen of democracy. At long last, the senior Bush official admits that administration officials can no longer cling to their own version of reality. When the process of absorbing the factors of the situation, we're in the shedding of the unreality that dominated the beginning the officials told the Washington Post. They've better started absorbing and shedding a lot faster before many more American kids died to create a pawn of Iran, and they've better tell the boy in the bubble who continues to dwell in delusion, healing the fights and delays on the Iraqi constitution as a tribute to democracy. The president's pedalling as fast as he can, but he's going nowhere. I wonder a lot of people where that position's designed to be article about all the entire sea's great. Oh, that's more than that. Let's wait and speed that. That's been Dr. Crap, right? You got it. You know what they're reading about today? It's just a very short article that I'm in the beginning about how Bush's numbers are sinking like the Titanic and they're saying, oh, it's about time. Thank God they're saying. Damn God. Two better than half had before last November, which it should have. 546. I can envision 555 by one o'clock, can't you? In fact, I can envision it in next minute or two. And Josh court has sat there. Mr. Hachia, Mr. Rexburg, Mr. Noodle, I've got a who don't even know who Tony Kubak was. That's right. He would know Joe Dodgeo from anybody. You know Joe Harris, you all? Not personal. Dodgeo. John. I do, yes. You're the check. In literate. In literate. In fact, you know something, I think that was the beginning of the end for America, Disney, and Joe Dodgeo. That was the beginning of the end of any literacy in America. It's all gone. And let me ask you something, Joe Dodgeo. Where you at? 548 votes. And stop and see. We're not supposed to talk about such stuff. But stop and think about that whole where you at spot. Okay. Think about that. It's like sending a talk about our racist message. It's like saying, oh, when you dark folks, you're all in literate anyway. So let's just kind of like joke about it. Make fun of it. Right? Right? That's what it is. That's what it is. That's what it be. All time over this female celebrity, Sandra Burd, our 156. See that crew is moving, moving, moving, Italian for a dead rod. She's moving at 84. Rose O'Donnell 78 rose and bar 42, Tanny Faye Baker 37. Barbara Streisand 36. Woppy Goldberg's got. About third man. Imaging Cook of still 15 because everybody knows who she is. His dead except me and Book of Brian. Philos Diller 14 Oprah 11, B Arthur 10, 20field 7, Schilkees Derey 6, Red of Ncester and 5, Randy Rhodes 5, Betty Davis 5, Joe Rivers 4, Kathy Bates 2, Jassler and Wilton scenes only got one, but once they see her, wow, uh, Christian area. We need to cause be so far. We've got the big, oh, just like Merlin Monroe did. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. So, this is honored. This is not a tomb. It's the one to two, We've got a group of ms to review you love, A group of Presbyes and Derey Nunzo's group of Heads and富ets have also been approved. That's the only manner for them to be used in a new collection of new techniques. It is easy, why no reason is the one, and 13 Muscle Down. You have the 30 rules. So, for up to nine, you pick you up, write me for your five. I wonder how you react, when you discover the real life, you, that sometimes your natural nature and trees and born without a reason, both in and in the drums, they run low, then they grab panties, the trainers and criminals. Vire, stupid things that they don't want you to know. One day you wake up and see your dreams come for the ultimate, be healthy, show them. Let's get back to the blue book. Are you a blue book or a blue book? Are you a blue book or a blue book? Are you a blue book or a blue book? Are you a blue book or a blue book? to the Cube exactly get a right. Did he ever tell you what happened with his UPS I mean FedEx conversation they messed up They are resending it or something they just they messed up. That's pretty unusual because I do love FedEx Very very good. I would never knock them but you know they got 80 training packages this interview day into just once Plus the stuff like I said probably wasn't that good anyway 569 votes under poll We've got a shot. We're gonna get 700 whether Josh likes it in a 572 you see that there's zoom it up They're coming through for us baby. You can't just sit back. They're like a lump, you know? Don't be a lump number jury lumpy with the Yankees now You're a little different. How about Bob serve? Yeah, how about Bob Barker Bob well, it's my next story. I want to like segue into it Will Bob Barker's legal members ever ran to ask the National and Quiro the prices right MC has been involved in no list A nine lawsuits from female employees over a 33 year tenure in a highly rated CBS game show has just settled two suits That were slept against by former staffers. How do you like that? Do you know that? Nope Last September model Claudia Jordan and production assistant Sylvia Clement Henry sued the 81 year old TV legend And three other show execs for a sexual harassment racial discrimination and wrongful termination The BC's Barker managed to avoid going to court by settling the suits in late July If Barker wanted to win and he's got more suits in Greg Reed, you know If Barker wanted to vindicate himself he could have opted out of the settlements of going to court to prove his innocence But he always insists I'm getting his lawsuits dismissed Said Nick Alden the attorney represented Jordan and Clement Henry in June 2004 the National and Quiro report of that Jordan was fired Not October 2003 after three years on the program was about to sue Barker and three other staffers The prices right was the worst work atmosphere ever experienced at Jordan 32 She said Barker fired her because she had complained of producers about racial and sexual comments on the set You are the button model. I can fire your last one producer kept telling me and I was also told well, let's run with being the button model Nothing I was also told to stand between two Caucasian models to do a reverse Oreo Jordan said Bob was absolutely the boss from hell a reverse Oreo Kind of key went on the outside dark and inside Yeah, I was just thinking about opening Barker's policies Henry balling your confirmed Jordan and Come at him please stop panic and come at him. He's lost his route But that it Bob was not directly involved was not prepared any of the settlement discussion didn't take pay any of the legal fees He was named it a law super was not part of the settlement Attorney Alden said Bob Barker always plays smart ass saying his name is not on the settlement But the settlement automatically releases him from further legal action. So he's a huge part of it Barker still faces wrongful termination suits found by show model Holly Holstrom and production assisted Linda Ryder Holstrom is waiting for a court date and migrants scheduled arbitration issue for Bob Barker man Oh man before gets the name more trouble why not just die right there on the set Huh was that for Johnny Olson it was good enough for Rod Rodney who said I'm dying on the hands. Hey Rod You're fairie. Now you know what to call them Rod Rodney. I see actually I remember about him Well next time you see Joey. Oh, yeah, I was your buddy to go don't don't you miss doing those appearances And you don't get to see all your buddies anymore. Yeah, I missed the line It's basically got what he eyes and a guy with a fanny pack all the guys But I went to go with a fanny pack's probably a terrorist look out now. Oh my god He was pecking heat at the macarina one night. He was a security guard there for about five minutes. Yeah. He had a gun He's sure it was he I'm telling he seriously I will go to the game and he's standing there in the lobby and he's dressed up in some zootsuit and he's got a gun And anyway, Barbara balloons up like a cow. It's just a great story from a super what is that? balloons up I keep looking at picture Ryan's sleep And anyway, what is he doing these days? Is he doing something don't know? He played baseball on soccer in high school packed on 25 pounds a lean muscle for the movie way of the gun He also holds a black belt in Thai quando he's been married to Reese with us points since 99 and she looks cute in this picture I don't know why you're picking on her she doesn't always look cute keep five-year-old daughter Eva Elizabeth close to his heart during workouts. That's her picture around his neck I wasn't looking at his neck. Anyway, Barbara. Oh, geez, and here's a picture of Barbara from meet the fuckers where she's like Hoping on top of a nearly naked rubber to narrow. What a good match that is But if you could she I turn it that What's your name? Well, I'm seeing whatever her Larry Wallenstein, Joshlin, the wilderness team. She ain't got nothing on her And that's without the facelifts. Oh my god Striest hand is packed on a whopping 30 pounds Should say the star's bloated appearance is a far cry for when she played fanny brace in funny girl And they got a picture of that right kind of like behind Ryan the right behind Ryan Philips ass Oh, she did you see this? This is in the while I don't see why yeah, you did I thought you told me you saw this picture. I saw the picture of Barbara That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about I'm talking about Barbara Jesus are so defensive man. You're fair god on mighty You're worse than your partner in crime there. Ha's dial Anyway, she's a just organic. She's huge and she's put on 30 pounds in six months and Discussing another tribute to anti-Semitism, maybe she's a walking ad for it Well, what would a good good use they're turning up on I'm glad I segue today. You want to know why? Why see the people over there at the at the minor league sports station over the ticket They don't get it because see they keep time a while you know where to help our ring younger all the Southern grap they don't realize that we don't just have old people on here We have old Jews on here Hank and we emmo and any kid old Jews and even one young you're Jew squeaky one right right and they got what do they got all go. I'm name the one Jewish guy besides OJ Macduffy's to God is he Jewish are you kidding me still got yeah all the owners mark money marks Sorry about on the year all more that's right. They got way out But those are minor leagueers. They don't have any big league Jews you want to have some numbers You better get some big league Jews on here forget about age. Okay. That's your problem over there too many goiam Ted we're all right. I just love Ted we're all he right sacrifice what is it? I said he's great count me out I'm very loosen the playboys and count me in he says count me up. Okay. Yes, back. Just before we get to that Please add her Nice gone Chris and Harvey fire senior list of ladies with blood blood plastic surgery Also, I'll never forget to set a steep canopy Cooper City home depot shopping with his multicultural shirt on this classic queen producer And to Cooper City home home. Oh, depot while the forehead was bleeding from his hair trans flesh Yeah, that's why he's always got to him. I used to do the holes in the head first turn out he had a bigger one to begin with that nothing new here Hey Gary listen to playboy speak Gary speak What a clock and really hear it and I talked it up. That was nice. Yeah, yeah Oh, that wasn't what I wanted. I was looking for a I Let me see you think to four tops said where you at I'm excited and say then probably nine 10 raw rights if you supported the war pay for it If America is truly on a war footing Tom Shanker asked in the York Times why so little sacrifice NASA the nation and large military recruiters are coming up short of all in tears You need to party is pushing for a draft. I want his proposing a tax increase to cover the 60 billion dollar annual cost of the Iraq and Afghan wars There are no WWE 2 style war bond drives no victory gardens not even gas rationing back here in the fatherland Only support our troops cover Wednesday the Cape that were at war and they aren't even bumper stickers They're magnetic apparently Americans aren't even willing to sacrifice to finish on their automobiles to promote the cause Nobody in America's asked to sacrifice except us the paper quotes enough as it would just return from here in rose pedal paved your rack Symbolic signs of support are just not enough grumbles a bigger dear general. There has to be more heat demands The absence of a call for broader national sacrifice in a time of war has become a near constant topic of discussion among officers and enlisted personnel The general claims Northwestern University professor Charles Moscow says the political leaders are afraid to ask the public for any real sacrifice Which doesn't speak too highly of the season rate for which I say screw that It's not my duty to suffer for this pointless war ever against it all along and you can stick your victory garden where the deserts Some can't penetrate I was among hundreds of thousands of Americans who marched against invading Iraq in really 2003 tens of millions cheer to son the largest mass protests moving in history So did it doesn't mean by the Guinness Book of World Records brought together passivist humanists and people like me We knew where rack had nothing you do with 9-11 We didn't believe that the same White House that prompted 15th of ships in his breakfast and Kazakhstan Egypt peckest and Saudi Arabia that had when it suited them supported saw them could possibly be interested in liberating the people of Iraq When we scrutinized the coverage of the CIA's people were analyses We found that there wasn't any there were only reports standing back to 98 ancient history in the intelligence business We absolutely didn't trust if cake wall Taney's breed predictions Bush and Cheney ignored our concerns instead of building a solid case and bipartisan political consensus They bullied and lie the Congress and the U.N. is gamissive of this unwindable war Who can blame them they work for us on mobile and caliber? Nothing American people, but they not us broke your rack it can't be fixed it's not our fault. That's not our problem There's no reason to relinquish our creature comforts to back their grubby little oil grad The most galling aspect of this vS code that was entirely predictable. I know I predicted here's my column and back in July 2002 Most experts expect to rack to disintegrate in the civil war after an overthrow of Sodom's oppressive Back party our road opinion of the United States is now at an all-time low among Muslims around the world Going after a raccoe make mad is worse Like you've read a colante American Islamist even more political ammunition with which to recruit suicide bombers and Fractive financial donations that fund their assaults. I'm no genius, but even I could see that this war was do made months before the invasion There's occurred to deserve a whole line sure would a raccoe better off without Sodom probably But if we're smart we won't be the ones to blow over this particular house to cars We have too much to lose into little again in that mess that would certainly ensue our road Did I call that one or what David Henderson a scholar a corac Colorado college tells the times Bush understands that to support of the public for the war Especially the war in Iraq is conditioned on demanding little of the public of course Bush himself hasn't given up a second of a case in a single donated dollar much less one of his hard-parting daughters to the war effort Sacrifices a hard cell-down here among the citizens read when we don't see it starting where it should among our leaders I'm already sacrificing too much for where I always believed was stupid and wrong I'm paying three dollars a gallon for buck fifty gas and walking through gutlands of over our national guardboards at airports and bus stations I'm in greater danger than ever before getting blown up by a pissed off an addict And I've read the giant tax cycle eventually to pay off Bush's deficit But there were these are enough sacrifices for Bush and his vane glorious generals We're planning a civilian reserve a sort of peace score for professionals a program of the sea commitments from bankers lawyers Doctors engineers electors and plumbers and solid waste disposal experts to deploy to conflict zones for months at a time I'm reconcersion assignments to really pressure on the military if you voted for Bush Here's your chance to plant your butt where your ridiculous car magnum is smack dab in the middle of the Sunni triangle good luck Well pack your sandwich The pack of state is there work. Yeah, we'll pack your sandwich. We'll pack you a falafel how's that? I feel a rally will most sick it near schmata 14 at 560 WQM the mole myster I'm going to talk to you talk to staff noon everybody Those are so so they were to believe it Hey, but something if you look at an amir and you wonder if you're here wait down to sink down the drain on the floor Well guess what it did it's gone? That's what God hasn't stir for most guys is a big shiny head Well if you're sick and tired looking older than you really want to tuck out for you It can bring your hair back no holes in the head with a blood ripping down your forehead mr Rigo no dangerous pills no nasty looking musk rat mr Mr. Mo just a great looking at a here Charlie's skin like her system is a hundred percent on detectable looks like the real thing Go on under your scalp and you have nothing lose but that ball spot because Charlie's work is totally 100% guaranteed in tri-challi system for a month for about 30 days Turn the answer. You know what the way looks and feels and smells if you're not getting lots and lots of action and reaction Return it for a full refund make the call today 1-800-3212413 Touch Charlie you heard about it here on the new larger show get your summer special QAM $200 this cut off the regular $800 price of the best look at in the world Natural hairline system So here's that tool for you number again. There's no obligation Charlie will show you how much better and younger he can make you look call 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 or on the web it's Charles Alfieri.com All in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and here listing to the hockey authority Neil God sports I I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. 20 after one. We got to be challenged here. We got 40 minutes to go. We got 599. I got 600. I said we got 100 to go in 39 minutes. That's a heavy, heavy duty on that pool. If we don't get to 700, it's going to be like a... You just right there. I got 601. 99 votes to go to the... We should remember the golden glory days when we used to go. We're going to show just routinely. Right. They could pick your days. They could pick you. They could pick you. And in addition to which, I'm going to say we talk about starting from a laying down position. Like starting a race from laying on your back. Lay on your stomach. What do you talk? Totally cow. You look at those stats. I'm not going to be knocking the Kimba and the Gelty. But boy, please get the Humper back. These are vacation for two more weeks. This weekend next week? Yes, vacation. Oh, yeah, you got to be... You got to be Schmidt and me, man. And the way that this station disrespects the head, man. I see next week we got Gelty on solo. That ought to get a big tune in audience. Oh, my... A solid week, a Gelty, and that's because Kimba is going to be doing... Like filling in the program. Oh, look at his schedule. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Somebody even... Somebody if they really must take me like poison. You know what? Upwear. And there's a guy. Or maybe somebody down there hates me like poison. Maybe that's why I've got this week's end next week's schedule. Or, I don't get like two weeks ahead of time. I got next week's schedule too. You don't want to know what it is. Wow. I think, pardon me what it is. This is where Feline is sorry for those guys across the street who are spending all that money for an $1,000 a year and put that horse ball dolphin broadcast on there. I think we're feeling so bad. So let's give all the handycraft. Isn't that... that's got to be it, right? What are you talking about? I'm talking about how great it is for Stark radio. Yes. Yes, 601 is all I got. We got 38 minutes and new people are not hopping on it, baby. 603 the votes are pouring in one at a time. Even the bush crowd could come up with better fixed votes in the day county. If I should miss this is week. Who is the all time? I'll be as female celebrity radio TV or movie Sandra Bernhard 164. See the crews has moved into a very respectable second 102. Rosio Donald 81 rose in bar 45. Tammy Faye Baker 41 Barbara Streisand 37 get the examiner man. Look at that picture. An example you're asked about. Huh get it an examiner. Again an examiner. Big ass. What the gold bird 32 image in Coco 17. She said to die. I'm going to die that long go either. Phyllisvilleer 14. Spookies are very 11. B. Arthur 11. Oprah 11. 11. Great of an uncestry day 20. Feel 7. Bill number 6. 20. David 6. Randy Rhodes 5. Johnson and Willenstein's only got three. Kathy bases got a pair and curse the alley and we did. Cosby so far. Still after all of us got the big. Oh, I like that. I'm going to show you the first time I've done this. Pretty graphic stuff. This is actually Dennis Raider basically naked right hanging upside down. See I thought that she had learned that I realized that it's seen around Fox which I almost never watched. She just doesn't have any voice. That's your voice. Wow. She's a broadcaster. I see. I mean what is it come to? What is it now? What's happening in our business? It's a historical question. The Palm Beach County grand jury yesterday declined to win died. Delray Beach office in Derrand, Cagoni in the fiddle shooting of a 16 year old driver outside of school to Ancised February and people are pissed off and fired up. This isn't outrage. Jerrod Miller's family in support of this Cagoni was fired later in the day. Someone in the group of eight people in a prosecutor read aloud the grand jury decision that the shooting was justified. Oh my God. Later in the day the city in fact probably was more like. Oh my God. Later in the day the city said it's fired Cagoni. Our police officers can shoot and kill and be set free. That was just a far-steered Miller's grandmother. Filist Miller said outside the courtroom. I have a message for Cagoni. I want him to remember this and remember it well. He's still alive. But remember there's a God. This is a man's court. But he has to face God. Del God. Wednesday's grand jury decision came after a judge in a non-binding ruling and a for recommended that Cagoni be charged with man slaughter for Shooting Miller in the back of the head is the unlicensed teen robber cat like down a narrow breezeway at the Delray full service school. Some of us had ported his footage of the disparity between judge's degramosis Stevens ruling after a public hearing. And Wednesday's grand jury decision following closed or testimony is evidence of a legal system biased against minorities. The black man can't get justice in Palm Beach County, Shaheed Freeman and official with the NAACP sub County branch. Set his elethical room and discussed. This was very evil what they did. Very evil. He said a 16 year old boy of shot and a head just because he didn't have a driver's license. We talked Jim Crow is over, but I see Jim Crow all over again. It's a shame in Palm Beach County. We can't get rid of this racist mentality and I've just as for everybody. But guess what my friend you don't. Because it's a racist effem country is what it is. It's just what it is. And of course it's like O.J. or Michael who used to be black. 609. Oh, I think this is our toughest assignment ever you know it and I don't think it's going to happen. What do you got 6. 9. Oh, oh, just changed. 616 we need those votes coming in and like that's a chunks. What? We need a bunch of chunks and if we don't get to the 799 that's what I'm going to do. I had a blow chunks into a clock. If I can't do it for 2 hours and preempt the motion. What? The no show. 26 after 1 at 5 60 WM on the mole Howard David and the warm up show. He is going to have some show today. What? It's going to be dynamite. You know, for years speaking of dynamite I've been talking about a great company called Rock Concepts. The best corporate cleaning company that we're like used in for over 20 years. They are great. But did you know the drug concepts can also save you? Hundreds maybe even thousands of dollars by doing other things for you. Rock Concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning. A post-releather furniture restoration. Macros cleaning, Oriental rug cleaning and pet odor treatments. Water damage too. Rock Concepts can also clean and restore your talent. Quickly and efficiently. They're always looking to improve their service to you and find new ways to make your house look just like brand new. And during the month of August they get vengeance. There are some are sizzling number two package and water damage special. Rock Concepts from crupacling to talent. The only place to call no rip off snowskins. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing their unmatable job. And they brought in a palm reaches column 23, 1 800, 2 4 8, 5 0 7 1. That's 1 800, 2 4 8, 5 0 7 1 or log under their website. Rock Concepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16 2 8. All the crappy conographs, all the slime, all the time. We'll American A-hole. We salute you. Mr. Identity of a key undercover CIA operative revealer. Unless a man would realize the search for WNDs is what matters. But not all roles. No. You sold out Valerie Plain like a nanny on desperate housewives. Can you see? Where are all the other? There hasn't been a leak in this big since the Titanic was struck. Yet you refuse to resign from your cushions gig at the White House. You're welcome to the bench, sir. Now the Democrats are calling for your head on a flatter, which is ironic because that's exactly how you served up Valerie. Sure. You've suffered more public humiliation than a contestant on Bradcab. But you don't care. You're Carl Roe. And you can smell the maid for TV movie deal that awaits you. Ow! So we salute you. Mr. Identity of a key undercover CIA operative revealer. Your loose lips, your bad timing, and your White House fucking sins. You are a real American A-hole. 132 28-2 2 643. We need 57 votes by 2 o'clock. Can we do it? We got a shot. What do you think? We got shot. I never dreamed that I would find a story about my hometown. Rochester? Can't end day when the year old. No, Rochester's a city. Like somebody actually heard of it. It sounds a little corny. A farmer looking for love is tied to a personal ad using corn stalks and a cow pasture. It's got a photo of it. It reads, SWF got two love symbol, farm and god love farm. Underneath is a thousand foot long arrow pointing single by females to his house. In only took me one hour I did it with a corn plant or a me peatered de'han. That's P.I.E.T.R. Dutch. A Dutchman at Canada day. How do you like that? Oh my god. Peter de'han said Wednesday as he removed weeds from the ATE for fuel. I was just horse and around he said. In place of a newspaper, Ed de'han said he decided on the impulse to use up the extra corn sea left after his spring planning and his 200 acre pleasure acres farm in western New York. I wouldn't place a personal ad on the paper to me it seems this way. This is more of a fun thing. I could put it out in the field where nobody could see it unless you for the over it. The 41 year old divorced father said running a business and looking after his two teenagers isn't it? A lot of the time for socializing. His corn stalk appeal featured this week in the hometown daily messenger newspaper. Is all one of the great American newspapers the Canada day would day be a messenger. Not as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time as many of the time I stopping the giant numbers of it of it of attack an on the fifth the Germans in twenty five ministers to two minutes as one every 50 was most namely last few days here offered money says this is the spring ever happened the citizen controversy City of the Oh yeah brutal. In that nice? Yeah. 73. That's 173 here. Well there you go. That's what I'm saying. I'm not saying I don't want to be there, but you know what? That's of course factoring in the hate index. I don't want to be there. Oh here we are again, it's really true. You can see the emotional effect on these soldiers and commands. I'm just messing them out. So I've had a heavy accent. It's split emotionally down the fence, strain and so on. But the fact is they don't belong there in a first place. They never lived in that settlement. They came from the outside. They're Ojahn, provocative to them. Yiddler, okay. Get them out of there and cut the crap already. All these punks. See, one thing about punks, they see they were easily brainwashed and they were parents and others did a good job of doing it. And number two, they have a lived long enough to be brainwashed themselves. And the opportunity to take to the community. To be a second ass right there. Right. Start a few fires. And to be a young Ojahn, provocative to her for the wrong cause. Speaking of wrong cause people, nation of Islam leader Louis Furrko. And said Mexican president of the city, Fox was right to say that Mexican immigrants take jobs and not even blacks want. Although Fox was sharply criticized for his remarks by some black leaders, Furrko said Sunday that blacks do not want to go to farms and pick fruit because they already picked enough cotton. Hey man. Oh, you got a point. You got a point. Why are you so foolishly sensitive when somebody is talking to the truth, he asked the credit, mercy memorial Baptist Church, mercy me. He said blacks and Latino should form an alliance to correct differences and animosity between the two communities. So, rightfully, this is including the Reverend Jesse Jackson and the Reverend Al Sharpen condemned the remark, some leaders called on Fox to apologize. Fox has said he was commenting on the contributions that Mexicans made to the US and didn't mean any offense. No disrespect Furrko, who spearheaded the 95 million man Marseille of hundreds of thousands of people to Washington, was in Milwaukee to vote the millions more movement, which is scheduled to rally October 15 on the National Mall. The marches build as more inclusive, successfully the million man March. This time, organizers have encouraged women and gay people to attend. How do you like that? Wow, that is really a shocker. Let me put on my boo, a boo blocker and check out that shocker. Women and gay. You fare with 10. He also said that blacks and Latinos need to gain together gets the real enemy. Vigues. Oh, is that why he's a fixator with that? Yeah. And of course, take a look at what's happening over there right now. 659, man, this is one of the, maybe I, maybe I set my, it's a little bit too high. Now it's 662, 24 minutes, 38 votes a little more than one and a half now. We cut the ratio down anyway. They're hopping on it. You can vote as many times. You might by the way, we don't really care of the outcome. See, I'm like the Sun Sentinel. We don't really give a crap about the outcome of our Siliance poll. They're just for fun. Nobody takes it seriously. It's just for fun. Right. Right. It's scientific. Yeah, right. And very important of the things you do in races, he's engaging on it. It's an award going to be issued based on. 662 and it's still 662. Oh, man, are they going to make this difficult? What the hell is Morgan to do for still taking votes into a clock? I don't know. Huh? He did pretty good in that one on Tuesday. Probably not too happy about it, knowing him. prominent conservative political and religious leaders called Sun the 9 for a Senate approval of Supreme Court nominees will vote to win the Constitutional right to abortion against recognition of same-sex marriage. And for fewer restrictions, I'm going to just, expression in public faces. These are good religionists, okay? I'm gonna kick you off, you don't agree with me. These Supreme Court assaysion, the right to kill unborn children. I know from the door to legalize homosexuals, Sodomy. The Clare Tony Perkins presented the uncle's family research counsel, which coastbond to justice Sunday, too. James Dobson talked about uncle's founder of Hocus Pocus focus on the family, told the 2200 mostly white people in two rivers Baptist Church, it doesn't matter what we think the court rules. The Supreme Court he said in the video broadcast has created an older girl, he is governed by the few. Redicted Supreme Court nominee Robert Borkworn that the High Court has defined homosexuality as a constitutional right and once homosexuality is defined as a constitutional right, there's nothing the states can do about it, nothing the people can do about it. The event was built as an attempt to awaken Christians, those good-loving Christians that the importance of a poem in the Supreme Court, but it also served as a televised rally supporting President Bush's nomination of John Robert's junior, conservative leaders here in Nashville, said a hope Robert will be the first or three or more Supreme Court justices to be chosen by Bush, whose confirmations would fundamentally alter the high court and we can all go step to the sound of this. This is Neil Rogers, this is by 162A. This is a bitch. Right, you're up, fire! You can't break me ever again. You're off limits to my shapely right. And that said the record is your right choice. It didn't listen to what I did my own book. I was like, that's the news, and I put a stop at it for boys. For more toy art, you and your own book. For boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, for boys, they all, they all, they all, the number of it, that are many, that are really scary, they got another number of boomers of women, and like, we're done by them, date each, every minute, and we're working to continue together again, that's the method that we discuss with boys, 100% of larges for boys, 100% ? Interesting, OK, I guess, we already did the other wave, for boys, for boys, they're all on the right, on the right the third wave, for boys, for boys, for boys, we aren't the one who's really good, if they're dangerous, they can be� There are people who are perpendicular to students who are кусers, but don't ever hit circles,they should have taken part on the right, what is this source here next is We have those four Nick and Pitches and Halley Berry on our website today. We have over 1500. Halley's Berry. Six, 80. We need 20 votes in 14 minutes. Can we do it? Sure. No problem. We can do it. Just hop on it. It's going to happen on it. It'll pop up. The Pope is in Kalon now. Kalon is from by the way. I left a little something in the bottle. Not specimen. And anyway, he says he wants crucifixes and government buildings. Yeah. And we're talking about brainwashing young people. He's over there in Kalon doing what the religious do the best. Brainwashing Zillions of young people. Oh, the Holy Father. The Holy Father. The Holy Father. He's out there on the river of Ryan. Right here, the bear factory, by the way. For you today. He says, Oh, come to an hour, uh, cult. It's, uh, gas. They like you. They like the youths in the Catholic church. Yes, they do. Pope ended it this 16 is back to the split crucifixes in public buildings. Saying that God should be present in public life. Oh, hold it up at least in there. Very least it'll keep them vampires away. Sure. It is important that God. In fact, that's a good poll question one. They what is the silliest child? Have we done that before? Yes, we've done that. The church needs the silliest church key of all. I don't think we have them. Azusa on the door. The crucifix, the rosary braids. The hudders. The hudders. The shmata. Yeah, the shmata on ahead. There's a good one for you. You don't have you. He even bans. You might do that tomorrow. It's important that God is present in public life. For the side of the cross and homes in public buildings. He has had a news agency. And so, quote of the Pope is saying during his homelian affairs church and castle Gandalfo, the hill town outside of Aroma where the Vatican has its vacation retreat. He's retreating. He made no reference to specific disputes, but the issue of whether religious symbols have a place in government buildings as veneer, divisible in Italy and elsewhere. Like the U.S.A. Amongst the lack of its in Italy in past years had turned to the courts to see if you remove all crucifixes from public schools in Italy, which is officially secular. You go raghead. I like that. He had a gore of the courts to get the fuck out. Yeah, they said, once you're about your religion, it's man, you just have no, you have some freaking nerve man. It's for your own good. When in doubt, just keep imposing your BS on the rest of us. We don't want it. We don't want it. You'll think that you're not. Just stay away from us. Take your crucifix and your bubbles and beads and your tuts, tuts, tuts, tuts and your to fill in our all your crap. If a man was crowning, wouldn't you say he was not an agent? Of course, all the stuff that the Muslims are got. My God. Oh, yeah, that's about wild head year in flying carpets. I mean, I don't name it. Not to be. I've done by anybody else. She's like a contest. Okay, look the most ridiculous who can act the most ridiculous who can act the most with the truth. And then the Choskis and and bubbles and beads and bangles. Never that song. Bobbles, bangles and beads by the Kirby Stone for on Columbia records. How much of a book of grinders here? I don't know far. But the who's ex? Kirby Stone for. They were stone. 600 and 80 and 90 to all we got it. We got a baby. We got a baby. Now you see Josh there's a good lesson for you. You have to work it. You got to work it. Working it. That's right. Working it. Working it. Working. Unlike some of the dollars that you work with. That's a good word, man. I mean, in the duck world, we like mowards. But dollars, we don't like like Kimber for example. You've got a good guy, but he's so dull. But like up there with a lady sports class. He's got your Jimmy syphilis and Dave Ann boring. Now I heard. I don't know. I forgot to ask you last week. I heard maybe it was too. They heard some promo run is spotty waxy on some of promo. We got. No, I don't think so. Because it was a voice inside. Just like guilty. Oh my god. The squeak of me to resist it going through the roof of QAN. Oh man. Stop. Huh? He's not bad. He's good man. Have you heard him? Sproxy rocksy? How to help it out? I mean, I could come in here and listen to what if I wasn't going to a boring broadcast. Well, maybe he spices up a little bit. At least he's got to be a little more animated than your partner in crime there. The van boring mice. And Jimmy syphilis. Oh. You know what? It's like having a little girl doing the play by playing the dolphin game. And of course it fits in perfect because it's a little girl's team. This is Neil Rogers. This is five six two friends. A. Your car. You love it. You need it. And you want to protect it. But how? You tried the club. You tried low jack. You even put your trust in the witty little alarm system that came with your car. But where did it get you? Now the answer is here with the palace dimming in carolors. If it sounded good with the dead and it sure has had to wait for the neighbors. So palace dimming in carolors works because it's not a mechanical device. It's a genuine palace dimming and boy is he alarms. If palace dimming in carolors not only sounds a startling alarm, it also uses verbal messages to ward off would be intruder. You are too close to vehicle. And if these persist the palace dimming in carolors will make them pay the ultimate price. I walk like this time if you don't get right my home land. Time for your turn. I'm sorry. What are you doing? Sunset strip or the Gaza strip? Do you need the palace dimming in carolors? I'm sorry. Turn on the box. Lock up the daggers and cream sheets and prepare for a wild ride when socks present. When Jew the tack. Sponsored by the committee to a large W Bush and by KFC. Where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white neat right winged in OE2995. When Jew the tack. I want to turn on the box. I can't play. I want to turn on the box. We had a palace dimming in carolors. We had the Jew's right. That's the balance. What do you think? Very fun. Anyway, here's what we got. Thank you very much for coming through. If you bang them over and hit hard enough, they come before you. That's about to move less into you. Didn't that tell you we get 700? You're surprised if we get 700. If I said 600, you said, yeah, that's what you got to shut. I don't stare out low. My expectations. I said, if I would have expected about low ball. If I expected a three year, I have one of those. Yeah, if I'd you do. That's what Fed boy said. That's right. He's high ball. Keep problem low ball. That's me. When you're that fat, you hang real low to the ground. I've never got ball. 770. 12 votes. Same all your fill for your show tomorrow. Okay. I don't want to want to be associated with any of this crap. What do we got? Who is the all time of the Esquimero celebrity? Radio TV and movies? 712. But that's just amazing. The way they came in like I told you. That's a good shot man. Oh, I love you for a speaker. Let me tell you about a great place called a tub in Hollywood. I'm not going to my way there. Well, it might be interesting. It's not that you live real close to there. But you're like five minutes away. Right? You might want to zip over there. And maybe not sit around a way three hours to have a burger. But like to check the situation. Now, since we can't get like the details we're looking for. I'll go by an interview and interview. Yeah. You know, I thought I'm on sure. Just tell them you're alien. I still have my rep to. Maybe some of the older ladies will come out and check out some of the I'd well us. Good luck to that. 117 votes for the all time. Skenki is nasty ugly female celebrity. Sandra Bernhard 1994. But seeing the crew is came from nowhere from the cliff to a strong second place showing so far 118. Although I don't think they're going to catch Sandberg. She's pretty scabby. Yeah. Pretty or so like scabby. Hey, Rosie O'Donnell 97. Roseanne Bar 52. 10th of a baker 46. Oh, Carlos is going to be wild. You're fairie. He also likes watching him from what's that awful. All my children. What's her name? A 2 to 2. The 2 to 2. Kutti Susan Lucci. What does that tell you about that trial? What we go over 44. Barbara Streisand 41. Philis Duller 19. Imaging coconut team. Spilke's Derey 13. One thing about Channel set him and they specialize in his historical, skanky bitches and she's one of them. Be Arthur 13. Great of ancestor in 12. Oprah's got a dozen. I mean, you talk about the luckiest person on the face of the year if that's it. There's not even a contest, you know? No. Has she got any talent? She attracted? No. She is her show entertainer. No. Don't remember seven. Jocelyn Wovenstein 6. And wait till you see that bitch. Man, oh man. Two of that we can't put a picture of her on a website. Could we? I can't wait. But can. That one I was talking about before. If that picture, I sure have four million votes by 145. Then he gave us six Randy Rhodes 5. Christie Alley's got a pair of Kathy Bates 2. And we'd have caused me the one with a great voice on MSNBC. What a cool they made. She's got one. You ought to see. Bye bye.