It's funny to go to school! I'm so proud of what I got! I'm so proud of what I got! Oh, please, please, you forgot that's your top would be down! I must tell you what my car, that's the clinic's road! It adds a hole in the trunk and a tentative gift up! And you can see the road through the road and the floor, it's my little round of school! I'm right, so proud of what I got! I'm so proud of what I got! It's a feeling too good over here! One hit late! So when it gets dark, it's a use by time! It's nothing's great now! It's not what you think! It's what's not good, but daily quiet! It's not true! It's my need to round two! You're so proud of what I got! Wow! So proud of what I got! I got the room round drive a car, that's for fun! I had the mean thing, but I got the short! I did many enough to make you really sick! There's one more thing, I got no train car! It feels like we've worked through a rainy day! When the tape has to wait, don't use the word wrong case! The first wheel start to change when I drive to the steering! And I can't hear it's out of seconds, dear! It's my little round school! I'm so proud of what I got! It's my little girl! I'm so proud of what I got! I'm so proud of what I got! I'm so proud of what I got! It's like a little bit of a scratchy stroke again, it's like our G's, whether it's chains or holdy, I think it's dodging a bowl of the game! How do I do that? How does a fat old slob like me? Good curler! Is that one of his? Maybe it must be good jeans! No, and they're really sad that God like me, it's like a luck of the draw! If you're bored, you have good jeans, and you might live a long time, even if you're like a slob, and you never exercise, you don't do any eat all kinds of crap! But if you have the good jeans, you might just dodge your bowl! If you have bad jeans, all you're going to be doing is saying... I'm dying! It's prematurely! Anyway, I don't think we have time, since we've only got four more days of this half-assed, we don't know when we start kind of deal going on. What are you talking about? Yeah! Aren't you shocked? And again, we don't listen, so I have no idea whether he had any comment or any call about it, but on a front page of the Sun Sentinel, Tom Juka, and by the way, Tom yesterday I said some good things about you, but don't get too carried away because today I got like... You know, he makes it sound as though I had something to do with this decision. Of Yank and Sternoff, a QAM, what do you talk about? What are you talking about? Well, I'm not going to post-pone the same below, and I'll just add 11 o'clock or just there, or we pre-summon this stuff. Do it twice. Yeah, we'll just do it twice, kill twice as much time that way. Do it twice, you have to say, have a good time. Here's the total result from yesterday, which if I do this now, enables us to get into the new pool? Because we need to do that right now because now the Stern people, some of them are still listening. They haven't gotten to the radio yet to turn it off, and I'm sure some of them are going to be pissed off, and so I'll blame me. Oh, we know that you were complaining and whining. Yeah, right. I'd like absolutely nothing to do with it, but if it makes you feel better to think that Neil had that kind of power, go right ahead. Because that's a general conception. Neil decides who's going to be on here. Right. Absolutely. Right? Absolutely. Yeah. I was the one that decided Ron, her see how he was going to be on there. And yeah, in my good close personal friend. I think he fit in like a rubber glove two to four. That's my suggestion. I like beat everybody the punch because we're going to have an open slot there because mad dogs moving to four to seven. And a hump or kiss you have a red to son, a cent. A hump or he's going to be doing the morning. She's going to be staggering in. That was good. With blood sugar about 600 at the 6.30 in the morning. And that ought to be a real trip, you know what I'm saying? We'll see how that goes. So we'll take a poll on that. When we get a poll on the movies, we get all kinds of crap, which will repeat over and over again. So we'll do about a five minute show and just keep repeating it. How's that? All right. Here's the poll from yesterday. And then we'll wipe it off. We'll like to slate clean. Okay. We'll wipe it like he wore with that surround wrap. And they had a tea room. I'll let him hear. We're at wax paper. Maybe somebody at QM would like to go out and spend a couple of bucks to buy some real sharm and see Mr. Ripple on the board. Maybe we can get a whole seal instead of buying a cut white wax paper. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's not what the brand name is cut white. It doesn't so much wipe as it relocates. Right. Just kind of smears it around. Anyway. What person thing business or place can you least understand its popularity was our poll yesterday over 1500 votes. That's not too bad or making a little bit of a comeback. At least we were for one day and now they find out that students are departing their age. What? He's not departing everywhere just QM and said it. All of it only didn't put it back on your reader. He's pissing everybody off. Plus I guess these people finally decided that maybe some people were right months ago and he said you had to be a lunatic in the software market to put stern on here unless you want to lose your license and they don't listen to people like that. I don't know who said that but somebody I know. Anyway George W. Bush no secret. He won hands down. We can't understand it. Although I can. Like a track. There are millions and millions and millions of ignorant Americans, Dumberd and saw us. The Bumala is their middle name. But for 128 votes for W. They just don't get it. Real ATV 183. That was very good choice. Dr. Phil 149. Disposed. Reviled by the audience. Not as much as Phil Sims but close. NASCAR 99. Organized religion only 91. I don't understand that. Why didn't that do better? I don't know. Huh? I don't know. Although we do understand it because people are afraid of death. Like Madeline O'Harris to say, religion without a hell isn't worth a damn. Now is your favorite line. Cute. Didn't help or did. And that great didn't help when they sliced her ass up but never less. Perus Health 86, dayberry 65. Oprah 44. Fake boobs 40. Pro Wrestling 34. NBA 32. Michael Jackson 27. McDonald's 24. MacDeath. Rush Limba 23. Donald Trump 18. J. Leno 17. J. Low 16. And that's a thing how J. Leno and J. Low were like side by each. I can't like that. Told you. Sports talk 15 and Sandler 13. Jessica Simpson 12. Wal-Mart 11. Paris France 11. Not to be confused with Perus Hilton. Quentin Tarantino 11. Who still busy to push me and my mayonnaise on his thing. Neil Simon 11. Cup your music 10. Richie Simmons 9. Letterman 7. This crowd likes Letterman. Don't ask me why I don't understand. I have no clue. Maybe once a part of time we was funny but I guess I missed that show. Rastel House 5 and South Carolina 2. Rastel House only 5. I don't think our crowd eats at the Rastel House. Oh, hey. Now. So anyway, here's the poll. Now we got the Kylie Bax on a beaten curtain today. Yes, it is. It was a fantastic dinner. Jamestine was a good Rastel. Good shot. Very modest by her standards and that's a kind of quality material we want to present there because there might actually be some people under the age of 100 looking at it. Kylie Bax was born January 5 1975 in Tames, New Zealand. Is that Tames or Tames? Tyler does. But like the river? Yeah. Tames. That makes sure 29. Measurements 342435. And that's a show more. I wonder what they mean by that. Tenacity one that is now yet. How can that not be out yet? Well, it's coming out this year, I guess. Get over it. Perfume. Boys and girls. Jill the river. We married Margo. The big tea's in stormcatcher. And let's see. She was on a hardsturn show about 850 times. The late show with Craig Kilborne. And that's basically it. Is. Kylie Bax. So there she has taken a peek at it. If you like and if not, that's okay too. Well, I'm talking to the scratching throat. Maybe an issue today. Actually, I'm not. I think I'm sure pretty well yesterday. Although I do have my. Paul's mental. It's a. I got. Vicks. I can't lots of. I got. Paul's up the ass. Right here. In fact, these are in the green. I thought you're supposed to put him. Well, when you did this, probably if you stand up real fast, they listen to fall out. Cool. They, you know, see, it's like I've told you about chef boy R.D. years ago. If you made. Like 75 different products. But it's all written the same stuff just in different shapes. Uh, then you're going to sell a lot more. That's called great marketing. It's the same with Hall's mental. Look this. They used to be basically a couple. There was the plain. Right. Like pale looking colorless one, right. That just tasted like you could lift this. They've tasted like crap, but never was very soothing. And then it was also the like the red ones that left your tongue in your head. No cherry. Red and purple. And you look like you were bleeding that to cherry. And now they got like thousands of them. This is it. It's like this cool. It's pretty good. So if I saw a little foodier than usual today, they'll be because I'm sucking on you. Hall's mental. 26 after 10 out. I didn't give the new pool again, right? You didn't know. Well, let's build a little suspense. Let's do this very short break. And then we'll be come back or give the new pool and we'll confabulate on it and see what they have to say. I don't see a lot of phones ringing yet. And that's probably because most of them aren't even aware that this is for real. You know, is real. But it is. I guess you didn't talk about it this morning. The steering master. Hey, resolve yourself to a better night sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800-MATTERS Right now. Nothing has a bigger impact on your daily health well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep. And you can get one that I from got a mattress by calling 1-800-MATTERS right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably saggy or lumpy. It's time for a new one to some a complete line of the top names in the business. They got them all they got. See, sort of Simmons King coil, tempered experience in bananas foster too. Got a mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kendall Asture from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And you still get to pick that to our winner delivery window when it's convenient for you when you want that mattress delivered. And guess what? They really show off. I've been using these folks for years and they're on time 99.7% of the time. Dilem mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tour to Work for Excellence. So if you want to waste time, gas and money, go right ahead. Shut up to your betting and department stores and get ripped off. Pay for their big overhead. If you want to make a really smart purchase and it's pretty like a baby for years to come with an unbeatable to all the way around. Just call dialometrist at 1-EC call. We'll do it. 1-800-MATTERS are logged onto their website, macrist.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MATTERS are E-S. We're the price of station. I know I'm a body swaying. No, that is good. One full case on way. Well, that bathroom is now red come and they come to mess up. Be dumb on these two steps. Well, I am short for short. You're short to many doors. I just get the floor. The kiss before. And now wasted. Very tired of my wasted. Very tired. I've got a morning feeling. And there is some reason. So that honestly goes the still to fall again. Yeah. Oh, it's my head. I'm dying out of the head. Tested one. Point nine to eleven. I screwed up man. I made a bad mistake. I changed the full twice. You did Eric put a thing in the chat thing about it. Yeah. I don't know how I did that. I like bended twice. Yeah, you missed only. But a little bit too fast. Anyway, so I don't know how we do that. Is he going to manually, can he do it manually? He'll have a little bit of that manually. Let him manipulate our full manually. Oh, can't see how that works out. Because, oh, there we go. It's back on. Nice work, Eric. That was fast. Now, here's the deal. Let me vote. Okay. What's your take on the Hank Goldberg replacing Stern QAM deal? What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Stern QAM? That will happen next Monday, by the way. Humphrey will be on seven to ten. We'll be back to ten to two with the whole four hours. Two to four we still have no idea. We also have no idea who's going to proceed Hank. And it will not be supporting news radio. It's by what time Jacob writes. And then man died four to seven. And then the usual lifetime. Point five. I mean, and it decayed ten. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on QAM? And now evidently, nobody reads a son sentler. Nobody's aware of this. Or else they just don't care because I would have thought that the phone would have been ringing off. So maybe nobody called him about it. Maybe that's why you heard nothing about it. Maybe nobody bothered. When you hear your choices, I'm pissed. I'm true with QAM. I'm pissed for all still us in the deal. I don't care. I don't listen to me for any way. I'm thrilled on my Hank slash sports nerd fan. Or I'm thrilled Neil will be back to ten to two. Not only anything out. Sounds like all of it. There you go. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Stern on QAM? Which happens Monday on a radio near you? I'm pissed. I'm true with QAM. I'm pissed but I'll still listen to Neil. I don't care. Don't listen to me for any way. I'm thrilled on my Hank sports nerd fan. And I'm thrilled Neil will be back to ten to two. Those of you are five great choices on our very important scientific fool. This story about the Roman Catholic Church in Orange County, California, allowing a gate couple to rule their children. Third school. I don't really care. We got too many important things to say. I don't know. I don't know. Another day I'm out of voice to some time with. Especially since we had like 45 extra minutes to kill the day. What is that all about anyway? That resolution. Why did he do that? Is that like short change the stations? Well, can I take it a little bit of a little bit. He's going off the stage of anywhere. I'll take a little story. Okay. True story. I know it from the inside. That when Stern announced that he was going to serious radio back in October. The ego he has is so man with that he really believed that the 35 or 36 stations that carry a show that each of the markets was going to participate in a fair well tour. And that he would do a show in each of those markets for a day or a week or whatever. And in Miami and wherever. Whoever carries a show. And they would hold a ticker tape parade. No. Yes. That was my first reaction. Yes. He's wounded because of the fact he thought as a tribute to him and what he's done for traditional terrestrial radio. The stations that he's screwing over that he's stabbing in a back and leaving. To go to serious and promoting the hell out of a non terrestrial radio. I said like radio that everybody would hold a ticker tape parade. And he's literally wounded over the fact that that's at least that's the scottal but that I get from a regional horse's ass. That's pretty much a crime and speechless. But I am making an expression you should see. Really. Yeah. Wasn't that something? I mean it's one thing that I have a big ego and just tons in tons of publicity and money to go along with it. That's fine. You know, I don't be great anybody that. But the big ego thing really. I just get stung. Governor of Baghdad assassinated. Let's get that out of the way right now. Okay. Now we'll get to the important stuff like radio news. Baghdad Governor Ali Al-Hidri has been shot dead in the roadside ambush in the Iraqi capital. The highest profile assassination there since May. A tacker shot of his armored plated car from different directions as his convoy to a drill through northern Baghdad. Violences been escalating head of elections planned for early 30 and. Not turned in the end. Oh, this month in a severance and at least 10 people have been killed in about 60 others injured in the bomb blast at a police post in Baghdad. A suicide bomb around a fuel truck into a checkpoint near the green zone. The explosion shook the city turned the immediate area into an inferno. So as BBC correspondent Jim Muir in the Baghdad. Eight policemen were said to have died in a tack near special Iraqi forces command forth. And it just goes on and on or wherefine. And this morning they had jewelry room in there on CNN telling him, I'm halfway half the hand is on like that. Right. Just a few thousand people that are like messing it up for 25 minute Iraqi. Right. Sure. Okay. Now I guess there's no point in putting this off. Right. Because we get to the meat of the matter and you want to take up a call from angry people. What do you want to do? Whatever. Take some calls. Come any QAM hello. I have no problem in a very place for putting the hand go where that. Yeah. Back to sports sports. We got 790 up, 4900. I mean, put some something entertaining. You mean like five and time? Who ever? Any more behind that guy's a poor set and he's ugly and tall. Thank you. Like me. He's got a face and a body for radio all the way. That's your live TV though. And it doesn't seem to bother them. I saw him quiz on ESPN. What game was that? Was it a game? What's that? What's that? A week ago Sunday night. Wasn't it a Josh? I don't know. A week ago Sunday night. I think would have been the Browns dolphin game. And you don't know? Wait. He was on the sidelines. Was he? Yeah. He was talking to Bonnie Schwartz Goldstein and we're here with one of those. They have it. They have those broads. They're first of all. Most of them aren't even as the slightest bit attractive. Bonnie Bernstein's got a nose like a serial number to Bergerack. She's not yet. Get on. Oh, come on. All right. She's not great. But I mean. All right. If you're going to have somebody put somebody hot on a sidelines. I agree. I think. If you're going to have a bimbo one here who adds nothing. And she's always, well, well, I'll finish the story right after this play. Well, like we were just holding our bread waiting to get back to Bonnie and her big story about how Vinnie Testivery once squeezed your boo. I mean, who cares? Anyway, here's the story. Goldberg takes over Stearn's slot written by Tom Dick in this morning's Sun Settle. It is one of the most amazing. I just can't even describe it. That's during did the show this morning in New York, which was carried on this station. And this this story is teased on the front page of the Sun Settle. It's not like it's in, you know, one of the most hit-away, huh? Right. Like in the flyer. Like, yeah, the weekly flyer or some tabloid ready of the movie reads right. It's in the Sun Settle, man. In an almost real newspaper, Goldberg takes over Stearn's slot. And it says Tom Dick has says, WQM is dropping the hammer on Howard Stern. That's kind of cute. As of Monday, Stearn's show will disappear from the sports station five sixty a.m. or placed by a new program hosted by Hank Goldberg, who moves from afternoon dry. Unlike most morning drive programs, Goldberg will sign on at seven a.m. Goldberg ain't notorious night owl and club hopper. And either said there's no way he could be up early enough to be on here at the normal six a.m. starting time. Goldberg who said he expects a hefty race to become a slave of the alarm clock. And there isn't enough money to get me to do with six a.m. program. That's what I told him too. They offer me a lot of serious money to do that morning show. And I said, no thank God, I'm an old fart. I'm not getting up at 430 in a morning do your stupid morning show. Just because you broke it. Mr. Povera Kader. Okay, this. Here's another voting option. According to a fact, it says Hank blows and I won't listen. Says glad Stern has gone, but Hank really blows. Is he who we put that on there? Why don't? Okay, Hank blows and I won't listen. All right, well, see that they're surely. They're already parling on. Hey, stupid. That's our thing. We have no idea what our schedule is for next Monday. This. This in a sanity continues on and that's why I was in such a hurry to get to deal. Because I just want the money. Like I've told you. I don't care what else they do. If I come on and quarter to two. If I come on at 1245 at this point now that I got to think I'll secure and wrap up. Right? Yeah. See people don't believe me about that. It is very rude to our audience. Although I'm delighted to see that the beastly people wanted to deal in a very honorable way. With this whole situation. I wish they would have done that with me when they put them on in the first place. Goldberg movement necessitates changes throughout the schedule. Jim manages logical choices. He goes for Goldberg and 47 feet. But this would necessitate coming up with a replacement for the former dolphins. Current to the 4 p.m. slide. I know who it is. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. Please. I'm Tony will be a lot of fun. Puster of pain in anyway, right? Right. For the time being. But you have a don't you think that would be good? I do. Certainly not. It says however this shift is far less important than afternoon drive. I don't agree with that far less. It is less important than not far less. It's still an important piece of the puzzle. It's right in the middle of the daytime. Tom and Mad Dog is throwing in a couple of who I always had a couple of who longest number is those two to four hours always. That's it. Go. Right. QM and all likelihood will run the sporting news network overnight show as a leading to Goldberg. That's just plain wrong. Time. Whoever told you that was telling lies. Not that way of anybody at QM that tells lies. But we're just giving you crap. WQM channel manager to speak in a lie is Greg Reed declined to come out of the potential changes. Conversations are taking place. He said, but nothing has been a final on. Conversations are taking place. Oh yeah. Replacing theorem of the program that ends at 10 a.m. And we'll also see this is the part I don't like Tom. I take back most of what I said about yesterday being a nice guy. Because it makes it sound like I had something to do with this. I had nothing to do with it. Purely what it had to do with was the fact that like I've tried telling these people and they wouldn't listen to me. You know, the license becomes at risk when you start putting certain people on here when he is in software anyway. When you have the notorious FCC complainer living right in your midst. The unmentsenable one. Replacing theorem of the program that ends at 10 a.m. But also appease Neil Rogers. The station's biggest generator of ratings and revenue has been vocal and expressing this pleasure about having to start his program whenever Stern feels like ending his. Some days this is 11 a.m. or later. See what you don't understand Tom is now that I got that new deal going. I couldn't give a crap less. But that's okay. Because Tom just makes it up as he goes along. This is the second time in less than a year that Stern has been without an outlet in the money for a lot of it. It was dropped by big 105.9 FM and February and that's the situation of the FCC crack down on indecency after the Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction conference. Well, look at that Tom starting to get like more wind out. He's isn't big words in there. WPBC the buzz in Palm Beach. Restored Stern to Palm Beach market in July. The following month WQM and also was picking up the Sincrated program. The third time he's been without a bad bad mistake. A very serious error in judgment. Stern shocked the industry in October announcing he's abandoned the broadcast. For a serious satellite radio, when his contract expires at the end of 2005. The fact that he'll be leaving less than a year on doubtfully was a factor in WQM moving its move now, says little ball Tommy Jicken. So there it is. It's on a front page. Now, here's what man call Mueller is it Mueller, a Mueller, a Mueller, a Mueller, a Mueller, Mueller, you sure? Yes, he came to Don Mueller who used to play for the Giants. That's on Mueller. Who? How about Robert Mueller? Mueller. The FBI. Like the pasta. That's Mueller's. Is it Mueller? Yes. Man cow on Stern's move to satellite. He's lame. The New Yorkian news reports that his Howard Stern prepared the jump to a serious satellite radio. And old rival says, Stern just isn't good enough to make a broadcast show work in the new anti-Indecency climate. Chicago morning man, man cow on Mueller says of Stern. Here's a guy who claims to be a great champion of free speech. And he threw in the towel for money. He can paint it anyway he wants. The fact is he gave up. He doesn't have what it takes to work in this world. Man cow, I answered Stern likes real creativity saying that I think are you a lesbian or are those real is an easy way out. I do think what he does is easy. Anyone can do it. Mueller says he's optimistic. New generation of tacos who are agy without crossing in decency limits can keep broadcast radio as vital as ever. It's time for somebody new. He says of Stern. He's lame. Says man cow, Mueller, in Chicago. I didn't like that. And guess who was working with our with man cow our close personal friend. Give me one hand. What what what what what what what. Now is he still doing that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Who's he? I'm not sure. I don't think so. Who's had the most jobs in last five years in this business. It's got to be for real. And he sure moves around a little bit. Can't imagine why. Let's see. Here's a I'll still listen to Stern. He's available on the buzz. There's another one. Okay. Put that on a pole. I'll still listen to Stern on the buzz. Got it? Got it. Okay. Let's take a look and see how that pole is coming. Now we are going to do a thing about the best movie the year since everybody's doing there right now. I've only got about 400 names of movies. But we won't start with quite that many. Probably more like. But third man. Here's how to pull us coming so far. What's your take on hate gold bird replacing Stern on QM. I haven't even looked over to see it. Look at that. In ten minutes about 130 votes. That's that's shocking in it. I'm thrilled. Neil will be back to ten to two forty seven. I'm pissed. But I'll still listen to Neil twenty four. I'm pissed. I'm sure if QM and other twenty four. So let's see. That's 18.4%. We just kissing goodbye. I don't care. I don't listen before you anyway. Twenty one. And I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank sports nerd fan. Fourteen. Through. And we'll write in a couple more. Right. We are. Right. We are. Okay. So let's take four five thousand calls. They didn't see what the eye. This is quite a staggering moment. And I can say you would have thought that there would have been some comment about this. He spent his good part of his show. I'm told yesterday ripping a silly little broadcasting for not putting him back on here for airing Um. Um. Uh, open an Anthony when he was on high. He was those last two weeks of the wrong vacation. And then when he came back on yesterday live, didn't put a show back on on silly. So he spent the whole show or a good part of it. Vashing the crap out of them. I would have thought maybe tomorrow I'll have a batch of crap out of QM and the Vizilians. Something like that. You think? Maybe. I would think so. Maybe they should definitely bring VFA when now. There you go. There's an option we had in the VFA to do one. Did. There's worked with two to seven or two to four spot or something because it's like he was Everybody for one time. At least the guy talks about other things except dolphins and hurricanes football. He talks about boxing and he talks about all kinds of sports. Boxing. Yeah. Boxing. There's a lot of good boxing matches coming on. That's the art journal got. You can call him up. Talk to him about just about any sporting. I'm going to talk to John. Okay. That's what. I'll do that. You think too that they're getting rid of Howard now. I'm figuring that they're probably not going to have to pay him past June. I'm going to go. Go probably off the air by June because you're not going to infinity. He's not going to let him spend the last six months with contract talking about serious and everything. No. I do a good thing to get real nervous with a flag they're getting the fall off from that having to show on the air. Even if he moved all the dumps that they've been everything. He just hasn't cut back on the crap and he doesn't understand. I don't know why he keeps doing it. And what's the point? Yeah. He's probably trying to get thrown off sooner because then he can go. Yeah. I think he's doing a good job of that. Yeah. We won't put it here anyway. We'll put the air you're right. And it's synodal. Those six markets will put the default on there. Good. Thanks. But I don't know we're going to put him on there. We'll do a pull on there. We've got all kinds of pull. Yeah. We've got to who should do five to seven in the morning. Who should do two or four on the afternoon? Does anybody give a crap? All that stuff. I'm curious to see the results of that word. One thing, you know, I always thought that this station was in Florida. You know, but now realize we're in a state of flux. That's with an L. Okay. Yeah. The movie coming up. We're in a constant state of flux. It just never ends. It just goes on and on. In fact, reminds me of that. Let me do it. Yeah. If you only hear one song this fall over and over and over again. This is the song to hear over and over and over. Yeah. It reminds me of that. It's just never ending so pop-up. Wait till I tell the story about how Greg you're lying to me about that country. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I think I should tell it on the ear. Don't you? Sure. I thought Terence was going to like pass out in the fore when I told him that. Let me just tell you one thing, boys and girls about our general manager, Greg Reed. When you shake his hand on any kind of a deal, you may be wearing one of them rubber gloves. One of them latex gloves. You know the kind I'm talking about? Yes, I do. The kind of part of us uses before he starts inserting into your actom. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Yes, sir. Can I be in the ear? You're on the ear right now. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a rabbit stern, Mr. Right. Before when he got kicked off of the other station, I used to listen to him in the interim on the internet. Right. So I'm not going to really lose anything. I really don't care about the sport, so on the internet. Yeah. I mean, there's a place on the internet that you can listen to stern. Right. It's not easy, but you can't really can do it. Yeah. So that's what I do. I mean, from the Phil Henry days, when I used to listen to him and you and when you used to have that wonderful line up on that other station, I mean, I've been abused so much by the local radio stations. Are you sure? I've been abused by all the local radio stations that I'm in. I'm numb. I'm numb. It's amazing. How many times have I said, will a crap ever hit the ground? Will ever come down and just settle for like a few months or a year, just get one to one a grumb and it just never stops the re-gurgitation of the talent? Right. Well, I think you and Phil and like this and everybody else who has anything that people want to listen to, they should really just all be on satellite. I have satellite TV more than be happy to pay 12 bucks a month to listen to wherever I want to listen to. Anytime I want to listen to them. And that's it. And just get off of this quote and quote public air waves and cut, you know, what and get serious and do it real stuff. Well, see, they made some overtures to me, but they were like two nanny, panny, wish you washy and you're not going to be. But I'm just not interested in that. In other words, if you're really going to do something, be a little more specific. You don't have to put like dollars and cents on the table, but give me an indication, give me a sign. You know, give me a high sign that you're going to do something and they just didn't do that. They did it around in my side of, I don't know if that thing's really going to fly. I remember I was like a sure thing. If this day to my life, if I was younger and more adventurous, I hop right on that fanwagon. But I'm just too old for that crap. Yeah. Well, you know, I don't want to be Marco Polo with the age of 100. But I love your show to be honest with you. The bottom line is, I think that's, I think, starting as a 100% correct. That's the way of real talent. All the real talent is going to go into. You have a little bit of, let me ask you something. See, that's interesting because who are, I've been saying this to a lot of people. Who are the people that are going to be on with him? I have no idea. Most of the people on traditional radio are under contract. So who, he's got three stations to fill up on there on serious. Who's he going to put on? Well, look at it this way. Stern gets most of his talent right out of the gutter. You know, from all the rack packers and stuff like that. Yeah. He gets all these freaks. Yeah. I don't think too many people are going to pay the listen to the R.D. show or the, Yeah. Yeah. And I'm saying, so he's got his work cut out. Well, let me tell you this, much I'd rather listen to you, Neil. Then listen to, with that psychic ears. Oh, the bird? Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Thanks, pal. And they me know your name, George. That's hard. Well, I mean, now I take a retool of the shot at George. Of course you'd rather listen to me, George. No, Neil. Okay, George is George. He's going to find a stellar job. Every show that he does, including noon to two today. He's going to be doing great. Once I pretend to my throat is acting right. Now, sir, I don't understand why they feel I have to take a retool at your job. Not you. Well, they're not supposed to be me. And we don't need a lot of these. There's so many Neil want to be. And this business you, I mean, oh, God. I'm so sick and tired of that. The pain, the pain, the pain, the pain. They're there. They're poor man's Neil Rogers imitation. Can't handle it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're going to get a lot of votes on this pull man. This is, this is the kind of stuff that they get all whipped up. But why not? It's on the radio. You clowns. It's a radio thing. There's two things that they want to hear about is sex and radio. And that's it. Right? Right? We can't talk about sex anymore. So let's just do a radio show about radio. Yeah. Plenty of material. Maybe we should like postpone the adrenaline. Get Eric out to buy another shave. Especially after we, um, he flipped his van the other day during the holidays with Advancement of the people with his whole family and my guess. That's you. I'm sorry, is this you be? What's he driving a gas goes against you? Because he got a big bear away. Those of us who have children. He doesn't have that Japanese wife. So he said, the kind of landed on a funny plant. The van. The SUV. That's just a little joke. Eric, don't take that person. He's got a sense of humor. And if he doesn't too bad. But I would think, maybe we got to do the movie things that are on Thursday. I agree. We know the whole thing. See, I didn't know that the jikka thing was going to show up today. I've known about this other deal for a couple of days. A few days. That of course it was top secret. See, they always tell me something top secret and don't, don't, don't read the word of it. And then next thing I know it's always in the newspaper. Right. Which I will say this. It's amazing. They're very jackass. Totally missed this. Nice. God. Very. I guess mama didn't decorate the, uh, a bloody sandwich this morning. Because we'll Tommy jikahab the, the scoop in a son settle. Very jackass. He's right in a bunch of laying crap. Have nothing to do with the big story of the year. I would say this is one of the big radio stories in the year when you certainly. Steering comes on QM and now steered. So let's see August 16 he came on and the date next Monday is the 10th of January. So let's see September October November a little less than four months. For all I think was on about the same period of time. That's all about right. Here's my message to management. Don't put any more of that kind of radio on a radio station. Okay. We don't care what else you put on. Don't put that kind in other words like Michael said in Godfather three. So ever give that kind of order again. Remember that scene? Let do. And he looked at Connie and she just kept looking at him and he kept looking at, okay. You understand? Yes. Yes. I love her. Tanja Sharish. She's really good. She is. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on WQM. I'm sure that most people who don't read the newspaper are hearing this for the first time right now. Since they didn't hear it about Howard showed this morning. And I don't have any feelings about Stern. I haven't had any problem other than the fact. You see, they can make all kinds of accusations or claims that they want. The fact of the matter is they entered into a bogus deal here. Everybody involved. This show was attended to show, okay. You can't have two shows, simultaneously overlapping. And they went ahead and did it behind my back, which is not why he's going off. And spread it what Jika implies in the article there. Although I am pleased that at least the audience does want to help the show start now. If they would have just carried right from the beginning of the show six to ten, then that would have been fine as far as I'm concerned. As far as the FCC matters are concerned, is that any shock in South Florida? No. How do you know anything about the history of the last 15, 20 years in South Florida radio? And certain individuals out there who are self-appointed moral sensors did determine what you can hear or what people can say, etc. and so on. And who have no life so they spend all their lives writing letters to the FCC. Complaining about things that they didn't even hear. Anybody should have known that. But oh no, it was very intriguing. Remember that line? It was intriguing. How intriguing is it now, Greg? 289 votes. I can't believe this. Can you? I believe it. It's a hot day. 25 minutes. Huh? It's an important issue. What's your take on Hank replacing Sturacum? I'm thrilled. It'll be back to 10 to 25. I'm pissed. But I'll still listen to the 39. Thank you. I'm pissed. I'm through with 2m36, 16.3% Our pissed off and fired up. And they're going by by after a Friday. I don't care. It'll listen before you're anyway. 33. 25. Hank blows and I will listen only five. Ask those to the Sturacum to buzz. 3. Out of 220 votes. A staggering total. If you ask this old Fag. Ask your efforts to stagger until. Yes. Jim and Pegger Pines. I wanted to pass along to you with a great job. George, why do you seem to hear you go? He's always entertaining. I'm sorry to hear your station is fluxed up. Happy New Year to you, Jim and Pegger Pines. Thank you so much. Good. Oh. Well, survive as long as I have my horsemen to lift this. Yeah, we'll have to do a pool at noon. This pool is good enough. I guess we'll keep this one on the whole day, right? No, I think we should switch it at noon. I don't know what we're doing for two to three. No, no. All right. Tomorrow. Okay. Even time to think about it. Okay. And I'm not joking when I say this and I'm not sucking up to him. All that we did had that two minute bonding there right before the Hawking. This is the open scoundrel funny. Maybe he was prudgeon. Maybe he knew something was coming. So this is fake, yeah. But I think two to four for him would be fine. See, at least. I don't know how to say this directly, but at least he's a real broadcaster. Okay. You know what I mean? Even maybe a jackass and he may piss a lot of people off the floor. He's a character. He now is not the original Howard David. He's the a chemo. He finally flipped his living over to that pasty wing. Lots of weight. Lost a little bit of weight. Walks around dressed even a lot bigger than I do. And I used to be coming try like a beer real guy. I say, mo two to four. Okay. Listen to me. For once in your spink and lives, listen to me. Please. The mole man. Right? Right. Even George agrees. What about Josh? Yeah, sure. What are you on? You better watch it. If he turns on you man. He'll sit on your ass like he'll squash you like a net. Okay. Okay. Huh? Said okay. Two to four then. Yeah. What was your suggestion, being Mr. High-Chad Mr. Programming expert? What do you got? I don't think so. Please don't tell me the big. Huh? No. Oh. Not Joe's a ganky. Boop. Are you telling me Joe's a ganky? No. No. I don't know. Yeah. Dave Van Boring. No. The boobmeister. I would go for that. The boobmeister can't do it. He's going to be doing baseball starting in April. Well, there you go. What are your other choices? Depot. It's time to talk about acceptance capital mortgage and everyone's main man Anthony Kelly Endo. Whether you're buying a new house or we're financing, we're going to get cash out or just paying down your debt. Acceptance capital mortgage will show you the way to get it done. Acceptance capital specializes in just about any situation. They'll get it done. One of those can't do it. 100% financing, often arms, new construction loans, investment commercial properties. Check out acceptance capital stress free mortgage payment program. Pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month. With a ticket paid program. No income verification is even necessary. And your credit score doesn't determine you're a proof of either. Like all of the programs because of acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people. Look at us. In most cases you can pull out cash, pay off all your debts and still pay less free mortgage payment every month. So call Anthony Kelly Endo. And acceptance capital to then find out why he's everybody's main man. That's acceptance capital mortgage column toll free today. 1, Triple 8, 4, 8, 3 loan. That's 1, Triple 8, 4, 8, 3, L, O, A, and. This is the new Rogers. This is the new Rogers show. This is your blame. Any questions? We all know glons have more fun. And the blonger you are, the better time you'll have. That's why this station is going to make you as long as you can get. Because this station is going to make you an alphino. Alphino. Alphino. Think guide and pretty. That's right. We'll leave you all the people down at your skin with corrosive chemicals. Then we'll bleach your hair and expose you to ultraviolet light. Now those are your eyes, sir. Think and blister. All of the name of summer. These are 10th color. Which we hear this sound. And you'll be an Alphino. Alphino. Station employees and their families are not eligible to become albinos. Johnny and Edgar Witter and other real albinos are also in Alichibolt because this procedure will render them transparent. Blons have four fun. But Alphino is at the most fun of all people listening for your chance to win. It's 11.03 or 5.16. WDQ. I'm happy new year too. We got mad dog at two. We got the Humper at the Orange Bowl at four. And then we got the Orange Bowl pregame show at seven o'clock tonight. We're going to milk this baby. All we can from Fortal, midnight. And then eight to midnight. It's Oklahoma and USC. OJ is going to be at the game. Anybody out there at T.P. Park might want to take a peek at OJ. Maybe chase them around a little bit. See how fast you can move. And then you got the Orange Bowl postgame show at that. I said from Fortal, afternoon to one in the morning. Eight, nine hours. And that great. We got to pregame. We got OJ gets chased up and down a field show. Well, I would love to see. I'd love to see somebody just, you know, either like, fitness phase or P on a shoulder do something. Oh, he's probably going to be up there in one of them boxes. You know, where he's protected. When you think, or he'll be safe. Where he'll be safe. Exactly. Just like Michael. Anyway, if you just do it in because you're one of those people. Thanks to short starts over clock this morning. Guess what? Starting Monday, we go back to 10 o'clock. That's number one and number two. You must have most important news of your life. To man. That was a good one. Well, I'm not going to start all over again. Are you kidding me? I got to, if I didn't have the recipe throat, I might be tempted to do that. You think I have to read the Jick or column again? You got to read the whole column. Just to hit the highlights. Well, it's not that long anyway. Hit the highlights. Yeah, I'm not going to read the part about appeasing the aridges. I don't like that. I'm piezed off about that time. I'm a little bit of piezed off. It just makes it sound so, you know, like I have something like I'm pulling the strings. I had a hard enough time when I go shading my own deal. But I weren't about how it's during the hangover. Okay. I had enough time dealing with these grave robbers trying to get in that time. If you could even begin, one of the things that they wanted to put in there, among the 85,000 different clauses for firing my ass, one of the things that they wanted to stick in there was contributing to a harmonious environment and a station. That means you got to carry it to. They could fire us and spend me for in subordination. Seriously, it was a laundry list for as long as you're arm of idiotic things. And of course, the answer to all of them was, no way. Are you people crazy what we already know the answer to that? Anyway, what's this facts about? It says, spikonsons of the perfect morning lead in. Well, what does that mean? No, no, no, no. The heaps. It's not really looking up. Faxing and okay, the vanskiz family out there. And happy you, whatever your celebrating, best kids family. Happy banana boat. No, seriously. I mean, what does that? Keep hanging out with me. No, it's already a done deal. Hank is already, although it sounds kind of strange to me where Tom Zickus says, Well, Hank expects to be getting a happy raise. If he has not already done the deal, don't do it, man. Don't do it. That isn't just a suggestion. That is an urgent plea. Do not do anything until you have it engraved in stone. And I'm not talking by any flunky, so we shake your hand with a phony handshake. And that like the mason's had that phony handshake, the secret. It's alright. This is the rest of the country. Don't be by an ad. Get it in stone. Get engraved by what are the big shots from the beesley corporation. Don't take anybody else's word over there. Believe me. Anyway, Tom Zickus writes, well, let's say we got Kylie Baxes on a beat of current today. She's looking just fine. And did not really go through the thing about who she is and she was on stern. It was here and she's in a few marginal mason. They didn't really come at that. She's got huge, humongous boobies, okay? And if you're already 855 and you got 17 notes from your daddy and grand daddy and grand mom, everybody else and all your neighbors too, then maybe take your quick peek. She's in one of her hands. She's in one of her table. Anyway, Tom Zickus writes, Goldberg takes over stern slide. Hey, stupid. WWE QM is wrapping the hammer on Howard Stern. As of Monday's Stern show will disappear from the sports station, replaced by new program hosted by Hank Goldberg, who most from after and drive. Unlike most morning drive programs, Goldberg will sign on at 7am. Goldberg ain't notorious night owl and club hopper said there's no way he could be early enough to be on here. It's a normal 6am sturning time. Goldberg who said he expects to have the race on its expected, Hank get it, on its expected. Get it, in writing, have it notarized four times every word. It says to become a slave of the armplock and there isn't enough money to give me to do a 6am program, which means you got to get up 4-3 in a morning. I don't see that much difference to you. Really? He's still going to have to get up like a 5-3 in a morning to a 7. Goldberg's mobile necessity changes throughout the schedule. It's a good thing to do with the game. I'll say this. I just gone down because I did that morning since either the one year. And the one good thing is you get to go to the track every afternoon if you want. There you go. Nice. Did I mention yesterday congratulations to my close friend Phil Salzman on an outstanding career in 20 years of color races to call it. I did that one said again. Love your Phil. Good man. And it says, go at Hank's mobile necessity changes throughout the schedule. Jim managed logical choice to take over for Hank 4-7 and Yadiyah. And again, keep in mind that this is going to be the new schedule. And we never did get the Friday schedule from Clarence did we? No, it's probably out there a while. I got to go find it. Clarence, we don't have the Friday schedule. Are you loser? You simple then. And quick, moving your crotch around. It says WQM will also likely run the sporting news network overnight. I chose lead in the Goldberg. That is absolutely incorrect. I've told them and begged them and pleaded them. Nobody's going to be listening to the sporting news radio. That is the lamest piece of turd that's ever been dropped. Then Tom writes WQM general manager Greg Reed declined to comment on the potential changes. Conversations are taking place he said, but nothing has been finalized. Oh God. I wonder if he was shaking somebody's hand. Tom's hand went to them there. I wonder if he was squeezing it. So we're taking a poll on this. I think this poll is a strong enough, especially the response of again. We might have like 3,000 votes on this by tomorrow. And at least having a poll up there makes it's a lot. Now what are we going to do about those billboards? Yeah, there were some handringons and such going on. What do you mean by that? Well, they got to be replaced. They got to come now. No. You see, I don't know if you're aware of this. I'm sure you are. But there are those billboards where they have certain like little strips where they say something where you can super even like right. You're sure something altered them right. In other words, it could say like where it says the Rogers right after Howard Stern or what it was just a very tiny print. It could say 10 to 2. It could. It could say that it could be altered. The the make for those doesn't look like it. It lends to that like a lot of overlapping of words. Leave me by that. Like Howard Stern and everything like all the words are overlapping on each other. So it might take some doing to do that. Yeah. Well, and then they're going to have to do it because it's going to go to hell. I'll say I did see all the of writing those billboards when I was in town. Good placement on it. They looked okay. They said the one right behind the tree that you can't see they have to be like in a helicopter to see it. Maybe we could bar Jeff Cohen's in the helicopter he uses. How's pony tail doing by the way? He's fine. How do you know Dan called me over the holidays? He called you one. He called you on the air? No, no. And home on my cell phone. For what? To say happy holidays blah blah blah. Yeah. Let's see. Here's what taxes from from Greg Reed. I know Greg couldn't spell his own name by the way. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. With 3G's. It says you can have Rick and so do two to four in the following format. Computers have an hour Rick stock talk. Start start start start. Start start. And it goes in making killer rest of the time. Making taking calls and giving numbers. That's bad. I think somebody's trying to tell us they don't like Rick and Scott. We like sons. We don't like Rick at all. He's no George Lies about. We don't like Rick much at all. We don't have too much use for him anymore. Since he became a stock market guru. So anyway, here's the poll that we're taking right now. And then home movie thing. We're going to have to shove that back toward the ass in the week. Okay. We got plenty of time for that. Yes. Right? I think it's going to go away. Right. But it's it don't be there. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern next Monday on WQM. See what I started to say before before you interrupted me about the billboards. Was. No, seriously. At least have keeping this up all day. At least it. Because the two to four thing is another issue. Right. So it publicizes the fact that the audience will know that there's a very significant change going to take place. And it won't be like, Oh, gee. How come we didn't know about it? Well, there it is right there. Anybody who looks at our website will say, Oh, look at this. Something's going to happen. I'm thrilled. You will be back to 10 to two. 104. 34. And a half percent. We're thrilled. Big kiss for that crowd. I'm pissed. But still isn't a meal. 48. Two kisses for that crowd. Even though they're pissed off, they're going to still stick with us. I don't care. It doesn't be 40. Anyway. 46. I'm pissed. I'm sure WQM. 46. 15. 2 percent. And all we can say about those people is, I'm sorry. Right. Thanks for the memories. And I have a great life. I'm so so so so much so so so I feel so honored. Thank you. Thank you. I will listen only 10. I'll still listen. Turn on the buzz. nine. 301 votes. I would say it's been like 351. About 30, 7 minutes. How many or you have 300 one votes? Are you shocked? And amazed. And, um, you've thrilled. And I bet you've got a whole bunch of people calling, too. But we have business today. She walks started, look after carnage, what did they do wrong? Spreading our freedom, rape of a theater, month to zero done. A rack of a song, one queer to within I ride, win all the vibe. It's quite the shardies that attract. Murdering bodies, our friends' facilities, we have been to tank. Now that they own through their children, the flow of weakness is anything. That's in the sky, what queer to within I ride, win all the vibe. The bush, the old car ride, man. Christians, women talk about sin as we lose for each other. I'm thinking that what you hear said that everything's okay. Okay. I know what sin to find, everything's fine. Hey, what's on TV tonight? We're from this vision of television, who we're not a thing. We're capital, here's our entertainment, we're from the two countries. In this entire universe, if I come back, let's live on the river we've lost. Let's practice more, listen, say this boy and you trying to go one more. That's inside, what queer to within I ride, win all the vibe. We're the bush, the old car ride, man. Yes, being a peanut, what's that fat ass governor of ours doing over there with the colon pal? They're an Indonesian now. Your fat ass governor is over there in Indonesia, grand standing, put not a big dog and pony show. So I guess we're also going to have to see I'm in my mind thinking, if I were to, if you ask me right now, I'm thinking that default is going to be their choice. Because they already made another dishonest deal with default, instead they were going to put him out in the morning before they put sternon. Remember that? Yes. And then all of a sudden default wasn't going to return phone calls. See, that's generally when you do business with QAM. They offer you a job, but they pretend they're going to give you a job. And then they just don't return your phone calls, which is probably a good idea that you ought to be doing something else. In other words, don't hold your bread. So that's what I'm thinking I'm probably doing. If I had my brothers though, I still think, Oh, don't, don't, don't be far beyond. You know, in Iowa, that corn grows very tall. And I guess it's delicious. I do like I had some barbecue corn when I was down in the house. Well, good barbecue. Yeah, good. Oh, yeah, I'm a grill. You have a very nice gas grill. See, guys, I do. To bed about that guy, I can't come in and suicide. Remember that? Oh, that one. Oh, yeah. Yeah. From the grill company. Yeah, remember that? I thought it was a robbery, but I could be wrong. No. Come on, it's suicide. I believe. I could be wrong about that. Anyways, I might have liked the, what's the amount of the grill place in a fountain shop? That's right next door to Omaha, Stakes, and right right also next door to two days. And right kitty corner around the corner from the puppy place. You're like psychic. Far from the farm. Far who's the Lord? That's it. I'm second. About one. But two days, Berkeley just came in five seconds ago and gave me a, a little note in a coupon for two days. Yeah. He said, we ought to have them on as a sponsored Berkeley because I love that place. That is outstanding. I'm taking your coupon. Take you. Have a good time. I'm telling you, it's right up there. You know where it is. I do know. You drive into the mountains there and there's there. You'll be steering right in the main entrance there. We look at right at Omaha Stakes and then just to the left of that. As you're facing it, just to the left is two days. Big ass place to fantastic. I got there a menu right here. I don't want to get you like salivating to late. They have grape-potetta pancakes. They have chocolate of the clears. They got rogaloft. They got grape desserts. Which I didn't have any of those. I don't know why. What a great menu they got. But the desserts. Wow. I mean the breakfasts. The omelette I had was so good. I can't even describe it. More of the best things I ever put in my mouth in my life. Okay. So anyway, depo and mo and yati, yati, yati, yati, and this, there's stuff that will go on all week long. Which is good. Kilsen time as we kind of like move our way back in the new year, right? We need that. Sure. We need to have something to sync our teeth into. Maybe I'm guess what? I just look out the window here in the sun shining. Oh my god. I didn't realize there was still a blue sky in the world. It's blue skies in the sun shining. I bet it's pretty toasty here too. If Captain O was listening to you loser. Looser. It is a, you know, temperature is about 30 man. It's 0.32. And then nice. That's a nice temperature. 32. Could all of us know when it's a washed away. They're in a flake on the ground. There's a few flakes walking around. Spurs him change, Mr. A. No. That's the one thing that's about the only thing here. I can say that's negative. We said the really nasty days in the wintertime. Other than that, it's paradise. But the homeless man. I'm talking about the crazy ones. I wanted to call it. Follow you around on the street. Spurs him change. And if you say no, like if they start spewing here, I mean. And then you feel very much redeemed that you didn't give many money. Because there are a bunch of more runs anyway. A bunch of spazoles. 560, 0560, pound 560, univerrisen, and singular wireless lines. We're going to expect a tacit response on this. A shocking development in the history of radio today. Right on the heels of my son and my tear extension. And let me just say this. You people in FMQB, the guy you're head so far of students asked that it's coming out of his earlobes. You missed this story. It's in a sun-centalist morning losers. Radio ink, radio and records. All the websites of the industry. Somehow they missed this. Even though it's in the front page of the sun-cental in Fort Lauderdale. It's supposedly major market newspaper. Man, are you people behind the old times? WQAM, hello. You did a sun-centalist blow? Yes, sir. You know, there's a Q and Q and M stand for flagmire. No, stands for queer. All right. Fine. Yeah, now we're not a quag. My quag might be like stuck in Quicksand. We're constantly like a tsunami. Right? Yeah, this place is just like the panther of a tsunami. Everything is always up in the ear and flying around. And nothing ever comes down and touches the ground. That's what I'm thinking. The Q and M stand for Queens. 560, 0560, pound 560, univerrisen, singular. I don't know. Maybe you're right. I don't want to do it. I want to look at tomorrow. All right. Well, I mean, there are, are there that many choices from two to four? No, there are. That many, but it's important that we're doing it. I mean, Josh Curtis there, he didn't seem to be too excited about my idea. You know, I think it was kind of disappointing. Absolutely. That he wasn't like right on the old mobile bandwagon. Mobile bandy. Should I be? Well, if you got a better idea, I'm well-indulous. No, I don't. You mean, what about default? You like default one here? No. Corn. Corn man. Can corn. All those corny cliches and, you know, 500 large and living large. You know, I, people to me, Steve Nichol destroyed him. He used to be a pretty good guy. And then he even turned into a jackass. Not only not all that good on the year, but just not even. Just not a good guy. He's a batch diver. I absolutely want to puke. Yeah, that's right. Just the idea of him being on after us and being part of 10 to three words. We've already, we already know what we're doing with there. Right? But at least we can have some fun with him. He's supposed to know fun. Oh, he can't be. That's what I heard. Well, yeah, that's not what Debbie told me. You were as close. And then one of her rear loosen moments. 567. That's it. 567. 560. 560. For us in singular wireless line. How many QA and hello? The OAM. Yes, sir. How you doing man? Great. Never met her man. Glad to have you back. Glad to be back. Happy New Year and all that. Listen, George did a good job. George, will they find job? Hey, I want to just give you my two cents worth if you have a moment. Take your time man. Take all the time you want. Take your time. Okay. First off is Greg Reed. How does that guy keep his job? That's what I want to know. Making pictures. I got him. I'm convinced that through this latest debacle that I had with him. I don't even have to break into the audience slowly because if I told you this story, you'd have to think I was making up. You couldn't believe that anybody could be that debius. I think I could at this point. But you know, the guy had the perfect set up when he had Joe Rose in the morning. You were all alone. Right. We were getting that we were kicking ass. It was perfect. I mean, for me, I'm a 45 year old male. I like sports. I like talk radio. It could have been perfect. Howard, I mean Howard, what's his name? Stern. How long can you listen to, you know, about lesbian, and the Joker's stripper in sets dual people? You know, you can only listen to that so long. But the bottom line is, is now, you know, me personally, I'll listen to Joe until you come on. Right. That all listen to you. Don't forget Monday. I mean, it's 10 o'clock. Yeah, no. I know you're back to 10 now. So I'll listen from Joe from 8 to 10. You from, you know, and then you, and then the mad dog, and I got to tell you, I would rather hear defoe, I think, because I don't think, you know, go over again, not go over, go to school, and go to Moe Hour Day, but they, you know, they shouldn't even be allowed to talk into a microphone in my mind. Well, I got news for it. And they're not working together. I guarantee you that. No, I mean, separately, ever. I mean, under Joe's, I'd rather listen, you're going to love this. I'd rather hear the big old than either of them. I'm listening. And I'd like to go that much. Yeah, right. You know, it's just, that's the way it is, man. Okay. And hopefully they'll work it out, so it's, you know, worthless and a dude, but he got me, man. Your comments are doing, you know, the thanks a lot, Paul. Have a great day. Take care, buddy. See you. So you need to feel strongly about this kind of stuff. Okay, this is their life. This is their meeting, pretend is they turn on that radio. Okay, radio, radio. And I like the way I, man, co-sit to run it away from it is not the answer. And I'm not saying that if they wouldn't have given me big bucks, I wouldn't have, I had a hopped on that serious bandwagon right away, but there are too much, but it'd be, but you know, that would that. But running away from traditional radio is saying, well, let's talk to it. Yeah, right. Because we can't play fart sounds. I mean, how embarrassing would that be? If I were that childish, it might advance age to say, oh, we can't play fart sounds, anymore. I'm going to go to satellite radio. I can get my fart sounds back. After you heard of fart sounds, if, in fact, the only fart sounds that are ready to tending are your own, and especially if you're alone, when you're alone, glass in some real rippers, man, that's fun, right? Right. What a night hour the other day. Oh, man. Oh, I still say that's one of life's grave pleasures. If you haven't indulged in that, cutting the cheese in the shower and a hot steamy shower, and just inhaling and enjoying and basking in it, what could what could be better? Well, I will say this when I go out there to woodbind these people fart when you're standing with a, oh, you're sitting playing machine and somebody's standing over your shoulder. That's a different story. You tend to, you tend to deter your shoulder and say, cut the crap, and of course you wonder if maybe they just did. 28 past 11 at 5, 60, see there we go again with that kind of stuff. Sorry, Joyce. It was a real picnic by the way, don't visit this with this, we are. Yeah, all man. And I want, I just want, I'm not blinding, I'm not complaining, I got myself a good deal, but I will say this. I had no vacation. If anybody thinks that I had, oh, that was a pretty long vacation, you're right. I took care of this morning, how long that negotiation went on after we found out we had been lied to and lived on the garden path by Mr. Rubber Glove there, by the pathologist at QAM. And he couldn't believe it. You couldn't believe it. I couldn't. But even with these snakes, even with these great robbers, who could believe that kind of garbage going on? And it should have been like throwing them off a cliff man to the automatic. You want two more years, you just want a few of those days back in the summertime and the little sign in bonus which believed me wasn't that big of a deal. Won't change my life. Here you go. It's all over. We're static. No, we want you to do this and we don't want, we want to have a harmonious atmosphere. We want to fire you for in subordination. If you look at Greg Cross-eyed, if you say, up your right. I'll also, they wanted to put a bunch of suspension stuff in there too, you know. Listen up, people like Jeffrey, Gloria, and Wayne, and Alan Cohen, and those sports nerd people. Now, let me ask you this. Here's another poll we could take later in a week. Who will fill in for a hankin' in moreingly, this is next suspension? 29 after 11 at 5, 60, WQM, to dear and less than 50,000 bucks last year, if your answer is yes, then it definitely is time for a career change. Pick up the photo call fast train at 1-866 fast train, because fast-rankin' Abut train ready for that new high paying career is little as four months. That is correct. Fast train offers high demand, high-paid career training. If you like computers, ever thought of becoming a computer network professional, call fast train to day toll-free 1-866 fast train. The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high-end fast-rankin' Abut train ready for that new career, and as little as four short months, what's not to like. The demand for the train's got locations that are convenient to be through their entangled, Miami, Pember Pines, and Fort Lauderdale. Fast train offers job placement, financially for people to qualify. They evening weekend classes is forming right now, so call fast train, and change your life in a mighty positive way for the new year. Call toll-free 1-866 fast train. For the center, Neil Roger, on the first school of September, on 560-60. A QAM. All drums are, yes. And you know what? I am just a fantastic guy. Really terrific. Terahot in Vienna. Hello. Hi Larry. Mr. Trump, would you evict a widow on Christmas Eve? If you meant you could make an extra buck or two? I would do that in a heartbeat. There's no question about it. I would love to do that. Thaam humbog. Sit down Alasca. Hello. Donald, we're having an affair with Doklinton. Yes, I was. Actually, what's going on? Well, what's going on? Thought out, Larry. In fact, are you the put up with that Trump? No. Larry, you have fired. Okay. So are you glad you had sex with Clinton or do you regret it? Somebody asked me the other day, would you have done bill again in the inches? Absolutely, yes. He's better than I anticipated. There's your exclusive Larry Trump's stump, not just for women. So, Gaze can use it too. Gaze can have it to us when he hears it. I'm sure they'll love it. Clarkston, Michigan, hello. Donald, I don't know when to know. What's up with that? Here it is. I thought that it's just one really long spend of there. Repdrand or head several thousand times. Is that true? Of course. Well, that's true, Larry. Will you please inform the public? You better, I will. Thank you. Very, we children, sit on it. You've been happy. Okay. Tomorrow. It's morning, report. Plyse is still noon. And nobody even told us about the really big story. Well, the other one is probably the biggest. But Armandle, so you're right. I'll tell you, very jackass man. You follow my hard times. Even mommy and could have pecked it on more below. And she sandwiches. If you don't butcher up, you are missing the big stuff. Armandle, Salgera. Salgera, whatever his name is. Well, you're people. Jackson, the hero this morning. Dolphins, will we? The 790 ESPN question mark? How do you like that? Did you see this story? From the weekend, I think it is. No, from Saturday. Well, people were talking about it over the weekend, so. What people do you know we're talking about this? Miguel. I think it's kind of obvious. Kind of obvious what? Well, they took the QAM banner on the scoreboard down and now there's a 790 ESPN radio on it. Oh, no. Well, my God. The Dolphins are brokering a deal. But would move the team's radio broadcast from their current radio station, 560 WQM, to 790 ESPN radio next season. And Armandle, Salgera, continues. He says that Dolphins, I discussed for a week and any good eight year of association with their current flagship station, 560 WQM. The club in 790 ESPN still on details. It must be worked out. And lawyers must still truth and approve the contract before it can be signed. Dolphins, outer Wayne, a high-zinger must also agree with the switch and one objectionable detail can cause him to scrap the deal. But a major portion of the negotiations have already been completed agreed to in principle, according to sources close to the talks, part of the deal with guaranteed that offensive being the only team who's broadcast would air on 790 ESPN. Currently, the Dolphins are one of 14's. The Marlins, the Panthers, one of their games on. You know what they are. And the Hurricanes and the others, whose games are broadcast in WQM. Another part of the deal still being worked out would make the Dolphins an active partner with the new station, a partner. Some of the details that have not been agreed upon include the status of play by playman Howard David, and cover analyst Jim Mandage because both have contracts with WQM and the Dolphins. David's contract with the station is spares before the start of next season, but Mandage is the old runs beyond that. And he also has a debut talk show in WQM. That creates a conflict to him to broadcast on one station and ensure on another. But that detail was termed negotiable by sources. But what does that mean? We have any idea what that means? Nope. It says, vowing a last minute snag, a deal could be signed within the next month of source said. Another source said the toss between the Dolphins in the 790 ESPN are so far along. It's unlikely WQM would make a last minute pitch to retain the team. The Dolphins decline comment Friday on the possibility it could be switching stations. We're not going to come when negotiations stand and a state where close to signing was one particular outlet or another is premature to the club send this statement. Do any QM general manager Greg Reed did not return a message on his office voice mail of course. And he has PN majority owner Joel Feinberg was out of town unavailable. He was spinning his cradle. Negotiations between the Dolphins in 790 ESPN are going for several weeks. Even as there's been little communication between the club and few Amber presenters, one source said that often initially it set the price of their broadcast rights at 4.5 million. The price was deemed too high by WQM. If a deal is finalized with 790 ESPN, it will not reach the 4.5 million figure source said. If WQM loses it often, CSPN could mark a shift in power among South Florida sports talks stations from the longstanding station to a fledgling station. It's been on the air for less than six months. A switch might also affect WQM's ability to so advertising for the 4-hour pre-game show that precedes it often, games into our post game show. Yaddi, yaddi and a partridge in a pair of three. It's kind of interesting, but to turn it around, ESPN television cares their own pre-game NFL show on Sundays. Do they not? Do they carry any of those games in the daytime? No. No, they do not. And yet they still have their own pre-game show. It all shows another fault or all that they managed to sell, even though they're not carrying the game itself. Plus the fact that all the NFL games are on serious makes it that much less advertising. Plus after a 4-12 season, good luck to them selling spots. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Good luck to them making that 4-1-1 in back. But when you got to deep pockets like Joel Firmberg and those other yadlach that own next days. They got some big bucks. This is the first time that QM's been on. I mean, the people with the fan 5-90 that was a joke. And then of course that other thing that what's that other station 14 17 in 1990, whatever it is on the dot. That's another farce. And then of course it was 9-40. How many weeks did that last? How many days? About 30 minutes. That's it about 30 hours that thing. WRFX and as people did it once again. Then all of a sudden we woke up one day. It was WRZ again. Scare America. Talk about man. It's like revolving door. One day the call letters are this the next day of some. And I'm not not in cheap channel man as much as they deserve it because who the hell are we to be. Casting a spursions at anybody else, right? Right. I think my voice is coming back. I think I duck my way out of it. Well, sometimes you have to like do that. You have to work through the among. That's right. You have to work through the mong. Especially when you're working for this job. So we got Hank is going to be doing morning starting Monday. We think we have no idea who's doing before. Hang for a couple hours. We have absolutely no idea who's doing to the club. Probably be default because he's he's just always like hanging around hanging around. Hang in there right now. By the way, Norma, if you get default on 2-4 I'm going to put a stop him on that check. I don't want to be too to 4. I want to do everything in my power. Not that I have any control whatsoever. I don't want him on there as part of our. If it was like you know, 5-7 in the morning, that would be good. Right? Sure. They could go out and water the corn the rest of the day. Too much corn, man. Too many corny uh, crappy uh stuff. Plus I don't think he's all that knowledgeable about sports. I could be wrong about that. Do you? Talking to you Josh. No, you're pretty right about that. Yeah, I don't think he knows crap. I mean boxing. I kind of, you know, it was boxing. Well, who wants to hear about boxing? Except a bunch of older workers. Okay. I want to know about boxing. Plus some of your people. They're there in a boxing crab. Make something or real macho. There are real man. No, hector macho. Come on, Joe. What are going to hell that's all about? I just don't care about that crap. The most people most sports fans just don't care about that. Sorry. I mean, if there's a paper view in Tyson's out there and if he's going to bite somebody's ear off and they're going to miss it, they'll pay for that. And want to see that. But other than that, who cares? So I'm still saying my good buddy Mo and of course then this other story on top of it about the dolphin broadcast in the SPN. It's just it's like we're cutting the middle of a mail strum. You know, it seems to be going around the world all this year. We're rolling hysteria going on. We're just cutting the middle of a radio mail strum right now. I just a little over an hour ago we put the pull on there. Steered by the way is ending early this week. Trying to lure the audience to come back at about 10, 15, 10, 20 every day. They're starting this Monday. We're back to 10 to 2. And that seems to be what these people want because our pull we've got. 441 votes in just barely over an hour. We'll do over a thousand a day during the show where Elsa or mining angels are ganky. And if anybody thinks Joseph Ganky is going to do two to four I would rather have default. If I had a choose between Joseph Ganky and default. See at least he goes alive, you know. I mean personally I like Joel I'd better personally as a much nicer guy. And I've paranoid and insecure and backstabbing and stuff. But as far as on the air I mean, default is 45,000 times the broadcast of the Joel. I mean, because Joe does never personality. I know he's a buddy. He's with a Humphor, but you can't you can't program a station based on whose whose buddies with this one or not when you said that that's a bad mistake. Right? A lot of way to program a radio station okay. I mean, so it's fine to fill in once in a while. I kind of date when everybody's asleep or I maybe in the last day when the world blows up or something like that. But I've been that the answer is a no, Joe. Sorry. And what they said in the godfather maybe nobody wants another Joe. And here's the deal. Here's what we got so far. What's you take on Hank replacing stir on QM which starts Monday, 449 votes. I'm thrilled. Neil went back to 10 to 244. I don't care. It all doesn't be 40 or anyway. 80. I'm pissed, but I'll still listen to Neil. 63. I'm pissed. I'm through a QM. 56 adds in Q56. But then interesting. Yeah. My only not tremendously. But I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank sports nerd fan 54. I'll still listen to stir on the buzz 28. Hank blows and I won't listen only 24. Got that? You got all those numbers down there. You're listening to Neil Rogers. You're not even a classmate. You're not a classmate. You're not a classmate. You're a fan. So watch me to sing god bless America and face these in the tea spring up here. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. Woo c away. Bumble free money. I'll do that. See you again. I'm a praiseerson. A Gad glowing face of darkness. encesbildung of a serpents physical face. That vision feels truly old and is truly so sweet. Get your sino egalies and look instead. Got an uning land.Jacky Heart. In my yet more vividly antib opens eyes. So far ahead of trueired testimony We've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do this, we've got to do it, we've kind of got a chance, you know what I mean,. Not a chance, but I didn't know why. I didn't even notice it. No. Anyway, so let me for a new and a QM. We got the Mad Dog at two. I'm sure I'll have a... he's gonna have lots of honest play today, man. Now that the Dolphins season is over, you think, well, gonna be a little bit slim. We got the Orange Bull tonight, and the Bull games are all coming to win in. What the world is there to talk about? It should maybe... Fuck that, right? Marlon's are a lot more like off-pants. There's there aren't defeated. But there's not much in sports, but now we got radio talk going on, man. Oh man, we have a lot of stuff. Dolphins is a flying a coupe, and I know I don't want to get involved. I just got a little bit of a list. You see, first of all, I don't think that Wayne wants to move to be on the broadcast anyway. That's what we're hearing earlier. Now maybe his change is my general, but the story that I was here was that they hated him like poison. Now that may not be true. Well, why should they be quite, because they'd be driven from anybody else, right? Right. And then we got to Humphrey at the Orange Bull, the Stratty Orange Bull festivities. So be a gay G, and you can go and say, hey, gang, congratulations on the morning show. One thing I will say though is when you get up early and do a morning show you eat more, because you're up more hours during the daytime. Not good. I can't thought of that. Oh, oh, I'm Zeta. We used to have a lunch at 830 in the morning. Do you remember those days? You weren't listening back then? I listened very briefly. We had places to say used to bring us cheese burgers and pizza, and all kinds of stuff. 830 in the middle of our show, because when you get up at like 430 in the morning by 830, it's lunch time. Figure it out. Well, I put Hank on the Howie's List. I got a news for you. You're going to put him in the intensive care list if he's there with that crab. No, you're, I'm going to come on a certain pay Robert Greeper. Okay, he ain't doing anything else these days. Robert Greeper and who else is going to be there in the morning? Shai, he will be. Who will? Shai. He'll be shai. Anyway, whoever's going to be there. You're in charge of monitoring the food consumption. Okay, because I don't want to see us lose this man because he's going to be getting up at 530 in more than to a 7 o'clock show because he's going to be popping up the food married. Oh, that's bad. Not good. Not good. Anyway, speaking of OJ, which we were earlier, who will be in the stands if you're going to be in the stands if you're going to be in the stands if you're going to be in the night. Oh, the orange bowl of pregame, by the way, is it 7? We got to game in 8 o'clock tonight 8 o' midnight. That's lung game we still got. How do you like that ESPN radio? Please do you, huh? How do you like that? We still got the orange bowl. Even Otsan TV, of course everybody, we watch it. Oklahoma and USC. Oklahoma, I like USC a lot. I don't mean this year because I haven't watched the most college football by me. I just am a USC fan over the years. Why? I don't know. You went to Michigan State. Okay. Michigan State, of course, sucks anyway. We all know that. Next, Saben used to coach it by the way. But, um, Michigan State, in Hocko, you did pretty good. What? Next, Saben coach Michigan State? Yes. I don't know. Before LSU, man, he was in assistant coach with a Browns. He coached Michigan State, the Spartans, baby, the Green and White East Lansing and LSU, which just got beat by the way, I blew a game in the beginning. And then we got the orange bowl of postgame, short midnight, whatever the game ends. Okay. So, OJ Simpson, it says in a, in a Sunson, though OJ, the lure of Sing is on the matter, play so close to it, home and orange bowl was impossible to turn out. The associated press, the guy named John Nadel wrote this, hey John, you better get yourself a map. Wait until he gets to the park where it tells you how far he lives away from the stadium. I'll be in a stance, chewing as loud as anybody for USC, since until the 18th of 12th of November. Who was the great running back before OJ Simpson at USC? Before him? I have no idea. Oh, man. He was so great. He scored four or five touchdowns against Notre Dame. What though was his name? Somebody will know, somebody will call it in, or fact, it didn't. I can't wait. I always follow SC always have always really said. I always follow people who Nicole's house, too, and in mind of slicing up their neck. Simmin, wait till near this. Simson said he hasn't seen the Trojan play in person for about 10 years. All there is box for sure, games on TV. But he lives only 30 miles. Stop third man. Or so, Southwest of Pro Player Stadium. So he said to be there today, tonight when number one Southern Caltech, sound number two, Oklahoma for the National title, is attorney, Yale, Galantre, monitor the telephone call, and wouldn't allow Simson to say we'll be sitting inside the stadium. See what I was saying before? Yeah. We'll be looking for your OJ. We'll be looking to squeeze the juice. The squash the juice, baby. The stuff I think about that. I know you, he lives in Kendall, right? Right. I don't know exactly where. But having lived in Kendall, I'm pretty familiar with the territory. I live in there for five years. If you tell me that Kendall, anywhere in Kendall, is 30 miles Southwest of Pro Player Stadium. I got 75,000 acres in the Everglades, I'll say to real cheap. Okay. 30 miles? Huh? Yeah, it's a bit much. How many miles would you say that it is? Maybe 15? Maybe 15. I was going to say 15. I mean, Kendall is like way, way, way, way, sound, way. I mean, way, sound, they just like home stand. It is a sprawl, though. You really believe that Kendall is 30 miles from P.M. And I could go wrong. I don't know. Maybe parts of it. I mean, there's a way to get out of here. 30 miles, my ass. That's not that big of seat. Yeah, it is. Simpson played for seven counts, 67, 68 winning the Heismanist scene You see, isn't it? And then, of course, that trophy. Well, he then went on to become one of the best running best in NFL history. Mostly with the Buffalo Beatles. After that, he was an actor TV football commentator, pitchman, for her, it's in Murderer. That more than anything else made Simpson, you know, he's doing so many USC students are passing likes of actors John Wayne. See, I don't agree with that. You see, another mistake is that you think that O.J. Simpson is better known than John Wayne. Yep. Tom Sullock and Ron Howard, I agree with those, General Norman Schwartz, Kauf and astronaut Neil Armstrong. Full of crap. Norman Schwartz, Kauf and Neil Armstrong are known around the world. You think O.J. is known around the world? I mean, maybe certain in certain murderers circles, maybe. Yeah. Maybe there's some black sniffers in France as a famous murder. So, what an article on the AP, a ghost show of passes for news in this country, and you're in your country. Here's Big Arnie says, mixed emotions on this hand-coured thing. I love Hank, he's the best sports guy around. It'll be great to be able to hear him in a more. Because sometimes they have known after a tough day work, I play a music CD in the car and set listening to Hank. So that'll be good. Also, Alan Big fan Howard, meaning Howard Stern. Certainly not. Okay, Howard. I'm a similar one. I don't think this movie is fair. Don't think this movie is fair. What does that mean, Big Arnie? I won't get serious, but make it as him for baseball. Overall, I mean, I'm probably going to have him again more. Don't think this movie is fair. Well, what does that mean? Fair. Fair to who? I don't know. To him, I guess. To him. The stirring thing was a disaster. It should blew up in the face of this organization. Don't you understand Big Arnie? It was a mistake. If we were in P.O.A. Illinois. If you're the station we're in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. If the station we're in Ishqaming, Michigan. If the station we're in Kalamazoo. If it were in Jackson, Michigan. If we're like an Ann Arbor, then it might be a different story. What have been? Like would be going on, right? Right. But so, back to the matter. There is W.K.M.A. in South Florida. And a power that V.C. should have realized that the minute they put this social on here, it was going to be sourists. Even these people don't know what the word means. They knew there was sourists to come in. You were listening to Neil Roger S. Who was his lady? On fire station. On fire station. On fire station. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8-L. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 2,000 for sure sucks. Next year we'll have more luck. I can see you now. I've just left your map now. My even five tours for that guy Michael Moore. When you feel your SUV. That gas will all be free. You and Bruce cut their taxes. Temperature will still go down. And rather we'll not do taxes. O sum will be found. I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East. All peaceful graduates and pre-rise will be. So straight, please let it be great here. I sure hate it this year. Don't need four stars. Elections and no more flu infection. TV will be cleaner. And star don't will be cleaner. Let's all look up. The pride is to down. In 2005. It's 12-1 and five. 60 WQM boy. Am I proud of myself for what? You want to know why? Why? Guess what? Story just came across the wire services from Dubai. That we had 23 hours ago on a show. Abum was sub-Alzarkawi. The US occupation authorities declared to be target number one in Iraq. Has been arrested in the city of Bakuba. The Emirates newspaper L.B. reported that today referring to Kurdish sources. Alzarkawi and leader of the terrorist group Altaweed. It was recently appointed the director of the Alkai organization in Iraq. The organization. But he's in custody now. And he liked that. Her. The newspaper's correspondent by that point. South had a report on the seizure of the terrorist. The US was also reported by Iraqi Kurdistan radio. Which at one time had been first. When I was in Saudi Arabia. But we headed here yesterday. And I saved the article. I think I said, I didn't save the article. Here it is. Where is this from? Actually I found this on the commandreams.org. Yesterday. One o'clock. Remember that? Exclusive. How do you like that? We've got news for our news show. Thanks to the vast resources of the QM news department. Which don't even exist. Man, am I proud of me. When that good? As far as Catherine Harrison had planned, that's an other story. And I did not say that, then I make a little disclaimer. I say because you get burned once. Right. Speaking of getting burned once. Now, one of these people got alert. And we live in a very chilling kind of age, Sean. NBC hasn't received any calls yet. About the effort that Mothley Kruwaka Vince Neildrop during the last New Year's Eve broadcast. Of these and I show with Jay Leno, Patti mouth. I say, fried both their ass. Happy F. A New Year Tom and you'll say to Bammie Tom, I'll surely have to midnight Friday. The mark was carried to viewers on the East Coast, but was edited out before was broadcast in the West. According to the entertainment trade paper for Wadi, which reported the incident in the website Monday night. Leno normally takes a show for broadcasts late evening, but does a live version New Year's Eve. He'd never had a problem with profanities before although the word has slipped out from time to time out of the programs from time to time. The network hasn't received any call. That's because everybody was too stone off their ass to even pay any attention right by midnight. Which it helps up. You two singer Bono used the effort last year's Golden Globe Awards, which is also broadcast live by NBC, which seemed to peacock is blushing. The network said it would put this year's broadcast on a 10 second delay. The Golden Globe Awards. The FCC and the ruling issue last March said that the word should never be used on OVIDIA or Wadi or TV programs. FCC officials said at the time they received hundreds of complaints from Golden Globe viewers. Much of F. Anidious. Now we're still in more callous about the cautious about the material after Regina Jackson, Yadiyani, and much of crap. Much of crap. They said the F. Anidious is never going to be the same again. Big deal. Grow up America. Grow up America. Get a life. Now Rick Facts isn't says. If the dolphins move to 790, Mad Dog will go to, leaving a big gap from 4-7, Greg U. Puts and George D. Inspector of Jobs is Rick. I like that. Mad Dog's got a contract. He ain't to jump anywhere. In addition to which, I don't think it's not customer, but it is not that uncommon for an ounces to work for one radio station. And then we're working on a sports franchise on another station. It does happen. Right? Right? I mean, there's nothing to conclude him from doing the games. And I'm sure all of that will be addressed between two and four of this afternoon on the World Famous Mad Dog show. On it, you bet. Take a look at that response and a poll. If we don't get over a thousand votes, they're George or beyond all the rest of the month. What? Well, look, you're getting all these kudos down, man. Yeah. Yeah. I have a job while I was in our station. Well, I was gone. I was getting tortured by Greg Reed in the Beesleys. It was a freaking nightmare. What do you mean by that? No, I want to go back into it. Yeah. 540, yeah. What I'm talking about was more than a nightmare, man. It was like a daymar. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stearn on QM? We have 541 votes. I'm thrilled. Neil will be back 10 to 2. 31.4% 170 people said that. I don't care. I don't listen before Neil anyway. 96. Another 18.1%. I'm pissed, but I'll still listen to Neil 76. I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank sports nerd fan, 69. I'm pissed. I'm through with QM 62. Hank blows and I won't listen 34. I'll still listen to Mr. And I'm the buzz 32. See they can, they know if they look close enough to their signal. They can still Howard. And I'll then, I'll hear the un, and you know who else is going to be thrilled with this? Yeah. Starting next Monday. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Right? I would assume. He won't have to be getting up in the wee hours in the morning to come in there and be the dumb button theory all the time. That's got to be a real pain in the old Keester. When you think? I would be like, I said that was what is excuse one. Will, fact says and says. Oh, that's an Anthony Davis man. It's a long time ago. Or at least 70 see was great. And then he got injured as near something he was never like a star in NFL. Anthony Davis was going to be the greatest running back ever even better than Jim Brown. And he'll serious. And when we're going to roll to Peyton, Sandy Peyton. For a touch does were scored by Anthony Davis in early 70s those USC teams coached by John McCain, including Sam Cunningham, Sam DeBam Cunningham. Pan Hayden, Liz Juan, J.K. McCay and Charles Young. What was that a great team? Before O.J., the US, O.C. tailback, was Mike Garrett. I think the article meant that O.J. was more associated with US even John Wayne. I see. Now that's not what it said. He said it was the most famous. After O.J. the star running backs, the signature play student body, Wetter student body, left where Anthony Davis. Another great. Are you right? Ricky Bell, Charles White and Marcus Allen. Ricky Bell was the brother of Archie Bell of Archie Bell of the Drells and died tragically of a where else? Remember we were tightened up with Archie Bell, who Drells? No. Come on. Boca Brian's got it. He'll play for you. John McCain, liver to USC football factory to do with the job is first hit coach of the bucks. His son is curly GM of Atlanta. John McCain, he was like, oh, an 85 with a buck something like that. Remember? They did terrible. They were not too good. And guess what? And now they're again not too good. That's like, oh, she's got Brian greasy quarterback with respect. Hey Brian. Let's get some calls in here. Okay, we're rambling on too much about the dolphins going to ESPN. See, there's one problem with all this. All this premature evaluation. If I if I dare offer my own observations, okay, do I dare do that? Go for it. No. Now I'll do it any go girl. And that is that other than Joe Rose, ESPN radio 790 has nobody. I mean, they've got some bodies. They got Craig Minner Vinnie who's highly overrated. He's much a do about nothing. He makes defos seem like, like, Howard Crossell. I mean, Craig Minner Vinnie is nothing. Who they got over there? Oh, and they got Dan LaBastered. Like I said, afternoon drive Dan LaBastered. Are you shitting me? You got to be joking with a silly guy of bear. He's wearing your clown, Danny, lawyer and idiot, even though you and your Cuban friends won a world serious, 97, not last time though. But so they have nothing. They got to Joe as the anchor, but you can't make it. Just having the dolphin games on your alone. Well, yeah, it'll bring more people over there. They are going to lose their ass on it. They lose a lot of money. It'll make them feel like big shots. So, oh, we got to dolphin. Yeah, big deal. Then 40 cents a by a half a cup of coffee at two days. So, what did she bring in Berkeley? She brought to the two days of certificate? Yeah, $10 coupon. Wow. What a sport. A $10 coupon. Well, I mean, whoo, maybe that's all they gave her. Not yourself out, baby. Have yourself out, have yourself out. Howl of a small meal. Although it's a very inexpensive. I either with a friend we had a humongous breakfast, and it was like 18 bucks to whole thing. That's good. But, huh? That's good. For two people, sure. Seriously, the omelette, got it's called the special respect taker. It's like a four egg omelette. It's got everything out of the senate. I'm telling you, if you ever had a better omelette, I'd love to know where it was. Just respect taker. Anyway, let's get about two to three hundred calls in here, because I'm sure this audience has worked up into a frenetic frenzy. Now, right? We got so many, so many issues on the table. You know what? Howard Stern goes by by and southward again, at least from the Broward line, down. And you got the dolphins go to the S.B.N. perhaps, and the mad dog and the mole-myster, who knows what to deal with. And five to seven in a morning and two to four in the afternoon. What the hell is going on over here? Right. WDQA, and hello. Hi, Neil. Thank God. I got through. I got through. Thank God. I got you, man. I just want to talk about how we're stern and how bad he is on the radio. You've exposed him. Yeah. And I don't know where he went. I don't know the way to go with his hand. I would go with the comedy deal a lot of open cars. Yeah. The comedy duo out of open cars. Remember Jones and his boyfriend. Oh, God. Woo! He's doing well. Hey, by the way, remember Jones. Yeah. Oh, God. You see, it was, I had a feeling that even though we knew who it was, it was just going to be special. Now, what special, when it, like the cord? No, I'll be picking on D.F. again. Never did like him. Come in to QA and hello. I don't know where to start. Oh, no. It's Paul Harvey Jr. You're off the show. I'm lucky, maybe. You wanted to clear up that nasty rumor we heard. Now, he just wanted to clear up his throat. I don't want to talk to him. Now, he's off the show. You convinced me after all these years. He's just, he's just dribbling me. Not playing me. Well, what he mean by that one, we talking about him just this morning. You were, but before the show. Not my fault that he is the way he is. What does that mean? I don't want him on the show. He just needs just annoying. He just bugs mad. I rather hear Reverend Jones. At least he was rather a musician. The comathy to go from Oakland Park. And you got to admit that was pretty good. You're just a hard ass. You don't want to give many credit. Okay, even though we hate him like poison and his boyfriend or both what? No, no, no, I don't. They're crazy. They're not. They don't want any part of anywhere. Well, I'm not saying he has to go out like on a date with him or anything like that. Or like, you know, be the pivot man and whatever they're doing. Right. Just stay a far away. That's what I'm suggesting. Stay a far away. By the way, we're trying to find out where O.J. is going to be at the game tonight. 12 minutes after known if 5.60 WQAM, ring in the new year with a great new car truck from the folks at Armstrong for to homestead. You've been putting off buying anything, but now it'll wait in longer because for a limited time, you can get yourself 0% financing on either following new O.F. and stock. Ready for a made delivery. Escape, free stars, toruses, F.S. Suparuni Harley Davidson trucks. And the all new Ford 500. A lot more than how about the 1.9% financing this waiting for an all new O.F. Expeditions, explorers, F.1. 50s and Rangers 2. Certain restrictions apply. Lots of Armstrong Ford homestead, right as I speak, are jam packed and they're cutting prices like crazy. They offer you more value too because when you buy your Ford from Armstrong for you get to exclusive tires and batteries for like program. That is correct tires and batteries for like plus for limited time, a free sun pass too. David Rich in a staff at Armstrong Ford homestead will guarantee the best price and don't forget these folks are locally owned enough right to treat you like family. Want to make you a customer for a life. You won't get a better deal on a Ford A were in town. No bait and switch, no phone details, no BS. Just the lowest prices anywhere is at Armstrong Ford homestead. And you'll find in the 307 25 South, 60 highway just 20 minutes south of the 86. Check them on a wicked way at barmsdroncars.com. Grab a little and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead. Goodbye, Bernie Carrick. I'm in a desert. We hardly got to know you and if you ask me that's why you don't pay because you've had enough of the endless days. You have no problem getting laid. We'll show you how to fit them. You were bangin' you, friggin' in a brawl brawl and wood door. And then you made her sleep all the more. You don't deserve a damn day, but this song I will sing is that softly day of heat. Too many rounds with the forwarder make you rise up arms. Is that each of you I are that much of a shocker shocker shocker. I'm sure the next one day, you four-hole-rencissibility will be inside the roof of the set. You're a pathetic, uh... From 16-Roseo Donald for Nationalals Homeland Security Director, what are you saying? All right. Here's a fact that says, and this is a chronic man. This is one of the all-time chronics. Tell by the printing. Sure. Please don't threaten us with George. We'd rather hear static. Same sleep inducing effect. Yeah, stop. So that's your choice. So that's your choice. You need to hear George. It's a loop. That. Till two. I'm looking forward to it. Yeah, let's do loopy loopy loopy. 560, pound-560, pound-560, and a Verizon and Singular Wyrlislam. We got that big orange bull game tonight. Any interest? Not on the spot. It'll be an HD. First of all, are you going to your Josh? I will be there. George, Josh Curtis is going to the orange bull. He's going to be searching for OJ. And I got a great gift you can bring him to. What's that? I said, right there when I count over there, they're big machete. Yeah, he probably has some fun with it. I'll ask for the sign. There you go. Is that before after he sticks it in? WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, you're a Joe buddy, Johnny Bacon, coming in. And hey, we talked about that for once at one hour. Yeah, what's up? Yeah. What? So did you ever see Frank Lys? What is this man talking about? I don't know. Talk about Zappa. Still laughing about Johnny Bacon. Yeah, Johnny Bacon. Are you making bacon, Johnny? I'm always making bacon. I think you're faking bacon, Johnny. I think you're faking bacon, Johnny. I think you're faking bacon, Johnny. Frank's app on my ass. Although we could play for seconds of that, you know. I'm probably making him happy. What do you think? Hey, there. People are mubbing. That's it. 560, 0560, pound 560, only Verizon singing a lot of Slimes. Mad Dogger 2 with a real inside story, the inside scoop. We're not going to make it to a thousand of hosts on his poll today. All of a sudden these people like kind of laid out. We got 594. I'm thinking we got to get to like 750 by one o'clock. They have a shot. Like Jimmy would say. They have a shot of a thousand of our new show today. They just laid back. They were like foaming it the mouth in the beginning. That's what it always is, you know. Right. You're a opinion mean something to us. Leave it. No, it doesn't really, but it sounds good to say that. It's like an incentive to get out and they're like, I mean how much effort does it take to vote on the poll, right? This is extremely important stuff for those people who are amalyzed our programming efforts. Laymas they may be. WDQA and hello. Yes sir, bad phone man. I'm sorry. That's fine. No, go ahead. Okay. Here's where my thoughts are. Why are thoughts? Okay. Is there any way that Greg reads? I know he's chiepred now on whatever and all the things you've said. But is there any way that he's? This is the guy that sounds like Bob Lincoln's. I thought he's not Bob Lincoln. He sounds like Bob Lincoln. He sounds like Bob Lincoln. He sounds like Bob Lincoln. It's just as smashed as he always is. No, I'm on paint yours actually. Yeah. Well, sorry for the things you'll do this call. Yeah. I'm going to. All right. True to four. I've never looked. Where anybody get Joe rose back. No, of course not. These are the country I'm going to stick in out of here. Oh, no, no more paint killers, man. It's nice and old here. Yeah. He's on paint killers. Is there anybody to get Joe rose back? Of course now. We never should let him go into first place. See, this is what keeps happening with this series of mistakes of unbeatable, unacceptable. I don't even know where to describe it. These aren't just mistakes. These are grievous errors. All right. These are absolutely unacceptable. Keep breaking and smashing and moving then. You can also all around in the middle of where I kind of caught up in his mail stream. It's going on around us and never settled it back down. There was no problem whatsoever back in the spring. What's there? Remember that great spring book. Sure. We had mold there, mold bandy, and the more real early. When everybody was sleeping, we were doing the same thing. We had Joe rose, it was kicking ass, serious. We were doing Great Tint to it. A huge spring book. Mad Dog was doing his usual big numbers. The hump was humped right along. And everything was great. We were running around going. We're fine. Yeah. And we were. But we were all known. That wasn't good enough. Let's see if we can improve on what we're doing. Let's see if we can't keep screwing it up again. They had a shot of greatness, don't you know? We were great. We had it. We had not only had a shot. We were like, uh, dot the ironed. Pure unadulterated shmit. And all of a sudden, wow, let's do this. I left to them. Everybody around. And we got like, all these people that were paying around to contract or even working. We invited. We basically, after Yankees and Joe Rose around for months and keep him on the universe bringing screwing him big time, uh, invited him to go across the street. He's the only thing they've got over there. And if they get to the offensive, that'll be the other thing. But they're not going to make any money on that. He's the only thing that means anything on that station. If they were to go out in the Humper, then they'd had something. And they had the, they'd make a series of a real contender. Huh? Then they'd were to you. Right. That's right. But it would be there. But in the meantime, they're, they're nothing. They've got nothing. No story. Yeah. But we got to the office and big deal. Well, by, uh, a lot of wains here from when he was a child. WM, hello. Apocalypse from the 30 men. WQM, hello. Yes, I'm the old. How you doing, Parker? Okay, pal. Hey, uh, I just, uh, what's your new lineup going now? And I got a suggestion. That, before George. Yeah. Thank you. Okay, be sure to infax it again. Okay, we may have missed the first one. WM, hello. WM. All right, you know. You know, that sounded like it sounded like Ted, but it wasn't. But it was not. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil, hi. Uh, let's not have a question for you. I've been trying to get a whole balance for life. Yeah. Yeah. I can't seem to get the number and it's not on the internet. I got some place in New York. I haven't got any clue. I don't even know if they're still around anymore. Oh, really? Yeah, I think they ran out of Boba, canoosh. Thank you for coming today. Yeah, you're welcome to stay. Yeah, you'll be thankful that the things we've got. He's got a really good place in history. Yeah, you'll be happy for him. Yeah, you'll be happy for him. Yeah, thank you for coming today. Thank you for coming today. Yeah. Yeah. Sure, Mr. Jose, you know what? Yes, I do. 24 past no in a Q.A.M. Here's one of the best stories of the year so far. I mean, the year is young, but not too bad. Woman wants to cleanse colon's in her home. Logan Utah, woman is fighting the city council and Providence to issue her permit to run a colon cleansing service out of her home. Back home. Colon had her therapy as a licensed procedure in other states. But in Utah, it's considered only a homoopathic method. A homoopathic method. Collette Yates says she's invested two years in roughly 40 grand on her home business, which focuses on moving waste from the large intestine by injecting water into the colon where it loosens and softens waste. The water is injected through the rectum. The Providence Plan Commission recently recommended denology. It's requested for a permit to operate alternatives in health and her home. Planning Commission said they wanted to avoid sitting a press into blowing medically oriented businesses in residential hoods. Yates said Commissioners are worried because they're not familiar with the procedure. Though she provided them with detailed videos and literature. Oh God, I've actually heard a lot of people can't wait to see those detailed videos. You know what I'm saying? I've actually heard what I'd like to see it. Yeah. When you think, I don't want to think about it. Well, it's a little past year lunchtime. The International Association for Colon Higro therapy, which I quite frankly wasn't familiar with them yet. The scrubs that is a safe, effective method of removing waste from large intestine. Who was it that we used to work with? I'll tell you who was. It was our young friend, JC. Oh, I don't know if we should play it. I didn't say it. No, that's JC. Well, that's the wrong JC. That's Jeff Cohen. Jesus Christ. I wanted it. That's the JC. If I only knew he would have wanted it back in the day. Anyway, I feel like say, modality, not unlike massage therapy or dermatology procedures. Already are going on in the series. It's a great story for measures. It's word-read-out and people are doing it everywhere, but it's relatively new to cash-belly. JC became inspired to years ago to practice colon hybrid therapy after it relieved her painful complications from fibromyalgia. She traveled a Florida, of course, for training. We're also going to go for training in something like that besides Florida, right? Right. The athlete and the University of the Universe invested $1,000 on the specialized equipment, renovated two bedrooms in which to perform a procedure and obtained professional liability insurance. It's said she had accumulated several clients to word-a-mouth and we're f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a-f-a- The Commissioner of Christina Lamborm who voted recommending denying the permit. I feel very strong with nothing. There's nothing like a good strong, kplanica clean-out, man. When a doubt clean-a-dought, right? Clean-a-d day-by-day in flavors. Yeah, that KGC, he was very big in with that, remember? No. Yeah, that's all I ever talk about was getting his colon blown out. You want me to kneel, Roger? Oh, damn, listen to me. Here, on 566, a QAM. Tell what you do, I can't! Hey, John! It's a lie, I am not an ugly gentleman. Tell me if Prince KC J, son. I, I, Gacy Kism. Welcome back to our KGAT ad of this week's top 20 ringtones. We're up to our number one ringtone of the week. But first, our unlimited coast to coast, long distance to requesting dedication. It's from Jessica S. She writes, dear KC, recently, my sister was quite lip-saking on national TV. And first, she blames her band. And then, she blames her asses, re-blocks, whatever that is. Anyway, KC, since everyone thinks I'm the stupid one of the family. Could you play Green Day's American Idiot for my sister, actually? Time to Jessica. So, from Jessica to Ashley, here's your unlimited coast to coast, long distance request and dedication. That's American Idiot from Jessica to Ashley. Now, on with a countdown, please come to the car! For the first, let's recap our top three ringtones. Number three! Come and get it, number three! Rando, Elector, get five Mozart! Number two! At number two, that tune that sounds like heart and soul, but isn't. And now, this week's number one ringtone. Number one! For the third week in a row, the most of the flowers. There in your head, the top twenty ringtones in America, as translated by Fombele, board magazine. To then again, actually, when we'll once again count down America's top twenty ringtones, I'm KC KC Zinc, keep your volume turned out, and keep reaching for four bars. Wow, all I can say is that people with those musical wild and fancy ringtones are really... Yeah, yeah, it is, it's so great. Look at us, FMQB is discovered a minor story in the South Florida market. You keep doing it, you'll get it. It says top rated top shows, Neil Rogers decided to eat your contract extension with WQMIME, extending his deal until December 2008. Well, that's good, it's fun, thank you. But the big story is right there on the front page of the Sun's Sentinel. QM did drop Howard Stern show a certain S-Munday January 10th. Hank Goldberg doing seven to 10 AM. Rogers goes back to ten to two. That's the big story, and they still haven't discovered it. Neither has radio ink, neither has radio records. Pretty weak man, pretty weak, and you know what the problem is? What's the problem? What a problem is that there are some people that have a really difficult time, you know, they go through all the holidays and have a... Like our sales department. That's why the log is basically empty today. We don't even have... We're not making enough money, even to pay Josh's salary. What does that tell you? Is that sad? And George would have kind of spots we got in the log right now. He may have to like send that TV back to the bot that HD for Josh over Christmas. I'd say that we see... Did you? Good. Always a good idea. Tamarack Bob says, on a fax, putting the two old Jews out in the morning, may satisfy the sports nerds, but it doesn't like my fire. Who are the two? I think in... Huh? Who's the other one? I don't know. Oh. I got out of the far enough North to get Bob and Tam. They still are the AM pick of the crop. I agree. I love Bob and Tam. Having said that, you mean back to 10 to his positive step? Right, right on Bob. Finally, while it's two of the George was pretty good this past week, the beast one they fillin was great. You can get credit for doing a great show. The beast being great. I find it so... Just such a stress. Did you work that show with them? Josh? Yeah. And it was great. It went better than I thought it was going to be. What day was that? I want to say it was Thursday? Friday. Friday. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we got a lot of calls. I mean, I was surprised. I didn't think anyone would be listening or whatever, but we actually had a lot of calls. Right. And he did a great show. I don't know if it was a great show. Come on. It went through it, man. It was okay. It was our... It was acceptable. I'm not sure. Yes. It says it's two by the people's real choice. Rick and Suss can not be heard. But let me just say this about that. Every time we take a poll because we worked with those guys a long time. We like suds a lot. Rick, we could live without them. And he's all right. But the fact that a matter is they were on INZ with that 50,000-watt signal in the middle of the day. And they had no drawing power. You see, if you're a real fact when a market, you have a number. Right? And I realize that team channel is butcher that station a big time. But when you're out in the morning, it's not like you're following somebody. See what I'm saying? Right? You're on 6 to 10 in the morning, getting like a 0.5 or whatever they got over there. There's something wrong. There's a problem over there. See? So it's really interesting that Rick and Suss are the people's choice. Every time we take a poll, our audience is begging the head Rick and Suss are in this radio station. But the problem is that when they were on there, nobody listened to them. That's the problem. Now, maybe you as because Rick was doing a lot of stock market crap. That may be it. It says PS, there are radio shows that are locally produced, but still are syndicated also on XM or serious. So what would prevent you from doing the same? Absolutely nothing to have a laptop. Now that Norma Cat is finally survived this hysteria of Greg Reid and the beesleys the past 10 days to waste. Give them a little bit of a rest for a while. Maybe we can work on that next. There's nothing to prevent them from doing that. Absolutely positively nothing, right? Right. We can have a way just fill in the commercial breaks if they just don't carry the breaks. That's all other while they're in that. Everything is just copicity. Just open up the old pot and smoke it and have a good time. Right? We want to be good at one. We just go with Greg with that. Right? Keep in mind what Howard says. He says he would have believes in a drug free life. That's what students have on that promo. Anyway, here's the deal. We fall under 30% out of first category. I'm a little bit put off on that. I don't know if we're going to make our 1,000 votes. We got 670. I don't think so. You know, we got to get to 800 by one o'clock. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard's turn on QML? We first put this pull up at about 10 30 this morning, 10 35. The response on his pull was just, you know what you would have thought. We were asking, how would you like to have a million dollar small bills cash? Just vote for unissimal hand it to you know? It was just about right? You'd think I'm thrilled. Neil will be back to 10 299. I don't care. It'll listen before Neil anyway, 127. I'm pissed, but I'll still listen to Neil 100. I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank's the sports nerd fan 89. I'm pissed. I'm sure with QM 68, 10% pissed off and fired up and down away out. Hank blows and I won't listen 46. And I'll still listen to Sir Nanda Buzz. 39. What are the beliefs in this was cheese? That's what you're saying. WQAM. Hello. Thank you. I'm happy that the old fat baby got his way. Yeah, they all say happy right? WQAM. QAM. QAM. Yes, I'd like to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. In light of the egos that are involved both with Wayne High Zinger and QAM Greg Readinolet, is it unlikely that if they're dolphins to move, man, they're just going to stay. And then what they've done is, I think he's got two years off and is deal with us. Yeah, well, I'm saying so if they want to bring him somehow they have to do something and get him out of it or whatever. And then what happens is they've now said they have to do them by putting Hank in the morning and moving Joe later on. If it's got to be flipped around again, then he goes through six months or eight months from now. Another whole circus. Well, that seems to be our, Well, you did the way they do things there. Right. That seems to be the standard operating procedure if you aim now. Is this constant chaos? Because I would think Hank is so strong and he have to know that they'd want to find somebody real strong in the morning. Right. Which obviously Hank could be. But put him to the reason where he is. You see, they see the interesting part of it is they had somebody very strong in the morning. His name is Joe Rose. Correct. And they, and they did all him around and they lied to him and they, strong him along. And in the meantime, they were working behind the scenes to pull his steering thing off. And then when they did, you know, like I said, they invited him to go across the street and stick it to us. And he's doing a good job of that already. And we're going to get to Dolphin's over there. I mean, this is just, it's like an act of self-immolation. You know, you see those people are like, set themselves on fire. Yes. That's what this reminds me of. But it's like, as you say, it's okay. It's like as the, as the, the way that we are, the way that our outfit does business. And I mean, you just give it a point where you can't, you just accept it. That's the way it is. Well, the one thing it's going to be great is having you back at 10 because I've lost the interest in start over the last couple years. And, you know, you keep flipping over and flipping over and flipping over and flipping over. And the next thing you will listen to to, to Joe or somebody else on some other station. And then he'll be new time. And you'd be, well, I think you should have said the world on fire. And at last trend was really a big disappointment that number had. And there, I mean, we're expecting these two youngest numbers and didn't materialize. Well, the thing that happened to is the side from the FCC getting about the old stuff, with, it was impossible to listen on 2 a.m. Because they would dump it even more than other stations. That's right. And it just was horrible. And I don't know what anybody with a brain, but any sane person put a show on that they have to keep, that they feel so uncomfortable with. They have to bring in two people that have two people sitting there with dump buttons. We went from a seven second delay to about five minutes delay or whatever it was. And they're dumping and dumping it. Well, what is that? And then they had that crazy music they put on. It was just, it was impossible to listen to. Yeah. It was in a Bosch and there's no question. And then the, you know, and then the other thing for the rest of the day and it has to be done at, at, at, at, at, at, after your show, it sounds as though there's a Spanish musical bed being played all day long. Right. And, and I mean, that's that, they're not so much to listen to. But they don't start to like to make sure you're saying after your show is because you guys, I don't know what you've done with the show. Occasionally here in there, you heard on yours. I heard a little bit earlier today, but in the afternoon, it's like Hank has this Spanish musical bed going all after the day. Maybe that's why he's moving the morning. Hey, pal. I told you that I'll cut the crap okay, ton of down little bit sweetheart. You're gonna cough your beard and give you bath. Say, you'll do flavor, no, calm me. Chevy real close. 19 to one at five, 60 WCM where the chaos never stops. I'll tell you place it down there. A friend he shoes in, competent obedience. No BS over there, man. Just great deals on the best, the name he shoes in the business. They got people are giving personal service, which is why Brandy's is lasted so long. I'm making sure you get a perfect interview every time. And of course, unbeatable deals too with lowest prices in town. And Brandy's will find top quality names, no off-brands. They have only the best rock ports, floor shine, SDS, Spirit, naturalizer, Timeline, all the other names you know and love. And I guarantee you, how much you made he bells life on it right now. Whatever style suits you that you fight over there with Brandy's. They have your size in stock on a shelf, right in the slack on your fat feet right now. Brandy's is open seven days a week, Monday through Saturday, nine to nine, and every Sunday even 10 to five. You'll find Brandy's a 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. It's always well worth the trip. Take good care of those Tutsies, man. It's a great time to buy SDS this week at Brandy's. Get you some great savings on selected men's and women's styles. Be sure to come into Brandy's this week or visit on that wicked web at BrandyShoons.com. You're a season new, Rogers. Congratulations on the five seconds of your graduation. A-M. It's the biggest pile of first crap I have ever seen in my freaking fracturing life. Yo son, dragon after a tough day, robin over Fab-Beece. The unique to chill in a Gen Z-Boy with Clanness. The only Cheddar's out by me. Multi-platin the recording artist, Jay Z. Check his pair of bones. Y'all be sippin' it trippin'. The GG-Boy with Clanness got 24k gold cup holders in armrest. Big enough to hold eight bags of liquor style y'all. And they see this extra whack. Just to take your shorty beyond say stuff, buy y'all saying. I changed it what you've done in Big Boy. What a bane. And here's the best part. The GG-Boy with Clanness just a poor position y'all. Business, maths, relax and mad pithy. And take this to Pat the GG-Boy with British for Best. It's perfect for putting an arc at it. Here you are up your stage. Yo what's up? Jay Z. Poor with Clanness. Get paid. And put what a y'all trippt it's day. This is an outstanding facet just in a year. Yeah. Sure I'd like to hear Rick and Sudson WQM. Sudson from 2 to 6 pm and Rick from 3am to 3am. Maybe 3 to 315am. There you go. If Norm can't do the job, why don't you keep him around. That's subtle of in queen as you and your career time is on again. Here I thought I was doing okay. Even though one. What he endured the last two weeks and I did two with these people. I don't care. They're just our no words to describe it. You can't even begin to imagine the atrocity of the situation and the grotescence and the lies and the BS and the... It's just... They open a new chain of stores called insults is us. Because that's how they do to people. It's just a jerk them around and whatever. Says I'm sorry you said another four years with that dump. There's so much static on 5.60am. It sounds like you're doing your show life of Magra Falls. That's an idea. You've got a nice casino there. You're going to lose your ass. I'd like to see Greg Reed, Duck, Flimsy and Josh straight as an arrow, go over together in a barrel. Well, but you can arrange it. We can do a broadcast. They think... Speaking of Australia's an arrow, what's great timing? And Indian helicopter dropping food and water over the remote and the men and Nick of our islands has been attacked by tribesmen using bows and arrows. How do you like that? Even lately we're like this story. There were fears that the endangered travel groups have been wiped out when massive wave struck the islands. But the authorities say the attack is a sign they've survived. At least there's some good that came out of it. More than 6,000 people there are confirmed as either dead or missing, but thousands of others still are unaccounted for. The Indian Coast Guard helicopter was flying low over a set in the line with a drop A when it came under attack by bows and arrows. The enemy in the Nicarbar archipelago is home to several tribes, some extremely isolated. Officials believe they survived the devastation by using age old early warning systems. They might have run the high ground for safety after noticing changes in the behavior of birds and marine wildlife. And isn't it like somebody said the other day? The animals they know right. They can sense it. Certainly when I was talking to somebody better over the weekend. They can sense it. But in meantime we're out there to people on the beaches. They're falling. Oh look at that. Here comes a nice big wave. Time to get your surfboard out. Oops. It says scientists are examining the possibilities. See whether it can be used to protect earths, earths, earths, earths, earths, earths, and the future. Might can't be all bad, right? Keep your eye of birds. That's what Tippy headwind said. Didn't you just die? Yes you did. I liked it. I liked it. You could not. So that's what Hitchcock you couldn't keep her hands off her. Old troll. Old leg. Kind of like the bird. See there it is again. You see how all these pieces of the puzzle fit together? Holy crap. 567. 560. Pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. Too AM. How much bird? Going once. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Tell me. Yes. Happy New Year. I'm glad you're not going anywhere. Yeah. I'm going to be honest with you. And Goldberg couldn't carry Howard Stern's bag. So everybody the truth is because they can't afford Howard anymore. What is that one of this? I see. Sounds like Howard's brother. Well the truth is that they don't want to pay any more SEC funds. That's the truth. Okay. They're just finished with the 35th. Go with the 55,000. What? He's going away anyway. Yeah. Plus it's a lame-box show. You know, when you come on a year and you tell her about that you're leaving and that you want to let any day is going to be your last. It's not really conducive, which is why Citadel trick them off the air, which is why we're dropping them next Monday. And see, there's one thing to be disappointed if you're a Stern fan. I can certainly relate to that. But in terms of Howard himself, this is what he wants anyway. He wishes he give his left nut if infinity would tell tomorrow. All I guess while we just can't win a one anymore, and we got somebody to fill in there and they're good luck to you. Okay. Have a great life. That's what he wants. So maybe that's one of the reasons they didn't even discuss it this morning. I'm sure they will tomorrow. And I'm sure I'll get somebody accredited for it. Some of the blame. And let me say it again. I was too busy involved in 10 days of the most psychotic. I don't even want to call it negotiations. Bull crap is what it was. I don't have any time to worry about Howard Stern. The only thing we wanted to know is that what the hell time we were going to start every day, which we had agreed that we would start no later than 11. That was basically it. I'm sure that we ought at the end of the Rogers. He's a yes. Whatever you say, I have the power. And you will also put defoliner to the four. You just mark my words, which will be a bad move. WQA. Hello. Hello. How are you doing, pal? Good. I don't know if you went over this yesterday of somebody called you on this. I was listening on Sunday night through your station on National Show by Chad Caffock. And he was the older for the government announcement on the radio last year. And he went to Mo Howard David for... So like you, the day wants that firing to Iraq. Yeah, that was also a still effort from sports illustrated. That's where that came from. Okay, well, just wanted to share that with you. You probably didn't pull cash to novo sports talk. Oh, okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I haven't read it here. How many weeks ago was that in sports illustrated? I've read it on the repeatedly. Well, I wanted to make sure that Mo did not... I'm sure he was pleased. I'm going to release the mention, right? In sports illustrated, right? In fact, I wouldn't be surprised. I'm listening. If Mo is listening right now. Two to four was no man, at least for the interim. No, I don't know when it does. He's dealing with it and march or something. I don't know. Man, well, I better get my other halls. Better get some more halls, right? All right. I think when you suck on too many of those, you got problems, halls for your tubos, no. Well, I'm not talking about that. Just, you get that kind of like, I don't know. The nasty, deep in your throat, you know? Deep throat. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Just watch it now. Just governor yourself accordingly, man. We got the new deal going. Everything is fine. We got life is wonderful. Except for that wife ears. But other than that, everything is pretty good. Pound five, sixty on a Verizon singular vital sign. Remember what I told you about Bob Savage? No. Little guy, Marinette. He's done it. I told you that yesterday. That's right. Well, there are only difference being that the tall broad that he married, she had a ton of money. That was a big difference. So next time. Yeah, there were a few I am. Hello. Hey, Neo. Yeah. How are you? I'm fine, doc. Like you said, but I would love to see Rick and Sudd on the morning. I have to be better than the foreshill. Well, hey, cool. Where's the other day on the morning? Is that Anthony? Oh, what do you do? Huh? I said, Hank is good. Yeah. But I think you and Rick and Sudd, and not losing my mind, the great, the great mimickers now on our KF, KLL, Alexander California. But that was okay. K-100. Go Henry. Yeah. Those days of IOT were the best. Yeah, the year. In turn the clock back, man. You can't live in the past. record. Excellent. I'll give you the band. Okay, I am. Now, see the thing of it is this. Now, how many times did I say that we were we spent all of that energy on that promotion being the sports station right? Isn't that what this was always about? Even the promo sports talk radio. Yadiyada, right? Isn't that what they say? That's what they say. Then how come we put for rail on and we start getting away from it which we got burned badly with that. And then how come after we got burned badly with it? Like a little kid keeps going his hand on a hot stove and we keep going back and stick our hand on it again and the stove too. I don't get it. And then all of a sudden it was during and me so that's like a six and eight hours a day of non-sports, right? And now all of a sudden we're going to go back and we're going to be sports again. Now that we got a new sports station there which has taken the dolphins away and already took their rose when we blew him out to door, I just don't get it. Make up your mind. What would you like to be? Okay? What would you like to be? You want to be a sports station? You want to be a sports and entertainment station? You want to be just an entertainment talk show. Well, what do you want to be? That's my question. Why did a composite chronic pervericator? WQAM, hello. Hello, me, yes. How are you doing, Neil? I'm doing great. You know, I want to call you yesterday because you played. You'd say that drop where managed says how our David is a bitch. And I was listening to the dolphin game over the weekend, you know, the last game, whatever. And towards the end of the game, we're at the end of the game. How are David starts to say, you know, what was the great season? Well, not what was the great season but he was a pressure doing this with you. He told Manage of it was a pleasure to work with him and whatnot. And my ears perked up, if I could say that, I wanted to hear what managed was going to reply. And he, not for a second, did he say same to you or yeah, with the great pleasure? He, right away, he switched his subject to how this was unchartered waters with the dolphins because they'd never had such a bad season and whatever. He never acknowledged that it was a pleasure working with him. Well, because it was not because he just advises him. And like poisons, just like everybody else does, but I, you know, I mean, what can I say? He's not going to lie about it. That's awesome. Anyway, suck up. I just got on, I mean, I just had the car like whatever tournaments go on. I'm here and all this stuff with all these changes. I guess how we're gone and, and Hank Goldberg's coming in the morning and everything. No, no, they're going to do in the afternoon. Right. Wow. Anyway, I got, I got a chime in because I know that Hank seems to be somewhat popular, but I'm definitely on the other percentage that thinks that Hank is a piece of schmits. Really? And sorry, I'm concerned he could do the overnight. Okay, I'll tell you one thing if he is. He sure has a big piece of schmits. I'll tell you that. Big Polish myth. Okay. Let me know. Okay. There's a lot of tanks. Well, hey, listen, if everybody like, I remember Bill Vines at WIOD years ago, he was a GM. And he interviewed me twice to hire me even though he would lie to about it. But he really didn't need. But the first time he said to me, would you like to be like Sandy Payton? Would you like everybody to like you? And I said, no, if everybody likes you, that means you're boring. Would you like to say anything? Yeah. boring. Like Sandy Payton, lovely lady. Hello, have a nice day. Yeah, that kind of crap with her one and two shares. Who now wants that? Everybody like you. First of all, if you want everybody to like you and go have a nice day. Yeah, that crap. Then you're in a wrong business doing a talk show. I mean, you're going to put everybody into a coma. I can't plan for you. That crap. Is that her name? Can't finish it. I'm sorry. I can't hear that. I'm so pleased. Got it. I can't hear what's. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. You have to believe me as I have to. Sorry. Hi. Come on. Come on. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. oh may God. Plomper. Oh. Is it. That. It's not going to get me. I'm going to write it. I'm going to write it. whatever I do. yeah. That's it! Get your blood, don't you listen! I've got a holy town that I can do for a bit Take it up a fake gold, love it's flat He's only by the spell, give you hell, where is that? Hey! Hey! Hey! No, just a hand alone fake backhand She'd rather leave the gold with pride That magic doesn't show it now Who would be the skits of the town? Who are you? Hey! That's it! Hey! Hey! Hey! Who are you? One, two, three, five, six, you know, if you're... I like the redone ones, better than the redone ones sometimes That's a funny or an original Seven hundred and sixty-four votes, we need to get to nine hundred by one thirty to make our 1,000 by two o'clock What if we don't get to 1,000 votes on a pool by two o'clock? By two o'clock, we're going to put Joseph Gacky on a rest of the month I want to threaten the audience to play a bunch of vosses with you folks, but you better go with it Abandoned you all causes bomb scare, Miami courthouse They'd count the authorities evacuated more than 4,000 people from the county's criminal justice center yesterday During a bomb scare that began after a man abandoned the you all trucked you or restricted parking lot And to stay to attorney's office All of them in late police found no explosives, but for three hours the suspicious incident star out traffic Along one of the main arteries to area hospitals and shut down legal proceedings The scare also highlighted the level of nervousness by authorities at the height of an uncertain age What's it on certain age like about 12th right? In fact, I think this was a good drill for us in Miami police folks woman Dirlish Delresh Moss a lot of work and lot of details But we can't take any chances these days you never know what something bad's gonna happen The incident began about 10 o'clock yesterday morning when the truck's driver backed the 24 foot hover over grassy median And in a way restricted parking lot for prosecutors the trucks bumper backed in the back of a dog pickup parked in a lot causing minor damage The driver then moved the you all several feet before abandoning it on the street between courthouse and prosecutors headquarters Ed Griffith a spokesman for the state attorney's office said the man and ran into the office building and apparently agitated Griffith said the man mumbled something a lot of delivery asked to use a bathroom and then ran away when security credit and tain him It was very very odd Griffith said Soon police ordered everyone inside the courthouse to the state attorney's office and the public defenders office out went and that get that out County jail officials moved in mates to a far into the facility While police put them in the screeners at nearby cedar's medical center on alert the evacuees included judges about 400 people summoned for jury duty And dozens of law enforcement agents scheduled for trial appearances the tense situation further escalated I don't when police learned that someone rented the truck with phoning ID and that courthouse personnel discovered a mysterious package in a stairwell Are you putting this whole picture together? It's not a pretty picture No Some are right at the truck about a DM at a U Hall station in my waist over town neighborhood with a fake drivers license of all said rest in full number The truck was due back this morning Police searched throughout the day for the driver describe the man in his mid 40s Lansing wearing a purple flannel jacket and jeans Oh not that guy Obviously this may didn't care about the truck and didn't want to be near it said Moss we don't want to be near it either After a slow and meticulous search that involved the use of a remote controlled robot bomb technicians found nothing inside the truck And the package turned out to be rolled up jumpsuit police said police also discovered that someone temporarily took signatures system suggesting it was stolen The bus is pretty freaky to me Also speaking of freaky clear town you know those holy holy rollers those upperty uh the god wax right Clear town communications is being criticized by women's alphan vacates over a Christmas contest which granted bright enlargement surgeries to women in four cities The breast Christmas ever contest was aired in Tampa Jacksonville San Luis and Detroit Ms. Drone the Arab Both the National Research Center for Women and Families and the National Organization for Women Now is urged its supporters to file complaints with the FCC The controversy comes within months of clear channel paying a record 1.75 million dollar fine to resolve and decency complaints against Howard Stern Tampa radio personality Bubba loves bunting others While neither group is alleging the breast surgery contest violated decency standards They're complaining the contest rose potentially dangerous surgery and leaves its winners with no legal remedy should the surgery go awry There's nothing worse than a breast that goes awry under the rule winners must be at least 18 In a sign of waiver protecting company from all liability claims I try not to be judgemental about whether a large radio station should be giving away free toys to children Instead of rebressed augmentation said Diana Zuckerman person of the National Research Center for Women and Families and Health Advocate the Organization Now is urging the public to send emails to clear channel and the FCC to complain about what it considers a degrading and unethical contest About 34 messages had been sent to the FCC and clear channel now said yesterday they're pouring in Just like the votes in our poll about Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern certain next Monday Oh January 10. Aren't they pouring in? They better be 781. We got a long way to go till late 50, you know? How many do we need 900 by 130? Never make it. You think how many you know? We'll never make it. We'll never make it to a thousand by two o'clock. No get get your Z on a phone come to crank up those tonsils man Let's see seventy three slow down to a crawl five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of a rising singular wireless line See this one thing about self-floor today and make here a little bit and they may you know a single pretty good song They don't care enough to send a very best they care enough to send a very worst though is George found out last week W2AM hello I thought it's stuck around but if it had been anybody else on from ten to two then you I probably would be upset that That Howard is gonna be off the air right but question is maybe you answered before This QAM sign of contract depends if he gets money for sure And did they continue to pay it that I don't know anything so these these people aren't there already paying more Howard and guilty and a bunch of other people I don't think so I I think there's some legal stuff involved in that because in listening to him that seems to be his biggest gripe Did he go's on and on about with regards to that other station Did it only yeah, yeah, that it was already taken them off. He's saying well they owe me the money and that's all the counts But I think the fact that he was on your every day promoting serious for like four or five hours a day I don't think he's got the leg to stand up because he was all a cb 40 signed that he'll with us I believe the best of my knowledge he already have been working at serious deal I'm sure you have a fair All right have great one. Yeah, good luck to us pal. Thanks Yeah, we need to get to 800 votes by the time by the time Josh runs to the team room here where the bacon egg sandwich he was eating this morning They're they're pouring in now one at a time. This is not a good sign. You know what? Yeah 784 780 to another coming in and chunks. Okay. We're talking about chunks yesterday now they're starting to come in chunks and you're probably asking why is this important? Of course the answer is it's not WQAM hello Just for fun. Yes, sir. How you doing? No, I'm good. I have people later to do you. I just thought about it. Tom, thank you. Just got back in town yesterday. It only took me one day to realize you know I'm going to get out of here Oh man. I turned out that week I spent there. I was there for one week. I thought I was going to lose my mind Yeah, it's the I mean I was in tip for the next one. The amount of that is just more civilized now. Yeah, the comment I wanted to make was did I end up with did I deal for like you said you're conscious? Yes, right great that's the only reason I would continue to live in Florida not that I couldn't watch the year on the internet But I'm not a computer guy. I'm a world and the day I'm a world and guy, you know How would I do that? I mean, I'd rather show it's probably the only valid thing about the metaphor unless you're a peace product But you know, you shouldn't get the skin cancer. That's what I mean. That is no joke. I try to explain to people and you know, it's on a lot of people on see it. But I'm glad to hear you're staying around for a couple of years. That's a great deal. I like to money, man. That's all I want. Just give me that. I don't blame it. Have a great year, Pally. Thanks. We top 800 George U.E. of little faith is 801 now. I was just being adversarial. No, you weren't. You're just being a pin in the ass. That's what I was so many people out there like you. People don't want friendly like, you know, and poor. And like I started before about Sandy Pint. People are a lot loud that Bill Vine. I think he died Bill Vine. I don't know. He was kind of a boring guy anyway. I mean, he's the guy that put Sandy Pint in Bill Smith and I would be and you wonder by boring. Oh my god. We, man. We all to respect to my former boss my good friend, Sid Levin. Who is good buddies with Bill Smith. You ever hear Bill Smith on the air? No. He made Joseph Gacky sound like a Mexican jumping being. That's how coma inducing him. He made Dave Van Boring sound like Mal Allen. Sound like Bob Prince sound like Joe Bowen. How is that lead? Why do we leave so undefeated? Go leave, go away. Yeah. You know what I'm just saying? Nobody we need to care anymore that much. You know what I'm just saying? I mean, they got to keep the chatter going because they got to fill out an airtime like on Leaves TV and some of these sports channels here. Nobody we need to care. You know, we can live without hockey. And once the players discovered that in the players union, well, guess what? I think they've got to come right in back. And average at 1.3 million, even George and Josh might settle for that 1.3. Speaking of how much you're making to your list in 50,000 bucks last year, well, if your answer is yes, then it's definitely time for a career change. Stop being a shleper. Pick up the phone and call fast train today at 1.866 fast train. Fast train can I be a train ready for a great new high paying career. And as little as just for easy months fast train offers high demand high pay career training. If you like computers and you ever thought about becoming a computer network professional, call fast train. This is the easy way to get to training you need at 1.866 fast train. The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all time high and fast train. Like I said, can I be a train ready for that great new career in as little as four months? Put some money in your pocket. Get yourself a real life on a real career with training at fast train. They've got locations in Kendall Miami for Lutterdale, Pemberpines, fast train offers job placement to nature lead for those who qualify too. And they have they evening and we can classes too. They're forming right now. So call today tool for you and change your life forever. Call fast train at 1.866 fast train. You're listening to Neil Roger. I'm listening to him. On 56688. He'll be here. Roger, chair and lots of glad girls. And most millions of you can't read and write. So why should anyone care to our baddest role? I'm a tour. I mean, why do I? We fight with shiny teeth with your pale yellow. Like the common teeth, then go back. We share that out in free to our baddest role. We see all this teenage eyes on the brain. We don't have a stroke. We slowly mind, we'll hear the dark past. We must have to fit the depth of freedom and the status quo. And the blinds have just like every eye blue. It may be that if the deep is ever me, then go on high self-never. And I could reason me, and then revive it. We just couldn't hear seeing the dark past. So why do I? We don't have a good one. We don't have a good one. And we know that this stuff that you've always been there and that this is our special hand. And we have a good one. And we have a good one. So why do you fight croak and the car catastrophic? And the car catastrophic? To be honest, I didn't bring my an action on car from Florida up with me. I'm not going to rob him by it again. But come to find out he has second much more debilitating stroke after the first one. And for those of us who discovered what a piece of crap, walking instrument, grave robbing, a turd burger that he really is from Pernide 9-11. No, wasn't Pernide 9-11. Was it? No, it was going for Columbine. Right. Yeah, it was. Right. So anyway, he had a second stroke. That leaves him partially paralyzed and he can't walk and he can barely speak. And said, we're in so on. Which is why he was not in New Year's Eve. Don't get the dope by this balloony. Wow, he's still recuperating here. Don't think you're going to see him. On our pool, what's your take on high-gogue replacing Howard Stern next Monday on QM? We're going to get to 900 by 130. You think we can do that? Have a shot of 1000 by 2. That's my own extrapolation. You can do it. If you folks get on a horn get with it. Here's a fact that says Neil Gogg, the most powerful G-Dam man in the world. Nobody rips them better. George did a great job. But the reason for the drop in the polling numbers is that you haven't threatened to put George on for the rest of the month. I'm going to put the vote on the pool immediately for thank God you're on 10 to 2. Yeah, I believe any more worse than that. We threatened to put George again. I'll tell you what. We'll put the big O on. How do you like that? We'll put Jeff River on the talk. How do you like that? What we do on a hockey show is three days a week starting in February. If you don't get with it. Think that with it? No. And then it says here, thank you very, very, very much for renewing your contract. If I introduce my X, Y, if to Mr. T, can you ever receive? Well, do you understand what this is? No, I did not. See you, NT, Muzzle Club. I have no idea what that means. I haven't got a clear Mr. T. We got Mr. G. We should only write in the hell. We got Mr. T. We got Mr. Z. Don't forget Mr. Z. From the race track, Mr. Z. Never met him. He is the walking reason why so many people despise New York. Mr. Z. He never met him. He makes the guy with the icing like Santa Claus. 829. They're creeping in crawl. They're not coming in clumps like we need to do. Like the votes they carry need in Ohio. He need to get big clumps. When they're especially when a kid thrown his votes out in a table, and he couldn't get the big clumps you needed. Nice campaign, by the way, John. Come in to QAM. Hello. Hi. How are you? I'm saying, you're voting. We're taking the survey. Yeah, we're taking the survey. What's the question? USC or Oklahoma. A question? Oklahoma. OK. 560560. Now, who wouldn't want to get paid to do this? Right? Seriously. I mean, we talked to so many rocket scientists. Have you ever been to somebody brightest, some of the most articulate and the other thing of it is, they're always telling me that George gets the intellectual colors. And again, we're going to show. You're, huh? You make that up. George was telling you that I don't make that up. That's what they make it up. They tell me that you get the more intellectual colors. Yeah. I'm just a dumb common slob. You're like a bookworm, man. Yeah, right. You're a lot of stuff. And that's why you got all those intellectuals last week. Well, then you expect to get around holiday time. Who's sitting around calling talk shows, and Christmas in New Year's. The most chronic low life, no life losers, whoever. I have no right. 12 around on a globe. 835. We're not going to make 930. I'm, I'm getting really bummed out. Get on the phone to Joe's a gacky. WDQA and hello. Ring Ray Lucas back. WDQA and hello. I was just called the loser. Oh, I am. Okay. Listen, if this guy, the default comes over. Does he bring the polyman with him? Ne, polyman is part of the package, yeah. And do you ever have any answer on Saturday again, and then trade out the station, hoard the station, and you have what I was traduzed. And also, he has to have at least one show a month from the engine. Yeah. Did you ever notice polyman's just announced just like, or winkle? Yes. All right, that's all. 10 person, thank you. 560, 5060, pound 560 on either rising in singular or rather slime. A lot of changes for the New Year man. A lot of surprises. And also, I was reading Jim Sarnino, who knew nothing about any of this stuff involving. Sarnino blew the whole story, okay. The big story was our mondial cell car. What is his name? Cell cowl? Cell camera. What is name? Cell girl? And the hero? Jim Sarnino missed a whole thing. So, jica had the story about Stern, and the hero had the story about the dolphins. But between the two papers, they can't seem to get her out. And I just don't understand what passes for journalism in South Florida. I'll use that expression very loosely. Then I'm reading Sarnino coming to find out that ESPN radio is carrying Nick Saven's press conference is introductory dolphin head coach press conference at two today. Are we carrying that? No. Because parents, you know, made a yuck yuck with me before. We had a Nick Saven press conference, but not during ten to two so they couldn't interfere with the show. I shouldn't have that in the contract, too. Next time we can't figure one of those stupid sports press conferences that they have to keep the pot open. So whatever sounds I play in a bag. Go on a year. At least that makes it entertaining, okay. That was it as crazy when we had the Dave W. One said farewell to press conference. When the one said, there were a came to an abrupt end. When he got fired. I mean, when he resigned. W. K. W. I'm going to say something. I'm going to say something. I don't know. Okay. I'm going to say something. You talking about the tsunami yesterday. What is the same place to go? I'm going to jump on sample road. It's got to be about ten to ten stories. Hi. Yeah. Okay. Have a good time. Five six seven. Five six. Let's see. What do we got? We got nine hundred yet. E53. This is going to be tough man. I think this is going to be the toughest assignment we've ever had. Any time we ever gotten close to the 1000 votes on the poll, I think we've always made it. Right. We have every time we've had some speakers that went right down the last couple of minutes. We got 36 minutes and we need a hundred and forty six people to vote on a poll. And it's a very crucial. I mean, life in death polls. Isn't that important? No. Well, we think it is. A 54. Let's see. 146. And we got 35 minutes now. So that's like what three votes a minute for four. Isn't it? I'll take your word for one. Well, not should be easy. It should be like falling off a log. Man, it's numbers are four in language today. No, it's one. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. All right. Neo, clarify something for me. Ha ha ha ha. That's just called waiting. I think. Wasn't it? That's the thing. That was there. No, it was not a hang up. Trust us. It's got sliced off. I'm not something. Maybe it was Reverend Jones, boyfriend. Maybe he was busy. Welcome. WQAM. Hello. Two a.m. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. I just want to say one thing, man. All you guys, what's not you personally, but whatever QAM is getting, you guys deserve it. Because you guys are shuffling the board like no one else. Yeah. Okay. So big old and jelly and mall. You guys deserve all these fine bags. Okay? That's what I think. And you guys have a young guy, a quarter south there. And he doesn't even get any time. I mentioned him this morning. George, and I say to you when you were talking about the board, or the short ones, you've heard this right off the bed. You're a good job. Yeah, he's a young guy that you guys think, Roman, why not put him out there, you know? There you go. Certainly, he's going to be so a ganky man. Yeah, I agree with you, Neo. I really think the guy's got a talent. You guys think, Roman and he needs to know. And I think he knows what he's talking about. It knows his sports. And there's another thing. We're, we're, we're, um, we're, um, couple of people that you guys mentioned. Don't know too much about sports, including beef. Oh, yeah. Yeah. All he knows about is the engine. Okay, have a great day, pal. And plunge him is go to something about me. I can't stand those gamblers. By the way, I got to have him get to woodbine. 27 after one. Let's see. How are we doing? 1863. We need 137 and 33 minutes. It's like four, uh, hundreds. Yeah, just about four minutes. Well, we got to get, we got to get frantic, fantastic response in there. And last 33 minutes of the show. We think we can do it. Can it happen? No. Is there any chance, huh? No. Why do you say that? Well, there's a chance. You know, you want to hear Joe's a gacking on his, uh, the rest of the month, uh, a whole month of January by the time we come back, we're going to all points. We'll be in a minus column. I'm not going to hear it. Reson, I see if he would listen to Howard in the morning. He'd have been more successful. He would have stayed on QAM to your fault. Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1 800 mattress right now. You know, nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health, the way you feel and your productivity and a good night's sleep. And you can get one tonight and a good night's sleep too from that on my first by calling 1 800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or maybe you're noticing that it's saggy or lumpy, it's time for a new one. Two of them are complete line of the top names in the world. They got silly and Simmons and Surtich King Coil, tempered, extremes and foster you it. And dialometrist takes same day orders all day long from candle to steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And you still get to pick that date and two hour delivery window when you want that night pressed delivered when it's convenient for you when your ass is going to be in the house. And they're mighty proud of their 99.7% on time delivery record too. Dileometrist won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Church of War for Excellence. For years, I've been a satisfied dialometrist customer and I guarantee you will be too. So instead of wasting your time money and effort and those vetting and department stores paying for their big overhead, do this smart thing, just sit on your fat ass, make one easy call and they'll be knocking on your door whenever you want. 1 800 mattress or log onto their website, macros.com. Dileometrist 1 800 mA TTRES. You're listening to Neil Rush 6 exclusively on 5.6. You're a kid, you took Flintstone's vitamins to make sure you'd grow up big and strong. What's a day? Big and strong isn't good enough any more. That's why you need to give your kids Flintstone's chewable steroids, a non-bidiment would be extra fun. The past year itself, what's your mind kids need most? Healthy, balanced nutrition for a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can claw anything in their hands. When those chewable steroids come in poor tasting flavors, like Flintstone Dile, bamboo and oxymdeno greens. With Flintstone's chewable steroids, your kids will love their new bulk and striated muscles as you, and it'll be gears before they even care about their ever-stricken genitalia. And what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her rounding troop to have her own go-team? God, class of small bra for a lethal, breast-eating. I start bra for a lethal! Make your kid a Flintstone's chewable steroids, kids! 10 million strong and volging! 132, 894 votes we got a show. We didn't make it quite an eye hundred by 130, but we're like on the edge of it. We're on the precipice of greatness we can get to a thousand by two o'clock with a hundred and six more to go. Right into it. We can do it. You can do it. Okay. Half on it, man. When it down, half on it. Now radio and record is finally underweb-sized finally got window this. Howard Stern loses Miami affiliate. Better late than ever, boys. It says this time it's a measly broadcast group sports talker WQA Miami. That's cutting loosely. Syria satellite radio bound king of all media. What are they? Kisses answer what? Stern will be replaced in warning drive by local host Hank Goldberg, who moves to wake up from afternoon drive. It's a second time, unless in a year, that Stern's found himself out a home on the Miami radio dial. I can't imagine why. I can't imagine what local Ojo on provocative tours responsible for that. He was dropped from WBGGFM early last year in the wake of the FCC stepped up in decency enforcement and he was in the Miami market until being picked up. Oh, was missing an action in the market until being picked up by QM last August. No word yet in a whole replaceable. We're going to have to drive a station like four to seven. Jim Manich, we believe unless of course he's going to fly the coast and go. See that would be really something. If mad dog went with it if they hit the little dog and the big dog. And the small dog in the large dog living large all the dogs. I said, let's send D for over there. You don't say having hired him yet. No, they have it. And they, of course he's looking man. He is he is just oh brother from what I hear. That's just a rumor of course. How about that that we got that story on about Alzar Carway. And that's something yesterday. Wait a scoop. Yeah. Sculpted by 23 hours we scooped a mainstream media with a story that American forces have captured the Anxious Abu Musaab Alzar Carway that's slime ball. That scum. Fucking. And there hasn't been the death says. Yeah. That's what you think. They're dying over there like flies. But it's for good cause though keep that in mind. Right. It's worth it. It's well worth it. Freedom shot a march. We need one more for 900. What do you got on yours because we don't always coordinate here. Not always mixed in match. I got a error page could not be displayed. 902. Why does there are there lean on it? They're hopping on it. They're leaning on it. What's your take on the Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern situation on QM next Monday, January 10. I'm thrilled. Neil will be back to 10 to 226. 30 and a half percent. I don't care. Don't listen before Neil anyway. 164. I'm pissed but I'll still listen to Neil 131. I'm thrilled for our Hank Goldberg's fortunateer at fan 116. I'm pissed off. I'm sure with QM 80. Pist off. Bye bye. And John McLaughlin would say bye bye. I'll still listen to Stuart on the buzz 68. Hank blows. I won't listen only 67. That's a nice place. That's a good idea. Good sign. Wrong. Why 9 QM hello. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Neil I've got it. You got it? Yes. Don't pass it around. While I went to Hank in the morning and deeper when something the afternoon. Okay. It's right. I'm going to Hank. Man, I didn't think I could have gotten our guarantee that you talk about a great Hey, wow. I've listened to that though. Yeah, that would be pretty interesting. I guarantee that. Wow, wow, wow, wow. People with two and in from miles around and hear Hank greet more every morning. Hey, stupid. WKOM hello. Neil, I didn't you should go on a shower start in the morning. Yeah. Okay. That's where you're breathing, troll. WKOM hello. 2 AM. Hello, Neil. Yes. Oh, I'm out here. I'd love you to death. I'm a triple threat. Triple threat. Yes, I'm a woman. Yeah. I'm a Christian and a police officer. Oh my God. Oh my God. And I love you to death. I've listened to you for years. I wouldn't have missed anything. Where do you hang out? Where do you work? I work for BSR and all the BSR all man. Oh man. We think the world of your beef. We'll see you in the possum. I mean, Ken Jenny, be sure to give a big kiss on the forehead for us. Oh, yes, sure. It's a big target. Yes, sure. You bet he is. Have a great new year. Thanks. See you. I like that. That's like a one lady in each day and two days in a row. That's almost a wreck. I don't understand what that's all about. Well, I think the way we do the screen list that they like. They don't have time for that. They might break their nails with the revile. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and a horizon. Second of the world of slime. Are we going to make it? What do you say? What do you say, Josh? Yeah. 9, 13. Now they're starting to chunk up a little bit. You know? And I'll tell you some really good news. I've dodged the bullet. Oh, good. Okay, it's your tell? 9, 16. Can you hear it? I can hear it. But you know, I might be talking about way through it. No, because there's no more grass. No more grass. I think my ionic breeze quadred in it for me. Did you lick it? Well, you're going to see the schmutz when you clean those things out. You're going to see the schmutz in there. Then you would believe. Maybe for your birthday next year instead of cash, I'll buy you one of those. I'll know things. Ah, ha ha ha ha. In fact, for Josh, why don't you buy Josh one instead of that big TV? We're going to buy that kind of for now. No. No, I don't want it, huh? Makes a breeze between your knees. W to Q a n hello. Q a n. We could do some of that. Going once with the radio turn that pretty loud in the background. Going twice. I'm Q a n. Hello. Uncle Neil, yes sir. I'd rather listen to Alan Burke than Hank in the morning. Really, even in his present state. For example, he just dropped his casket right up there in the studio. Get rid of Hank. He smells goodbye. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was funny. W to Q a n hello. W to a six questions. No, I don't think. W to Q a n hello. Hello. Happy New Year Neil. Another lady. That's 2 out of 4. I can't believe. Oh, oh yeah. Why, and I'm even in West Palm. Why? I'd rather listen to no radio. I only have ears for you. Good for you. Bye bye. Thanks. We don't have a happy. You can do. Wow. This is what is going on over here. Man, oh man, it's a little licky ticky time. We just heard from Ricky Tiki a while ago. And that's licky ticky. This is great. And take a look at that pull. We're going to make it. You'll see. You have a little faith. You always do that. I think you have to do this plan. You're a second to audience out. It's a thing with your mind. Although I'm not too sure to be honest with you. What do you got? I think it could do. I've happened. 929. We need 71 and 21 minutes. It doesn't make a genius to figure out. That's like a three, nine, a half. Right? Right. There's a lot of work cut out for us. 929. So if you want to hear the chic, every day for a rest of my. We're going to break the chic. I'm tired of throwing these other people. It's a new work in too well. Chris, they probably don't know who they, yeah, they don't know the chic. Finally, I'm going to be our net. Yeah, there we go. Come on. Now you know you're going to be our net. Finally I'll be the other net. Finally I'll be the other net. Yeah. The chic. Here are the chic trees. He was Steve Nickel's idea of a great talent. If I had any seen his deal without the deal, he would have the drops. He would have to drop. It sounded just like him. Yeah. 21 till 2 at 5.60, WWQM, the world-famous, and I did anybody tell us whether we're having a press conference or two, are we carrying the next statement press conference, the former coach of Michigan State and LSU, nobody told us. Hey, right now it's time to talk about acceptance capital mortgage and everyone's main main Anthony Kelliando, whether you're buying a new house or we financing, looking to get cash out or just paying down your debt. Acceptance capital mortgage will show you the way to get it done. Acceptance capital specializes and just about any situation under the sun, they'll get it done whether others can't. 100% financing, option arms, new construction loans, investor commercial properties they do with all. Check out acceptance capital stress fee mortgage payment program, pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month with the PICIPATE program. No one income verification is even necessary. And your credit score doesn't determine your approval like all of the programs because at acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people, especially when they work in QAM. In most cases you can pull out cash paid off our new debts and still pay less for your mortgage payment every month. So call Anthony Kelliando, would acceptance capital today and find out why he really is everyone's main man. That's acceptance capital mortgage column right now, toll free if he needs some cash. 1 AAA for a 3 loan. That's 1 AAA for a 3 L O A N. 1 L O R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U R U X R U O R U R U R U F Who's that hole? I'll throw him to the hole, and I'll throw him to the hole. He's back to the hole. Oh! You'll be bold, so we're going to throw him to the hole. And I'll throw him to the hole, and he'll die to the hole. And I'll throw him to the hole. I'll try you look at the hole. I'll throw him to the hole, and I'll throw him to the hole. Fuck. Fuck. I think we got to look for him. I think we got to look for him. We got 15 minutes to get like 40, what do we got? 42 more, right? That's about 6 to 3 a minute, right? We've been operating at a higher rate than that because the people are frantic that were going to put Drew Michaels on every day for the next three months if they don't get to a thousand. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Now tomorrow's this the first hour. I don't want to drag that whole thing on because they just are that many names. There aren't that many names. We'll find out who this crowd would like to have on noon to two. I mean, they had noon to two. Two to four, right? But this is an hour. Because the story has been a lot about 10, 15 every day now. So we'll have maybe 11, 30. Because how many names are we got? And I'm not talking about Rick and says they're not putting Rick and Sugs on between two and four. Okay, trust me what I tell you. Is there even any point putting that on there? No, of course not. To be honest with you, our man has been doing a little bit of a whole Rick and Sugs are much less so I have any intention of putting them on. W2AM, hello. Thank you. Yeah, bring that joy. That's a good idea. W2AM, hello. Hey. How about Howard Stern saying I just want to let you know that they're real Howard Stern and still even listen to five, six, any more. Because you can't understand a word that they're saying. Then how come you listen right now? Because he's not out. It's already over. But during the morning, you put on the buzz. So it's used as anyways. That listening a long time ago. So I can't say anything. Okay, great. Okay, thanks. If that you listen right now, whatever he just said, do you have any idea what he just said? He's saying that the Stern fans don't listen to Stern on this state. Well, I see. Well, he was kind of like mumbling a little bit. Maybe he had like a little lunch in his mouth. WQAM, hello. No. Yes sir. I do sir. I'm doing fine. You're putting up the little lamb, though, that's been listening. It says 1990. Oh, no. I've been trying to call you since you went on vacation. I'm sure I'll forgive something. I used to listen to that real radio with all the archives and stuff. Right. And that's something that you're more cue on there. You're proud Johnny Garg. If I keep knew I have a heard it. I mean, I have now. But I recently found it. And before you were Miami, you were so soda. Coral. Before was in Miami, it wasn't West Tom and WJNL. But you did work in soda soda. Oh yeah, WSPB, which is no longer that. I don't know what it is now. It's like a classical AM station or something. You remember WYND? Sure. I worked there for a month. But passionate on it. I worked for a month and I never got paid. That's why I was calling. There was some guy who used to have the bird on. And he worked up here in Coca-Cola, right? Right. That is correct. There was a guy who had the work on the runway. Worked on the runway. You went by the name. Pepper to lip sync. Pepper looks good. Think. Yeah. You remember them? No. Never heard of them. There's a real nice day. Power. I'm sorry for me. Five, six, seven. Why is this that the people are a landow and Tampa who listed a was. Are such radio groupies? I guess probably the answer is because they're radio groupies. I mean, I think the guy said to cut you off there. But I was starting to get colotose myself. And I want to stay wide away so we can celebrate our 1000 votes on the pool. Charge. Court. This is going to be impressed when we hit that. Does Mark, we haven't done this in quite a while. Have we been doing the show? No, not a while. I think you write it down on the chalkboard in the back. That we keep track of these. The first time of the new year. Yeah. First time in 2005. We got 975. We need 25 more votes in 12 minutes. That's only two a minute. Even George can finger that out. Right? Why is so bad with numbers? It's my thing. You're saying you're just saying you're just saying you're just saying you're just saying you're talking about numbers. I'm a genius when it comes to that. In fact, I was looking through all that stuff. I totally did that box to my mother had with all those two things. There was a letter from the mayor of Canaan, Bigwin, New York to in direct congratulating me on being the chosen for the National Honor Society. Welcome back to the Committee. Right. To the community I was, of course, back in that day. He didn't realize I was a faggot. But seriously, it was all these things that she kept, that she hung on. It was tragic. We were saying. You know what I think there's a message in the box from mom. You know what she was trying to say? I have no life. Right. Are you as parents do that huh? Yeah, yeah they do. Sometimes they stage things just so they can't clean things out. So it appears that they're really interested in concerned and involved when in the meantime they couldn't give a crap list. That would just say. Right. Or probably what she gave too much of a crap, but not the right time. Not the kind that she desired to give. What? Maybe she just would have if Joshua introduced mom to that bacon next sandwich, he might be still around a day, you know? The one he had yesterday. The one that sent him racing down the hall. That thing you talked about the wax paper this morning with fanboy. That kind of like leaves a lump in my ear. You're going to want to draw a him up. Oh god. What about the paper? Even Joshua, they're when racing. Clarence, we're racing out of the room when you started that crap. That cut rate cut rate. You know what it is? That's a brand name. That's a brand name. I remember cut right wax paper. Well people use wax paper anymore. Yeah they do. Sure. Get out of here. People use Sir Rand Rath. They use tin foil. Nobody uses wax paper anymore. You get waxy build up man. 98 I got. I'm just killing some time here. I want to make sure we get to this thousand. I want these people screwed off and leave it in a hang of a little bit. Sure. 98 88 in the sunshine state. It's going to be great. We're going to go and do that with our eyes closed. Go to shine. WQA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Nileone. I got one for you. Yeah. I'm trying to get a hold of you for the longest time. Here I am. What did you lay here? Anyway. Yeah go listen to that delay. Man will drive you nuts. I got a question. We have to eight minutes. I have a question for you. Go ahead. Robin Quivers. Robin Quivers yes. That's it. That's the question. Yes Robin Quivers and that's why she sounds like that right. What she's doing the news. Wow. He's been trying to get a hold of me for the longest time to find out if Robin Quivers and what does Don Know. What's he doing? What's he doing? What's he doing? What's he doing? What's he doing? What's he doing? What's he doing? I want you to take yourPat hat of your own ass. Okay? Oohhh! Oh she's why we wait for him now. He's quite  him like a roast guy. He Porters a Someday World Mall. An Order of shacks on he gathers and eyes moves over ice tie. Owww. You Challenge pirated. You're helping when she lies. She'll make her prison Bubbab with more than 379. once in 242 companies. Spong act an Inoe to give theock life tomato and put in the driver's hand Leggie to grab a pac pong  Yet rich, that is pretending they were inferior, all meaningless. And becomes my soul and son. I am a big man. Our great point three demos are a very magical moment on the flag of life. One, fifteen, five, he doesn't know like, the special songs are in a big may. We did it. We got over a thousand like they would say we did it and you were worried about it thousand four days really just coasting on into the finish line like secretary when in the Bellmont state expired we did it What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on WQAM at starts next Monday January the 10 be sure and tell everybody about it Because this deep ass out for sure isn't gonna promote it. I'm thrilled. You'll be back to 10 to 2 32 23 almost 32 percent that kept inching up there a little bit and you want to know why why Well, because as the as the show goes on against close out further away from 10 and closer to two So we have more of our people and fewer of sterns people you see that right I don't care it all listen before any way 181. I'm pissed but I'll still listen to me 149 That didn't sound like a kiss. It sounded like something I've seen actually I did I'm thrilled by my Hank a sports nerd sports fan 121 on pissed off. I'm true with QM 86 five-by you guys suck. I'm true I can understand and we keep teasing and teasing and you know Pulling out the ball and then pull him to the Yankeh in it away I'll listen to it on the bus 77 Hank blows and I won't listen to all 77 out of a third thousand fourteen votes not too shabby and for those who may have missed the earlier assignment Let's see the dolphins it looks like are going to ESPN radio, but it's not it's not officially It looks like that but we got Hank the upper end of morning. We got him reopt We have no idea what we're doing between five and seven in the morning Which had better not be sporting news radio that'll be one of the biggest most egregious mistakes in the history of broadcasting Even worse than putting on Scott for a and following up with Howard Stern and then between two and four And you have no will find out what tomorrow with it with our audience right what you want and then whatever you want will do the opposite That's the way it generally seems to work right here. Yeah, whatever makes sense whatever the audience wants See you know one thing radio people want listeners and TV viewers you know what the word is? Consistency that's the word that is exactly the word It's just like when you're making like a ganache is nothing called who calls it the chocolate stuff the number they called ganache like when a I'm not the stuff on the outside right right and you have to keep checking the consistency That's what people want is they know about could a certain time they're gonna turn on and they're gonna hear whoever the hell it is Pretty much in a certain time they want to know a seven o'clock and I'm gonna turn on channel 10 and watch wheel of fortune right right instead of like Maybe but we don't do that the Q and we keep like moving it all around like like to just to try to keep you on your toes Maybe it's like our in endurance contest because I know working here sure is and people will say Well, G if they treat you people so poorly and so badly and so shabby Why did you just re up for two more years? I did it for one reason you wonder what that is? I know the reason no you don't okay. What do you think it is? Money no, okay the piss off mighty bill. Oh Yeah, that would have guessed it that's the endurance contest to piss off mighty bill And I had you written in the contract which will really piss them off because now he can't get you fired it How's that sounds brutal yeah, so there you go, mighty bell. Okay. There's a special in fact Somebody was telling me that over the weekend. There's a special place in hell for a guy named Maddie Bell I won't have you swell. Oh God well all run around this like quasi motor will ring the bell when mighty bell rhymes brought some help Really well anyway, that's gonna do now. Are we carrying that press conference with the next Sabin we are? Yeah, we will be carrying the press conference next Sabin you were new head coach at a my new dolphin We're sure ain't no no England Patriots, but nevertheless who the hell is when you got those Jewish quarterbacks? You got that AJ touchy feeling who's always feeling in touchy because he's always got like Exyn pains he's aching and pain and over there But you got next Sabin who can't be all bad because he coached at a real school where they really know how to do it Michigan state I'm not talking about winning football games. I'm talking about getting late Wasn't for suds there be no show there be no show there be no rock solid and for suds there be no show