I'd like that, huh? I'd like that. You want to hear it again? Oh, don't. Okay. I'm still 11 from the first one. But you better watch yourself now. 189 and a scale this morning, baby. I got a whole new leash on life. Why, what's going on with you? Well, you didn't know about life. You didn't know me the last of your story. No. I've never been listening to you that he's diabetic and what happened. He's in bad shape. It's a little bit too late, but I think the learning from his example. I think his mentors' life may be saved because, and I got to thank the guy in Lakeland, what's his name again, the Deryl. Deryl, who facts me on Friday. In the last five days, I haven't had one drop of sugar, candy, ice cream, crap, nothing. I've lost the four pounds down to 189. And I don't have any desire for it anywhere. I just walk right by it in a supermarket or the convenience store. I don't even look at that crap. That, that, that, that, that, that baby says, no, well, you'll, you'll find out. That guy's going, he's already had a foot amputated. He's going blind. Yep. He's in bad shape. And I, and I ripped him out after reading that a Friday. And I have to apologize for that today because it was just, it was not the right thing to do. I mean, see, is one thing. I remember Mike Disney once said, comparing me in Steve Kines, he says, Neil, those were to draw the line. Steve doesn't have any line. His no line. And we got somebody like that on this radio station who has no line. I don't want to get into personalities, but nevertheless, I will. Good to rip him in ass. He has no life. He has no line. He has no line. He has no line. He just stays all over the place. And especially behind the, you're off the air behind the scenes. I want this one fire did it right now. And I, I'm going to, you know, all of a sudden, crap. Remember there was a character in the house. Remember there was a character in how he duty called Mr. Bluster. Sure. Finish him. That's him. Mr. Bluster. Okay. So today it's Neil and finish. And then, uh, and how do you do that? No more mad dog. For the West. Well, that's right. He's done his last show of the year. And today's only December 15. Well, what a guy. More power to a man. I'm all for the talent. He's my hero. That's right. Me too. He ain't no, um, Dan LaVastard. But, Anderson Jason Cole was on this morning for default on the other across the street. Jason Cole. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe they can put the paper boy on the ear next to somebody's sick over there. The newspaper boy. Hey, can't you want to go there? Or maybe you'll have, of course, we've got some people too, you know. Well, I guess. So the beast is pushing for his own show now. That's okay. I don't mind the ambitions. And I said you're going to abandon the Humphor and you said, yeah. Yeah. Nice. Well, these guys, they all have delusions of fantasy, you know. Let me tell you something that the beast works hard on his show. He does. And, you know, he's always willing to pitch in when he's called on. I have no problem with the beast. Well, good. And I, you know what? If he has the ambitions to move on, good for him. More power to him. Yeah. As the Chinese say, gigas into hate. Exactly. Right. I can replace him in a flip. No. That was a great shot. There was a good. And the guy is giving up the bread. I'm trying to save his life. Yeah. It's really, it's just, you know, when you talk about it in generic terms, like, oh, well, this is going to happen. And that's going to happen. And it doesn't mean anything. But when somebody you know is suffering the ravages of what you could be in, like, you know, six months. You know, if he knows, lost, I don't know if it's a foot. I know he's lost and toes. Really? Yep. I told you the story about the member big daddy. He had the hot big daddy nap. Yes. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. And then when the, I told you story many times, but it's just shocking to show you how people are just sad. And they try to be open to famous over their indeney. They had the pink collar there by Danny Highline. They reopened the famous and who had lasted for a few months. Remember that? Yes. So it was a sponsor of mine. So I went there for lunch one day. I ordered a kishki by the way. Didn't have any. Just me off. But anyway, so Larry and his wife sit down on my table. And we're talking and big fat people. And she's about to go in to have a leg amputated as we call. And they're both diabetic. And as we're sitting there talking, the waiter or waitress comes over and they both order a chocolate egg cream and they're pouring the chocolate syrup into the, I set their, you know, even being the pig that I was at the time and I'm thinking to myself, you're telling me that you're diabetic and you're getting an amputating, you're sitting here eating chocolate syrup in front of me. I just, it's very sad. Hey, there was some of us at the lip with that. I got a promise. I understand. It's a battle. And you know, if I were skinny talking about it, I would be a jackass. I mean, you know, pointing with finger, but I've been through it all my life. And you make excuses to yourself, well, I'm addicted to the, and I'm addicted to it. It's just, but it's just easy to make the excuse. I'm addicted to this. I'm addicted to eating, uh, whenever the hell I feel like I weather them hungry or not. And you're not. You're not addicted because if you were addicted, how could I just, how could I quit cold turkey Friday afternoon after reading that facts and the, the blog? How could I just say, okay, I'm no more. I don't even have any desire for it anymore. Well, if you're addicted to something, you can't just do that. I don't think sugar is addictive, is it? Well, I think I look at it this way. It's addicted from the standpoint where you find carbohydrates because of the stuff they put in there, the chemicals that when you start eating, it's like the Pringles spots you can't eat only one. Yeah. That's because they put chemicals on there that stimulate your taste buds. So when you eat a little bit, you want more instead of satisfying your appetite, you want more and you become ravenous. But if you don't eat it at all, you're a lot better off. And if that's what I'm doing, I'm not touching it. Oh, the poles are up in an erect. I'm going to say that they need to take out the CNNMS and BC. And of course, Fox goes with that sand. Just went and doubted take them out. Let's get parabits in on the case. I don't know what he said about Hugo Chavez. Yeah. When it doubt, let's take them out for lunch. Maybe you ought to take them all off for lunch. Maybe you took a bomb a little bit. Maybe you could try to humanize them a little bit. I got some lunch for you. Oh, okay. How about some pizza, huh? I'm going to have a big pizza friend. Yeah. I'll send them one. Yeah. So the number of people that I have a death wish for has been reduced now, it's down to two. One is the unmentiable one whom we all know. And the other one we also want to do. We're going to play a serious death wish. And I'm not joking about that. I have never seen such a Schmitt-Disturber, evil, evil person, a thing. I won't even say personal, we'll be getting carried away as that. Nice going, Greg Man, you know how to pick him. Let's send Greg down to those. Well, they call me, you pick him fields down there where they pick the strawberries. And the automators, down there in the ranger, wherever it is. You should come back for now. No, no. No thanks. For what? I won't even be there next week. I'm going to be on vacation next week. Tomorrow is our last to get together for a while. Well, that's right. Yeah. How long you going for this time? A week? Just a week. Okay. I want to knock over. There's 80,000 days in the summer time. Yeah. Throwing, not like mad dog, though. Boy, that's a, you got a seal. I got a deal. I got a deal. I got a deal. Like, cat to him, man. That is really beautiful. That's a deal. So the seal. That's a deal. So the seal. That's a deal. So the seal. He was passing the teacher like I was standing still. Like I was laying out, prone. Yep. And he owes the vote to thanks. He got a call up. Hey, by the way, thank you, Joel. Fine, Bert, for getting Hank in the mad dog. Such good deals. Thank you very much. And we're glad that we played on the air. Oh, the whole camper one. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't, you know, over, uh, Don't make the same mistake. Don't, huh? Don't make the same mistake, right? Yeah. Because we don't really want him in the middle. Hey, listen. You know, you don't have us. It opens it up for Jason Cole. I'd like to see dope camper go in here and just step on him. Just sit on him. You know, I don't, I've never seen Joel find Brianna. He's like two feet tall or ten feet tall, but dope camper. Good squash and like a net, you know? Like to see him just go in there just for all the time. So you can just squash him. Just sit right on his well, ask. Sit on his face. That's bad. Sorry, Joyce. Oh. Joel might enjoy it. 10. 6 folks. It's on my time. Oh, God. Is it panic? Well, I might note, and I did though you'll be pleased to know I did. Nice. Come back. It will bind. I started out pretty good. Then I started doing real bad. And I left my machine. I was going to be a pilot. And then I went back to it and I went most of my money back. Lost only 500 bucks which considering I was losing my ass was pretty good. Saturday at four states races, it called. Good ones. Well, I won't be, I'll be abroad. Oh, yeah. Where are you going? Where are you going on your trip? To Amsterdam. You haven't been there for a while. Have you? Few months. Yeah. I go there maybe once a year now. I get around. Bruin. Colom. Rome. Bartholoma. You like Berlin. I think you would be talked about Berlin. I'll never lose it. I'll tell you. Anybody that wants to go to first place that you want to go in Europe. Well, the great cities in the world. I would say, Rome number one and Berlin number two. It really is. I enjoyed Berlin a lot. And if people got some time like maybe a couple of weeks, they really ought to make it over to Colon. Have you ever been in Colon? No. Oh, man. Now if you go to Amsterdam, you get on the train and it's only about a two hour train trip from Amsterdam and on that high speed that ice train. Yeah. Piece of cake. Yeah. Take me a little couple of magazines or a newspaper by the time you're finished reading it, you're already there. And the Colon is just sensational. Beautiful. Very modern. They got that big, the Dom, you know, every city in Europe. Got that big church, you know, the huge, right by central station by the train station. In fact, the train station is beautiful itself. They got all these shops and restaurants. It's fabulous, oh, man. Colon is great. Sounds like a plan for me. And unlike South Florida, all these young living and breathing beautiful people. I'll tell you one thing, man. I don't care what anybody says. Let me say it again for the umpteen time. Although I've never been an Asia, but that's to me, though, of the places I've been. I've been in Sweden, I've been in Finland, I've been a lot of places. The people in Germany, man. Not that in Southern Germany, not in Frankfurt. Those people are like mostly a muggles. But in Colon and Berlin, those are the most beautiful people in the world. They're, I just, it's scary. I love really scary. You haven't been Australia. No. There are two busy beaten up Lebanese now, so I don't want to go there. Now, what, what, what, and you've been Australia? A few years ago, yeah. Yeah, that's a long trip. Yeah, I just slept. Yeah, 24 hours, I think. Yeah, but I like to. We're getting a foot of snow here today by the way. There's almost no snow on the ground right now, but to Safnoon, it's going to start. We're getting 30 centimeters, which I looked at up. That's a foot of snow just before I leave. So if they'll I get on here tomorrow. Well, I hope so for you. And I hope you have a wonderful, you're not tomorrow. I'm here tomorrow. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Are you going to be calling sick tomorrow? No, no, I'll be here. Good. So always a good idea to show up. Even a senior wife. I'm sure there's somebody there would love to send me off. Yeah, well, yeah, off the planet. Yeah, I got to tell you to say about that trial that I too believe me. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm. Why would you suggest to watch for us? I'm just joking. You think I'm serious? Yeah. You really think I'm serious. I can't even envision that. I can't even imagine that. I mean, where would we go? You know, where they allow food fights. Well, you missed Wolfies and Boca. That's out of business now. Yeah. So two a for that. All those good old places. Yeah. I drove past the Rascal house last night. Well, and that would be a good place. You can go in there. A couple of old, you can go in there. Exactly. And they have a big sign up. Try to attack each other with those knives they got in there with a plastic knife. Yeah, they have a big sign up, NASA's open 24 hours. Oh, I. Waiter wanted. So, you know, things don't work out over the sushi lunch. Never mind. I can't imagine. Waiter wanted. And that place. Oh, could you imagine we don't waiter there? Well, that is what you just happened at the Wolfies on 21st and on the beach. I told you, three different times I was in there and waitresses. Ripped off their aprons and ran out. This is a crazy house. I'm going to because the client told we're just impossible. I used to think it was the people they hired. It was a chicken and the egg thing which came first. But it was definitely the clientele. That's when soft beach was a lot different than it is now. Master old Jews man. Oh, yeah. I guess this should outside in front of those old. Those old hotels were now they're all very chic. Everything's always crazy. They're always crazy. And wolfies in the celebrity room. Yeah. I picked yours a Jackie Gleason and all the other people in the near. All the big celebrities. Well, that is celebrity's 50 years ago. Yes. What's quite a place. No people are old and right. Yes. I'm pretty God free. Right. Yeah. Have you ever figured that out? Why are they named the street on Miami Beach? Which used to be like a 90% Jewish after one of the work. How about eight off Hitler's ways? Is that coming next? Yeah. Hank Meyer got that done. He got eight out of the street. He got eight out of the street. Yeah. What used to work for him, didn't you? No. I thought you worked for him. I worked for an A&C. He was the A&P R firm. I see. I knew Hank. But you knew him. Yes. Well, why did he do a thing like that? Was he anti-Somantic? He was a pro-Promoted orthogatry. You know, had a range for the... Brought to you? I was not sure. He never hired one Jew to work on as you know that. And that was by accident, neither. Although Holly Loki made a good tip to his... I don't think so. I don't think so. Remember Holly Loki? Yeah. And Tony Mavan? Yep. And who was it that he fired on the air? Was Julius La Rosa? He fired him on the air. Yeah. Remember that? Yes. That's pathetic. So by the way, Beast, it's been nice knowing you. But you're fired in a dead. He's about the only other guy that could imagine firing somebody on the air in the middle of a show. You're fired, it did. Get out of my way. And go pee still in my pizza. Well, listen, have a great day. It's only in this first break. It's nice to kill him some good time. No, really, it helps a lot when you get to be this advanced stage like we are. It helps tremendously. It's almost like having an Iran killer. You know what? We're getting to be like a couple of yentres, you know? Yeah, it's like that away. It's like ginger and what does he call you? I get an engine. You're over to backyard fence. I got news for you. My mole man. It's a more entertaining in these ten minutes every day than you ever do in 50 hours. I'm standing at the concierge desk where I live. And these, they have a, you know, a banquet room, not a banquet room, but a meeting room downstairs. And these three women come in. Yes, we're the Hadassan meeting was. And as they walked away, I said, I'd have never guessed. You should have seen that crowd. Oh, I don't even imagine. We're wild. I see it. I show it to Hallmark. Maybe I'll have to tell that story again. I promoted to Hallmark when I was on W. News. That all, eating, they're all slipping into back to eat the food making noise in the middle of the show. And then during a break, the salesperson comes up to me and says, they don't like the tapping. Change the tapping. They don't like it. That's like checking green appeared at sensory village. And he, he thought we went, he got up there. He looked at the audience and he said, you know, you people didn't need a comedian. You should have hired a doctor. Yeah. Should have hired a mortician. Have a great day. Hey, you too. And keep that money in your pocket. Yeah, well, today. Tide is a regular animal or headlannick ghost mortgages. The only mortgage company in South Florida, the same location since 1982. Why would you deal with someone else? One branch and ready to help serve you. If you want to free crews, don't call them. If you want it, terrain on a sunny day, don't call them. If you don't want to pay closing calls, don't call them. If you want greetings. I call them. That headlannick ghost mortgages. In day, call 305-94-407-333. Or a driver to Palm Beach at 9.5-4-987-8077 for a Atlantic ghost mortgage. Oh, R.V.P. That's Orange Gold Basketball. Or visit double-header basketball ball. If you're in Coach's Leonard Hamilton's Florida State Seminals, Call him to the court from the Braskar Cornhuskers. Call him by your hometown, hurricanes, challenging NCAA Final Four Powerhouse. Louisville Rogers, God. Alright. Let's abuse some more prisoners. Make them scream nice and loud. Let me some words and a fat street patty. I don't care if they hate from my ratchet to you. Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game in the past. It had to be worse with Sir Dhamma who was saying... Oh, okay, 10-14. I had to play a short bit there because the Humbern Eye Henrietta and Fagadorn and the ginger. Or even saving. Which is probably just as wrong. Why? Why don't want to get in the middle of that? Why not? You could have jumped right in and clearly be stressed. The beast by the way is off the bread trying to save his life, too. It will never do the break. It's 10-15 already. Why don't you do it like side by side. This is sorry about this. This is 5-16-2-8. Watch solid. It's on the December 18th that they historic Arnvole Miami. See the top teams from across 6-Lplarby counties. Fighting it out on the grid aren't to say who is the best Arnvole you've put Bought team for more information. Log on to Arnvole.org or call the Arnvole at 305-3414702. And remember, chat with us, take Arnvole and get the pie. Hey, goberg! We take morning 7-10. Staying in Gunney joins us for 3-0-5-60-QAM. Lots been said about half a looming over me and all of that. And you know, just to make it very simple, cab-dropping into the NBA, I was unemployed at the time. Then packed in the championship to be a head coach in the NBA. And then he allowed me to do what I wanted to do with this situation. And my family has set up that we can do this. I owe everything to the guy. And the securityization that he was stabbing me in the back and things like that. He is just ridiculous and does not request the appreciation that I have for him and that my family has for him. I am Arnvole.org 7-10. Sports for you, by 60-2-3-10. See the break in Lamp Abla with Neeruch. Hello, you know? Yes, sir. You listen, you have a bit that goes like, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I do a good show that I like to make. You are one of the girls. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. You're a good boy, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. That's not that was good. Oh man. Neeruch, we days from 10-2-1-5-16-2-8-1. Use what's happening online at wthuann.com. I've read it through the windmine me, y'all, to get courtesy of President-Zee and Porter Beer, but truth is real beer. And that's what's happening online, I service of... Sports for you, by 60-2-3-10. And that's a tough token. No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. It's not good. People don't read the rule, but everything goes every day. I'm very upset and I'm very annoyed. I give it a peek, and I give it a tough tune. And drag my whole year as a cross-door rod. People there even didn't even remind me. They start please, Shake it a little too. You wouldn't like a dance, sir. I'm gonna use a my hand, who would have come to grab? Like I got answered my pants. I say both the fly makes us so alive. A punch when I walk this way. It makes my spare time in my behind. And then the group better use a way. Make a trail right down to my knees. And then talk. I'm gonna die. Kids will have three more shoes on, single and easy. I got the thing cool, I got the thing cool, I got the thing cool, I got the thing cool, very cool. Can you tell me what this HUS-NAD, my husband? A bigger part? The thing you just asked me here, I think it meant to say HUS-NAD. What? On today's pool? The one that's on the right line. The last thing most guys want to be called is my husband? Right. What am I saying, Jim? Jim is my husband, my little. I have no idea what that's all about. Maybe that's Jim, who's used to be really good at. Anyway, here's the pull result from yesterday then there's only one story that I want to do first. I got a few later on, but I got to go into this whole emotional thing. It is emotional. I don't think anything on a show ever has affected me the way that that facts. And of course that started like a chain of events. The fact that I got lunch Friday, the Domino effect. The fat stomato effect from what's his name again? Daryl. Daryl in Lakeland. Thanks Daryl. Because it looks like it'll have a positive end. Well, at least you know in some respects, something good will come from it. The last thing most guys want to be called is, let's see how many votes we got on there. 1447. Wait until you see tomorrow's pull. I like it a lot. Ars already got it. Or you should have. The last thing most people guys want to be called is Fag 365. You Fag it. I'm my bitch, two thirteen. The P word, 174. That's P you. I'm sorry. P you. How are 124. Allusor 1117. Affaminate 88. I want to save the pants and the thing called that. With 49, David Samson and Delilah. Fat 47, Wimp 44. Lire 40. Dumb 33. Like your president. Dumb dangerous though. A 49 and A whole 28. Outweigh 24. Now it's interesting because let's see the top of the top. Four or five there have like a ton of votes. Okay. Five or six. And then after that it's not really all that much. A phony 29, a whole 28. Outweigh 24. Pretty 18. A lot of B14. Fruitcake 13. Cook 13. Cheap 11. Scrawonys 7. And beautiful. Only six. I thought that most of macho guys didn't want to be called beautiful. It kind of like a 14 or 56 votes by the way. It kind of like a, you know, I didn't good, but there's somebody other worse choices on there. You didn't good? No. So in other words, if somebody said you were beautiful, of course you're not. But I mean, if you were and they said that, that would be disturbing. If who said it? Some, anybody. Oh, I see some other words if a guy said it. Yeah. Right. George, you're beautiful. Ha. Come give me a kiss. I got news right. But that studio right now is not going to be. It's not going to be over, over blown by beauty. And we got too many lines here. You know, this is, I realize it's the holiday season, but the parents, this is getting way out of control. I mean, you know, we got a show to do here. We got 20 spots to put on here and they're like, I like to have a little bit of show in between. The big goes holiday toy drivers underway to benefit money children's hospital. Dropbox is located in the Derral Kindle, North Miami, AL House, as well as the Carolina AL House. Unrat toys can be donated to these locations during normal business hours. And look for the QA in van right now, as I speak, at the head station. 107. 47. 41st Street in Derral. Stop by the drop off. A new unwrap tour for the big goes. Oh, I see this is the same old stuff. Gosh, dang, man. Stop by the drop off at new unwrap tour for the big goes holiday toy drive. It's been a kind of Miami children's hospital. That's 107. 41st Street in Derral, Vanity, there will too. So I guess I'll replace the other one because this is like a slap over. It's pretty much the same thing. Which would have been nice if somebody would have pointed that out. There are two are still in that booth talking up your ass man. You're just pathetic. Oh, we're sure very illuminating and elucidating for him coming in there this morning. Not sure give us some really interesting information. Not. Okay, here's one piece of interesting information before I go into my rant, which I will. I might spend like two, three hours on it. Just pour my guts. All right. I'm a, and you participate in, but then again, you know, it's just one of those things. You're such a hard ass, uh, spick that you just, it's easy for you to rag on people that you don't really know all that well. Like who? Like blah, blah, blah. I was ragging on it. You, you'd try and right in there. I was ragging on it. Yes. Well, I was in you chimed right in. Say what? About, uh, I don't want to blames. Can we save it to the chronological order of the whole thing? Okay. Now are you denying it? Did I ragged on it? Just like you deny that you hate Rick Riley. I don't know why. Did I know a lot of people that hate Rick Riley from the Southern Rick program? I didn't rag on blah though. I'll be happy to repeat anything that I did say. And I don't hate Rick Riley. All right. Let's see. Have a good part. And I don't hate Rick Riley. You dislike him intensely. No. Not even a fine of him. Uh, I'm okay with you. You don't want to go to lunch with him. Have you more money than how's that? That's pretty good. Hey, just like you, you know, you only have two people that you, uh, that you reserve the hatred and all that stuff. That was right. I also have a very interesting last week. And I apologize right now for that. I had no reason to, uh, I don't know what, you know, like I told you before the show when you're away from a person for a long time. Maybe come like, almost like a cartoon character like the real real. You know what I mean? And outside out of mind, and then you start like, uh, you know, it gets into a whole stick thing. But there's a big difference between stick and for real. Although there are some people in this business who don't know where that line is. They don't have a clue where it is. And they also have no sense of humor. But we'll get also get to that. Believe me. Okay, here's the one thing I want to do before we do the next break. Oh, God. Can you believe it? Well, that's what happens. Another break already? Well, it's coming. Bear with us. Connist Bob Novak, who first published the identity of covert CIA officer Valerie Plains said he's confident that President Bush knows who leaked claims name. Oh, my God. Novak said I'd be amazed if the president didn't know the surface is identity. And that the public should bug the president as to whether he should reveal who the source is. Novak's from our report in the Walling North Carolina News and observer came to ring a question. An answer session. Yeah, Tuesday after speech sponsored by the John Locke Foundation, a conservative stink tank. Then we're granted Senator Chuck Schumer urged Bush to identify Novak's source or to say he doesn't know who it is. Right. Or maybe just got bad memory. This is real Roger. He's just forgotten. This is five 16. Delicious honey. I know, but we're not scary. Honey, ready for dinner? No, I'm not. That's me. I can't eat that crab. Is the junkie in your family overly critical of your cooking? Are you in need of something to bring back his strong out appetite? Hi. My name's Barb Bichu and I'm here to announce a breakthrough in kitchen appliances that will restore your drug addicted child's appetite. Just inside for Christmas. Introducing the crab pie. Now you can cook up those shrumes, micro dots, yellow bees, gaugest, snack-aid, angel dust with the crackpot. Turning ready for dinner? No, hey, mom, that smells. Hey, dude. Mom. That smells right, cheers. Thanks, crackpot. The crackpot. The perfect Christmas gifts for the strong out junkie in your family. We're going to have a little now at the bottom where we pair it to the rest of the store. 1032 a QAM. Here's our award-winning schedule. Mohour David ended in such a ZES 2 to 4-de-saf, and with his bombastic approach to life. Joe's a gadget is a gackie. For the mad dog, it's a movie bones 4 to 7. Jesse Agler, very briefly, not only at Panke, he's 7 to 7-30 because we have another Panther game. And I've panthers, pbus 730. It's an 8 o'clock start. I guess we're ESPN or ESPN 2, or the doos, the trace, whatever. Redweights in town to play to Panthers, looking for 2-1 and a row after a big one the other night. And then it became a similar hard rock after the hockey game. Maybe we should also put on a pool, but I doubt it. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Like that. But I guess not. Yeah. I just played that. Just an issue to play it. So anyway, the for people that might have been like busy over the holiday, all the stuff going on. Friday. I what found that that came in. Was that like late in the show on Friday? What? They are facts from the first facts from Dirol in Lakeland. I don't remember. Was that bad last ever in his blog? Well, whatever it came in, I think, was later on in the show. And for those who don't know, Bob Lassard was a guy who was, in fact, I'll read, I'll read this thing again that he, because I read it really hastily toward the SM to show yesterday and probably most people missed it from his blog that the role facts to me yesterday. But he was a guy who was a talk show host in a market a year ago, and then he went over to Tampa and he became like the big, the big, the big cheese there, big literally and figuratively, a big, heavy guy. And then went to WLS in Chicago for a couple of years and then back in the Tampa and then out of the business he had a big contract to spew to WFLA about six years ago and then was off the year. And I was it. So last we heard about him. So we get a facts from Dirol in Lakeland on Friday. That says Bob Lassard is in bad shape. He's diabetic as you know. And he's had a foot amputated and he's losing his eyesight and he's got a blog. And my reaction to that was just totally unacceptable. I have no idea why the hell I did that and I really feel bad about it. I cried to think of anything else I've ever said on a year in 30 years that I felt bad about. I can't take it too much. Can you? That you feel bad about? Yeah. That I said, yeah, I wish I wouldn't have said that and I really don't know why. I said before, you have to, out of mind and people become on these shows. They become like, you know, characters in some kind of an unfolding soap opera and they're not even for real anymore. Especially when you haven't seen him in years and years and you haven't known about him in many years. So my reaction to that was totally unacceptable and I, you know, do apologize for that and also about to retract it. The only thing I ever apologized for before was, and this is on my own. Nobody has believed me. They managed me to this station wouldn't know Bob Lassard if he sat on her head and believed me he wouldn't want to. But once before I was thinking about this this morning, Rick Shaw of all people. I was at INZ and it would Rick and Sus is our recall and the fact that they hated him like poison because they said he was impossible to work forward stuff like that. Remember that? Yeah, what about it? Well, this is not, but anyway, it's a lie. I am not. I'm not sure. You know, it was Rick O'Neill of course is a big friend of ours and listen to the problem. Hey, Red Cosico and happy you're generic holidays, Ricky Tickey and watch that cap for the new year. But anyway, so he was like threatening to sue because I was at one of the year and I said he was in Nazi and right away the station required me to read an apology on it. And I'm not read one, but make one up. So I made an apology, but of course I made sure that I made it worse than the original one. I said, you know, I had said the other day the rich Shaw was in Nazi and it's not with the cap of Lenin it's with a small end and I explained to different states that are. So I actually made it a lot worse. The bastard. Yeah. And that turned out that rich Shaw happens to be at least in my book he's a pretty good guy. Over 40 years on the year and this got for a second market baby he's okay in our book. Little on the right wing, but nevertheless. But in this particular case though, and I said some evil awful things about the, you know, and here's a guy that's in bed. Haven of course being a fat slob myself and being diabetic and fooling myself in these voluminous amounts of ice cream and, you know, working with some other very very fat. I don't want to mention a name is like the one that's sitting in another room now although my job on the bread now. Okay, keep it up. Yeah. Well, I'm trying as long as you're still alive there's a chance of not dying. But the thing about my reaction to that is that saw when I'm lying I read the blog about last of his blog and it's, it's so depressing because here's a guy that realizes now too late. That he's abused his body with fat for so many years and now he's suffering the consequences of it. And that's why I keep warning people like Hank and like some certain, yeah, with his good genes. The diabetes is not everything you heard about it and read about it. It's true. It's one of the worst things you can possibly have. Not just in terms of the foods you can't eat anymore and with all the fat people in American, I believe you would. And they already said, I'm going to have diabetes among the kids now teenagers, right? The type two is, yeah, type two diabetes among teenagers, which, ordinarily type two that, that, these used to start like at 40 and that was it. When you get fat and sedentary and stuff like that, Now teenagers are getting, because everybody in America is fat because the doctors don't want to get you healthy because then now they're not going to get your money. And the food manufacturers, sure, is how they want to get you a symptom because they want to keep peddling in more crap. So it's all a big scam. And then of course that's why we got all these prescription drugs being advertised on the nightly news every night. Almost every ad now is for either a prescription or over the counter drug. Yeah, but we got to get those druggies. That's right. That's what Bill Bennett and Russell embossed. Anyway, so having red bombs blog and realizing that even though when you know certain things in a generic way, you know, you've read about well, it can cause this and cause blindness and all these horrible things. And you think you can keep fooling yourself and it doesn't really mean that it doesn't strike home and requires something a wake-up call. And try and two or three different times in my life I had a wake-up call. The first time I was working in Sarah Sodon, 73, I weighed 266 pounds. Jesus Christ. Yeah, not quite in the B.S. category, well M59 is 54, but I was a big, I mean a huge fat slob. I told you, used to take like a box of hamburger helper in a weekend watching a ball game, football game and a weekend or get a box of hamburger helper, cook up a pound of hamburger, make the hamburger helper, and then take the big cans of Hawaiian punch. Yeah, a whole box of hamburger helper and a pot of beef that you cook at it. And a whole can of Hawaiian punch. I mean, I was just a slob pig beast. Yeah, I know. So anyway, I started waking up in the morning with these headaches, man, sweats and headaches. I went to the doctor and he said, oh man, if you don't lose some weight and get that blood pressure down, you're going to need, that was the first time putting on blood pressure pills. Telled away? I thought I was 73, so I would have been like 31. Okay. Now what does this mean? Daryl and Sarah Sodon, fact. That's from Daryl, so I said I'm going to be talking about himself. Yeah, but, fact. Well, I don't understand. No, no, no, no, no. We're going to get facts, 10 to facts to blog. I guess that means. Oh, and Sarah Sodon, I'm saying, Lincoln. Sorry, Daryl. I said, Lincoln. Oh, Daryl and Sarah Sodon. Because it was David Lincoln that said it's the first one on Friday. No, sterile. Well, I don't know. Well, what do you think is a make? Sorry, Daryl. Maybe he knows David isn't like him, whatever the deal is. Now what was I just talking about? You were explaining right ahead. He had AX and blood pressure. Right. And the doctor said you're going to say, so that wake up call in a year and a half, I lost 96 pounds. How do you like that? That was back when the protein's very fast was really big. And I got down to 170. I was man. I was beautiful. Well, I mean, it's beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Again, I was okay. In fact, I was right about the time I came flying out of the closet about the year or two after where and I was just having a wild will. I get a, yeah, time. And then of course, you know, then you get careless and sloppy and you start going out to all of these meals because you think, hey, now I'm slim and trim and all of a sudden the way starts coming back. Let's do the break though. This is kind of like a, see what that 30th anniversary show coming up. I've heard about it. My first is kind of like a prediode to it, right before my vacation. All right. Like a mini mini series history of the a Neo Roger show. The six and a Neil Rogers. Put the right down. Bees. Five, 16. The five. The The John Lennon files. To this day, the government refuses to release that. Tonight, under history, channel, you will find out why only this to reach a channel has uncovered never heard before dates of Lennon's rehearsal sessions recorded under their constant surveillance of the FBI. I know, not like you. It is not more warming up. We don't buy a restaurant. You'd better the head. Just buy a restaurant. Must buy agoing. Make you play a shitty oversized.啓啓 Binyer, full Sociologist test. Be轴 the door. Don't wanna f bicycle. Something like that. Fix. Don't smoke. You 개�...... I wish you, just... I'm back there, it's no good luck. How much would that go? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Aren't you in an up trouble with that, right? I should be fucked right now. No, no, no, no. It's worth both of these with others. I'm out of the tenement of the adventure, right? You're a big, you've had the gift of it, you were always great. With the sword, it's no tune of time. You're getting a back-body baking, you're back. And like a pack of colorful throws. When they fall the news, you hear, Sergeant chosen, structure the down. They're worth both of those. This is a good job. You're strong, you want to go to jail. Right, I need to find a bloody hole in the head. Get on through the hammer, boys. There's more little of the eye on this tip, this elbow. Jane and Github, James about the middle of the tip. This pretty dress, yes, sweet, gently, right? Spent all a date, like a toe of the sun. Or to wigg and nine on the face, is this with Revolo? By the ink drawing and drag. Busting all the badge, not his type of how black that low. And we're all going to get busted. I'll just have to put it to the floor. H-O, all good men. H-O, how wet they get rough. H-O, all good men. Lots of things, all things, why, food, blah, blah. It's 1048. So we're dying leave off somewhere between Friday and that's a day. You were, what's the doctor? You were diabetic doctor? I was a lot of times. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. That time I was back up to 240. And I never did that, how did I lose that? I had the first stroke. I had the first stroke. That was the first one, which was more serious. I was very lucky. I could still speak after that. And that was a wake-up call. That's what I'm trying to talk about. Wake-up calls. And so, following that, I got down to about, oh, what, about 195. They're about, okay. I think what's the bottom time, about 185? I was about to lower my gut. I think I was doing anacons at that point. Wasn't that, that was about to tell when anacons I was, I made a popular in an time. Okay, Dr. Bob and I did that appearance at the Solar Press. Remember that we had a thousand-year-old, seven-hundred books that day? Hey, Dr. Bob, that's right. He's in out with us. Don't fall down, Dr. Bob. Now, to, like, see, the one thing is, when somebody's already dead, at that point, I don't, I hold nothing back. Because you can't offend somebody when they're dead. Whether it's my mother or fat-rich or Bob Acons. Yeah. Who cares? Right. They're not hearing it. It's alive. That's when you don't do it. Unless, of course, they deserve it. You know, it's a door door door door door door door door door door. We'll get to that. Believe me. I got plenty to say in that category. Yeah. Yeah. That show is 380 pounds now this week. You know, that, that, that's, that's, they'll rise your show as soon as they've been 80 pounds this week, because that little, uh, tub of crap is, uh, you know, see, if I were an at category, where everybody, if I worked in a building with 100 people and just about everyone that made me like poison, the spies me. And no, no matter how much of a hard ass I was, something the spirit of something would come tell me to look in the mirror if I could handle it and say, what, what is wrong with me? Why is it that everybody hates me? Am I out of step or like a human race, which in this case, there's no question. That means one be gets the other. What do you mean by that? You had the ability to do that. You wouldn't be the kind of bastard that you are. Ah. I see. Well, anyway, so this was a wake up called me on Friday. It's seen about four Bob with his diabetic situation and complications. And this is what happens. You know, blindness and getting your, uh, ex-emptated and all these other things and then early horrible death, not good. So maybe Bob is listening this morning. It's possible online or not, whatever, but the fact is that maybe if I careously through his, uh, rough time, uh, he'll save my life, which I think of foreign advance. And I think the, derral and who's the other one and day, who are, who are the people who are in the next thing. And I'm not very aware of it. Because otherwise, we wouldn't even know about any of this. And I wouldn't have known about the blog and I wouldn't have heard about those screens, the blog and the blog. So let's see, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Eight. Is that right? No, that's not right. Friday, Wednesday, Monday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Six days. Okay. Now realize that it's not like a lifetime. It's not like a major accomplishment. We're not going to write a bullet in on the front page of the New York Times on it. Six days with no craft. And this is like right on the heels. Maybe that half a gallon of ice cream and the little pie of dual city, Ladoosia del H. That was it. You know what I'm saying? I was like, I'm getting it out of my system. We're getting it into my system. I got it out all right. Believe me. Wow. But that was the end. I've heard of song. This is the end of my her and that was the end of that. Because you can only fool mother nature so long. And for to be going on the year and it's like they got to call you the, remember the guy that was talking about how much she loves his ice cream and Well, good luck to you, pal. I love it too. But the fact that the matter is I'd rather be alive. If you have a death wish, if you're anxious to exit, Well, hey, fine. You know, I would be a little small on your face. You think, but you want it to be agony. And you'll go out there in a miserable horrible way. Just keep picking out. When it does just keep picking. Keep reaching for that pizza. What are what's yours? Somebody else's. Oh, for me. Yeah, that's it. So yesterday, right toward the ass end of the show, I get this facts from Daryl. Now this is Daryl and Sarah Soder. Because I don't want you to dare a lot of said because we keep saying, David Lakeland, where are these people are? Let's just say, Darryl is saying that. Yeah, the, the big D. The big D. How do I want to read this now? Do I have time? I guess I got time for sure. Last of the posted this on his blog, December 14th, which is yesterday. And this, and this was like a day after he initially got very angry. Remember he had that the shouting message you put on his blog in big black ink. Well, Nelson, how come you're listening and don't you have a life? It's a reading my blog. Well, the reason I'm reading it is because I take an interest in it. Because this is somebody I used to work with and somebody I know. And it's tragic. And we acting incorrectly, because you never said anything about it. Like that you were unhappy with it. And that's what he said in that screaming message thing. That was unhappy with what? Oh, it is a thing. Log. Yeah. No, I just said it was very depressing, which he, look, let me just say this. I don't retract anything I said about his on your show. When I, a couple of times, I was in Tampa when he was on FLA. His show was to me. And this is only my opinion. Was so depressing. It was like suicide inducing. It's just a combination of his great boys with Buri. But it's just just a whole approach. Which I guess if I had to work with those mugwums in Tampa that long, maybe I would have done the same thing too. I don't know. But it was just very, very morbid and depressing, I thought. But that's just, that's a business thing. It's got nothing to do with personal. And the fact of the matter is that even though we did have the S.U.N. falling out and, and you see, in life, we all remember things very selectively, according to our own perspective. In other words, whatever suits us, whatever is convenient for us, we remember it through our own eyes and mind. Okay. How we viewed it at the time. Right. So my perspective on the S.U.N. falling out was that, you know, he kind of looks sandbagging all of us, you know, south floated, you fag, or whatever plus floods in Rick who were like either category, but nevertheless, they were going along for the ride. That was just my perception. But I don't remember that much about it. And I certainly don't remember this thing he refers to later on about some of the things he blurred it out, some shot he took. I don't remember any of that. Because it wasn't that big of a deal. And like I said, what this is not somebody that I really hated or even talked about that much. You know, every now and then we'd have one of the top show groupies from the West Coast. Where's Bob Lashin? I know who knows. You know, I'd say one of the drop-ins and some of the stuff like that. But it's certainly not somebody that I have any reason to hate or anything like that. It's seen areas. Great voice, but a little depressing. And then the blog like I said is very depressing and why not. You know, if anybody's going through that experience, it's just, but it really opened up my eyes and my ears and my everything. Right. So I'm going to do the break and then I'll read this because I don't want to like fly through it. And a lot of people have to don't even know I'm talking about. But that's not what's important. What's important and what I want to talk about today is this is a radio show. It's a radio show. That's all. I'm here to entertain. That's what they think they need to do. They need to be a rocket scientist, not to be like a great educator of the public or change the world. They need to be an entertainer. And that's what almost all these shows are. They're entertainment. And anybody who can't tell the difference between stick or tries to take things that I say that are obviously stick and make them into serious and tell me that I deserve a bullet in my head. Well, that person is obviously there are more on or just an O-Jomper-Vocutor. Or both. You know, the kind of people that run around stirring up crap and trying to get everybody fired. To be smart like that. Do do do do do do. See now there you go again. It could have been almost anybody that could have been talking about although not really. This is the new of the Roger. This is the new Roger. This is the new Roger. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. This is your brain. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? Do you love the delightful sounds of birds in your backyard? You get live in constant fear of E-D-M-Tloom? Well, now you can enjoy our feathered friends and be safe at the same time with the electric bird bath. Oh, hey, look, honey. It's a brown-headed cow bird. It's beautiful and no longer contagious. The electric bird bath is wired with 50,000 volts of bird flu eradicating power. Look, honey. It's a white-dressed nut. Correction deer. It's a smoldering black-pressed nut hat. And if you ordered the electric bird bath, now, willing to put a free box of polywanna and exploding cracker. Huh, polywanna cramps. The electric bird bath. Because dying of avian flu is for the birds. I'm dying on the hair. 11 o'clock in 5, 60, WQM, okay. Here's our award-winning schedule. Moa 2, Joe's a Gaki for a German. It's in 4, nothing's perfect from smoky bones. Jesse Alger is 7, then they are panther at one game. Ikeler. Jesse Alger, algae. Jesse algae, algae. Look for the QM van right now. The algae is so tall. Remember that? I bet you don't. No. Long gone. How about the castaways? 163? Yeah, I remember it. Yeah, and I was interested. A lot of people used to go to get done. Test away. Look for the QM van right now. The head station located at 107. 41st Street and the round stop-fighted drop off a new unwrap toy for the big O's. Rock solid. How about a 2-agrad event? Who might be children's hospitalized at 107st and 41st Street in the rail that'll be there until 2pm. But for the QM van. And say, oh, who's that? Who went there? Who that? So anyway, getting back to this so long. And I don't know. Maybe this is a bad idea. I felt a need to event today, you know? Which I don't know. Very seldom do this. You go, girl. Oh, because this is generally speaking a fun game with a few bedtime stories in interspersed in between. And some of the stupid ass calls, which is part of the fun. But I just, I don't, you know, I just feel compelled the spirit of the season of the Generic season compels me to a go-in this stuff. Do it. Because in this business, like I said before, there is a line. It's not a thin line. Not a thin line at all. There's a very thick broad line. And that's why Friday. I feel bad about Friday because I step way over it. Because it wasn't business. It got personal. And that's necessarily was stupid. And there's nothing worth to make stupid. But I know where that line is. And I have for a long time. And some people, of course, were very thin skinned up tight. Well, he's picking on my pants in my wig. Well, that's fine. You can talk about my baggy pants in about the, you know, ginger and faggot orange and Stale Roger. Who cares? The fun. The part I find about that so amusing is the combat. So so lame. So pathetic. But nevertheless, that's what makes it funny. You know what I mean? Kind of like, oh, don't worry. What even? Week. But that's a different sort of, you know, as opposed to saying, well, so once it was a white theater or child venus, they're, are a, you know, beats his dog with a sticker. Something like that. See, there's the big difference. Whether it allows you to. Oh, man. And like I said, some people don't know where the line is. That's why Mike Disney said, Neil knows where the draw the line. And Steve, Mr. Ego doesn't have any line, which is why he's on some horseball station. We don't even know the color is up right now. And as to buy his way out of the radio, when you could put his whole audience in a telephone booth, and everyone from the Chinese army left over, and Nick Lawrence and Brian, whatever his name is, little Brian. A normal, normal, as 20, little Brian. So I just mentioned that in passing, because there are some people who pretend that they've under so under the guise of stick, believe me, anybody who listen to the show for more than one hour. They know when I'm being serious and when it's just a fun and okay. There's a difference between saying, oh, cure a fellow son, see you and let's take a route, you know? Everybody knows what that is. As opposed to going on here and saying, well, anybody would say these things on the year, and any other market would get up, well, look at that. There's a total difference. Even just a ton of voice, I think, should probably be trade of the audience exactly what the intentions are. But nevertheless, some people have a sense of humor, some people got certain human qualities, and some people have subhuman qualities, if he catch my drift. Do I mean beast? I know, I know how exactly. What do I mean? Okay, so anyway, here's the blog from Bob Lanserra's, his thing, he's the posting on his blog yesterday. Lanserra posted December 14, 2005. It says, I would have been about 1981, maybe 82, when I first heard Neil Rogers. I was absolutely blown away. I had never heard anything like it. The guy was smart, funny and compelling. He talked about the fissile, was totally alike, Bob. He talked about the things that were important to me. He said, then, so much better than I could. I was hooked, rare was the night that I wasn't glued to the radio hanging on his every word. I was working at W.A. KQ, at W.K. KQ, at the time, kiss. I was Bobbie Clifford, the afternoon drive country, Joc. He had never even knew that. But I dreamed of being a top-show host, it was an impossible dream, impossible because no matter how hard I tried, no one took me seriously. Skip, I had a couple of years, my life had been turned upside down. The voice, no longer Bobbie Clifford, and to a bizarre set of circumstances, I found myself almost living my dream, a working at a pig of a station on weekend, night counts. W.A. G.B.S. and I knew it was the third of three top stations in the market, out of desperation, hired me to work in a time-slaught that nobody listened to. I listened, I remember those positive negative poles, Bob. But a state would have it to manor idolized her, and me and thought that maybe just maybe I had something to offer. One night after his regular shift, Neil said in with the overnight guy Bill Carter, and at some point a Colorado ass Neil, who, among me, couple doesn't people who did talk shows in Miami, he liked to have dinner with. I just happened to be listening when he said Bob Lasser. I couldn't believe my ears, not only do you know I existed, but he said that he thought I was worth sitting down with. It was the golden age of talk in Miami, there were slew of really good people on the air, and here was the best of the best ordering my name. Others had other thing again, is that you to receive my name? I was floored, says Bob. But it got better, over the coming months, Neil waged an on-air campaign, urging his station, W.A. and Zeta Hermy, holy Schmidt. How does he mean in holy Schmidt or does he mean? Does he think he mean, oh my god, maybe that, I had their drop and thought it. Maybe Randy would be playing that later in today. To make a long story short, they eventually did hire me. I eventually got to meet a work of my radio god, I continued to work weekend evenings, but several nights a week I'd go to the station, simply to control room, just watching him work, learning from studying at the feet of the manor concert to be the master. But they came when I finally got the chance to work full time to the job was in Tampa, so I took all that I had learned in particular the ability to speak from the gut and the momma log and set off on my own. I became the arraggers of Tampa became a radio god. I've said it before and do not hesitate and say, I'm not successful in Neil, he stuck his neck out for me and allowed me to learn from him. I'd go to fortune in Tampa, brought the opportunity to go to Chicago, WLS, but that turned into a two and a half year nightmare, and this is where things between Neil and I turned dicey. By then, Neil had moved on to W.A. and my amy. Oh W.A. would be, I hate that station. I don't think I need to write the book, I think what I need to do is just narrate it on the ear. Right? I think it would take that long. Anyway, he goes on to say the station was owned by Cossburg casting, which also owned WLSU and in Tampa. Coss decided to sign a cast, I would use line up on S.U.N. I would be kicked ass in Miami, but the sign up cast just wasn't working in Tampa. So Neil suggested the Coss Army to do mornings at S.U.N. thinking I could help the rest of the day in Tampa. First and foremost, I ain't no morning man, but I did okay. The problem is that I wasn't able to transfer my audience to the other day, parts in particular to show that followed mine Neil's time slot. Anyone who's ever listened to Neil knows that a major part of his act is to rag another show is it's his trademark. It's a student I also had adopted the technique. The problem is that no one in Miami ever really gave Neil any Schmidt on the ear and returns he, can I interject just one thing? I guess Bob didn't know Dickie Farkel. I would have known that Mr. Ego had done a series of shows where he invited certain guests on the ear to rag on me for two, three hours at a time, but nevertheless, I think it's point is that anyone who does it, you know, they get lamb-based. Oh, or that? Neil would say the most got awful things about his colleagues and almost never had any one retaliate. That isn't until I came along Bob says. At first, the sniping was relatively low level, but it's slowly intensified. He was pissing me off and I was getting to him. He had taught me well. It culminated during an on the ear campaign, he was connected to the ear for Miami-Ariol homeless shelter. That year, he was selling a vest of Neil CD and sales were lagging behind previous years. While a CD was not being sold in Tampa, and my show wasn't carried in Miami, Neil blamed me for not pushing it on my show. Listen, fury did me, it was absurd. It would rag on me during his show and I returned the favor on mine. It's escalated and escalated until I blurred it out something that heard and embarrassed him. He heard and embarrassed my mentor and I, which, your, and I have been like, can't say anything about that. I know what I'm afraid. I have no memory of any of that part of this. No. It would serve no purpose to repeat it here. We are probably the only two people I remember. I guess he's the only one because I don't. I think he's been trying to be true when I said never been the same. And cheap shot evidently in Boa, why not? Do I regret it? What I'd taken back and I could of course I would. It was only stick nothing personal, but it caused a rift of last to this day. So now I have a new leader here on the blog, the man who I almost success to, the man who I admire and idolized, the man who I admire, the very public following up with. For whatever it's worth thanking you, I'm truly sorry that things true and I was a dead. Is that, is that I got emotional about when I read it yesterday? Right? And I'm emotional now. I wasn't being sarcastic. I think you should call it. That's heartfelt. Well, how am I going to call him? Well, you know, I have a assignment when I'm on vacation next week. You've got to go to that. I'm not going to get in touch with him. I already started. I spent a good 20 minutes this morning trying to get some contact information. You know, how most websites or blogs have contact us or contact info. And I scoured to find a contact. Does he have that? No. I don't think he's got that because he said a one way blog. And by the way, I happened to agree with that. Like I told you last week, the last thing that anyone, especially somebody was in the shape that he is. But anybody even in good shape, the last thing you want is a bunch of craft coming about. Which we found on our chat room on eirages.com when we first started that. I just just stuff that winds up on here. Most of us have nothing to do with the show or any of us just a bunch of idiots shouting back and forth. And each other, we're just wasting your space and time. Just really garbage. I thought I'm going to stop looking but in the meantime, if anybody can contact him. You may all horay at theirages.com. Give it the only problem that is that. See, I thought about that. And I'm not going to start responding because anybody can give you an email address. You know what I'm saying? That is correct. I want to make sure that I'll talk in real person. I'll do the work. So he would want to, which I can't see one out. I don't really, I don't really consider that it would be this great rift. Or there certainly was never any great hate. It was just there. There was a falling on it was just that we had the feeling that we got tossed under the bus. And it is just a whole idea was stupid anyway putting us on in the eirages and Tampa. It was idiotic. I mean, yeah, we didn't have a lot of people at their first remote, but a bunch of you. And then of course, I've had another thing that really did not help us over there. Much more so than anything that he ever did. When we were there for the week, were you there that week? I, uh, what they're eventually right halfway through the week. And Randy made a big deal on the ear about going to the Dow House, which is right across from a hotel. We stayed at, which was a strip club, right? And, uh, made a big stimulus about getting her hooked up with a strip array. I mean, you know, oh, god. Yeah, we already had this new flag on the ear. One, which they could tolerate that they could handle that. But then the idea that maybe Randy Rhodes was some bullbikes or something like that, you know. All that could only help. No, it did not help. It was tremendously a negative, and it helped to create the symbols that all my god, you saw photo perverts in. Not, not of course, that they're not all perverted over there in Tampa, like they are everywhere else. But just, uh, it just don't count to them. Yahoo, it's over there. And then it was big as problem is that they switched format with no, no promotion, no warning. Well, not only that, but the camper, peating the same show over and over. The tapes of the shows. Oh, I think I was on like 18 times a day. Four hours. And that's what they had. I think we added it up and you were, you were on like 12 to 18 hour the day. So ridiculous. When it doubt they wore it out, you know, too much of it, but like having 17 been in a split. You know, what is good, but 17's a little over the top. That's what would be said. I did look. You know, something, you, you've got the right idea. I've played the seed there. If you want to run with it, if you want to do something good for yourself and his, uh, bride to be in his life. Fine. If not, you, you, you can only bring a horse's ass to water. You can't make it stink. You know what I'm saying? So we're to play that seed. Back though, my disc, I was saying horse's ass. So anyway, that's, that's where we are with that. You want to say, I've got a lot more to say about it. But it would be good. That's your assignment for next week. I really would like to, uh, I plan to, uh, to follow. Although, be honest with you. And at this point, I really don't know what to say. I don't want to sit on the ear because it's a, it's tragic. I thought about it. If I was like, uh, you know, not doing well on my last like a call. You would cheer me up. You said it. It's not. Hopefully today might do that a little bit because I don't really harbor any horrible. They're just, they're just aren't that many people. I, and so instead of three, which I said and Friday, and I have no idea why I said that. And certainly would never put him in the same category with the other two. One of whom everybody knows is the unmentionable one who's not a radio person. Just a radio, interfere in an agitator. And the other one being of course. Don't, don't, don't, don't. I was shadowing it down. The most evil person I have ever encountered in my life. He makes my father seem like a good guy. Wow. How do you like that? That's hard. You know, my father who said, there's no such thing as love. It's just a word. Yeah, he might have a point. Yeah. I grew up in a quite an environment. I'll tell you that. It's like growing up in the North Pole, which explains my war, my cutlet personality. This is Neil Rajper. This is by 16. Today, on Dr. Phil, it's Jessica Simpson and Nicholas J. Let's do it. What have I like, or a lot, but I think she's crazy. Everybody, lastly, and next month of May. Sorry, but none of them idiots. Do you know that it's an issue? You know you're smart, don't you? I don't know. I said, if you want to hear the truth. It's an issue. I just think you are a f***ed girl. 117, she sure isn't. She did the same to him. It's 1574, the total on the pool. The last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 390. My bitch 236, the P-word, 1809. That's said, we can't even say that. Very sad. Coward 131, a loser 128, a f***ed 94. With 53, fat 50, win 49, liar 40, a whole 34. Can't say that, no more either. Dom 34, a phony 29, ugly 29, pretty 18. What a pretty guy. I don't know. I want to be 15. What about gorgeous? Want to have that on there? Like, gorgeous, George? Because normal likes to use that word. Oh, he was just gorgeous. What about fabulous? No, not fabulous. That's gorgeous. Again, come on, you can do it. You could spell it. It won't be on it at long. But pretty 18, a wannabe 15, boy, to win a whole lot of those. Especially in this business. Cheap 14, cook 14, fruit cake 13. Scrawon 8 and beautiful. Only six, that surprises me. I thought that when you call the guy beautiful, a woman says you're beautiful. Wow, what a compliment that is. If another guy says you're beautiful, you're just punch him out when in dollar. That's the way it goes. Some like that. How was this story that the beast was going to tell us about a windy two pay? What was that all about? Yeah, I forget what day it was. But listen, I happened to have a radio accident. Yeah, two days for the beginning of the mad dog show. Yet coffee tail end of the Howard show. The ass and yeah. Yeah. And the last thing she was saying as he was saying goodbye, that his he thought it hysterical that his daughter had called him the day before. She was in the the parking lot of publics. And was giving him the play by play as a man was walking through the parking lot. And this man's two pay was flowing off his head. Then kind of Howard's kind of you can tell he thought about it and realize he looked like an idiot. So he said, I should have shared my head years ago. But it was just coming from his mouth talking about how someone's too bad to pay was blowing off their head. It was. I think some people before they start talking about me and my baggy pants and my appearance. Maybe they ought to look at the mirror themselves. Okay. Maybe in fact, maybe somebody did maybe that's why that George Washington powdered wig disappeared. I want to head the comedian look to it, you know. But that's okay, that's fine. I mean it's like me calling the beast fat. It's not good. Not good style. All your fat slob. And I'm just saying it out of love trying to get you on a. I don't know. I don't know. So far so good. What does that mean? Well, we're two days at the last announcement to this week. That's good. Yeah. But I mean, the weight of the show has decreased in the last couple of days. The weight isn't 385 anymore. Like it was a couple of days ago. You know what I'm saying? Who weighed more? Man, what's about time you started pulling your weight when you work for sure? Let me tell you that right now. That's a lot to pull. Believe you me. Even more in baby can't believe it. Five say, I don't know if I want to take any calls to them. Feel like very, I don't know. What? Just not reading it. Huh? No, we're calling. No, not not. No, not not. I'm having some kind of a spiritual experience here because I had no awakening. Yeah. And I know you made your efforts. But you already had your fill of trying to save fat. People and I think you reached your core. It's exhausting. And be pressing when you fail. And usually useless, you know. That's actually because it's like beating your head against the brick wall. It's a tough thing. These are the things that didn't get it done for me. Like, um, other fat people that would like fat rich having the heart attack of a track and dying right there. It's a thing. Didn't, because that was no surprise to me. I mean, it was like a multi-part dying that he went through. And you know how, when people commit suicide, all the people around them, they all blamed themselves. So they, you know, there's something I could have done. Well, that's not how the friends of the family of fat people feel. Like we do enough, even though we know that we did everything that we possibly could. Sort of. It could have taken that. If you have given them that one can know. Yeah. If we could have just tell them push that push that second helping away. Stuff like that. A lot of calls coming in now. This ought to be really, uh, something. We'll see how this goes. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you need to know what God. Yes, sir. Hey, you turned into Richard Simmons of the Rio, seeing the fat people. Yeah. So hey, I'm actually in about a week or so ago. Yeah. Listening to, uh, tomorrow. And I could have sworn I heard him seeing that there would be no fight between you and him, insinuating that you would just cry. Yeah. That's it. I'm just trying to, uh, bust your chops. Well, you're trying to stir it up as well. Yeah. I want to stir it up because I'm sorry. Stir this. Go smoke. Quick stir and it pick out the seeds and go smoke. See what I mean about the audience. No matter any of the stuff that I just said, there's the element of the cars. Uh, nothing is ever serious to them. If the closest friend had a heart attack in front of them and, you know, pass that on the floor, it would be like, ah, he was just such a clown. Yeah. Like that. And always for the most part, that's about 90% of the people call radio talk shows. Idiots. WQAM. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a Tampa listener that's lucky enough to be in South Florida today. You mean, I'm lucky enough. Uh, I just wanted to say, uh, appreciate your reading. What you did about Bob. I, I was aware that he had a fun record. I just sent a check-in to it, like, Liam started hearing. He's doing so poorly. But, yeah. Tell you what, uh, I, I do remember those days of radio and the fortunate enough, like I said, to be all listen to you over here some times and then, uh, you know, was able to listen to a Tampa to Bob and, uh, you know, all the other douchebags on the radio. But, uh, just want to say, uh, appreciate what you did. It was, uh, that right there a few minutes ago was the radio in my book. Okay. How did it with Neil? Thanks, Kelly. But you see, it wasn't just good radio or whether it was good or bad. We just, uh, you know, just me, uh, venting. Because one, maybe once they read like blue moon, every year's in your ears, there are things that you need to get out. You need to say them. Yeah. And just like about the creature that we got following this show, you know, when somebody goes on the ear, I mean, if I'm the program director of I'm in management and somebody goes on the other, for getting a setting aside personality, sitting aside anything else. And somebody goes on the ear and says, I urge you not to listen to the show that follows me. See, I never heard a such a thing. I've been in a business only like, uh, let's see, 40, uh, six years. So what do I know? I never heard a such a thing. To me, that would be, by, by, see a whoever heard such crap. Or under the guise of shit disguised as shit, this man is saying things on the ear that deserve a bulletin. Yeah, like that. By, by. But unfortunately, we got the management that continues getting themselves in a pickle that they can't extracate themselves. Maybe I ought to get a hold of J. Roke, she can help them with a pickle problem. Because Vs was telling me the other day that J Roke, you know, from the Roke, the Roke, the Roke, a pickle people, that's his fan. He said that J's got a pickle problem. So what do I just keep you up to date? I think I had somebody with micro-use and thought, go ahead. I got an email. And presumably from Bob, it says Bob. Yeah, with an email address at a phone number. Right. And I replied back with the hotline number. And, and that's where we're at. Wow, how long was that? Five minutes ago saying, you know, call us as you can. How do you like that? Well, see, like I said, if Bob does call, I don't know what to say to him, because I feel so bad now. Hi, how you doing? Well, I know how he's doing today, but I mean, just from reading the vlog, it's obviously not a pretty picture, you know? Ask him a few saw, you know, a Master's Ball. And what does that mean? What, what I were talking about movies, you know? You are, you are, Bruno, ask him if he saw way of the gun. The most stop when they if he saw this and saw that, the man is losing his eyesight for a credit. What is wrong with you? How about network? I'm leaving. I'm failing out. I'm going back to bed. I had a rough night at woodbine, get most of my money back. Watch it all in donkey races. So we'll see if we get, and what did you give me? Give me your email address. Now, we're doing it the email. He's, I told you, I gave my, uh, uh, Neil Rogers.com email out on the air and keep fire and email right off to it. I said we get a tim, and that's somebody pretending to be him. Right. And so I read his phone number. Yes. Well, why don't you call him during the break? We tried to make a call on this hotline over here and something's wrong with it. We'll work on it during the break. Oh, man. I can just see it right now. The flames are engulfing W.C.A. and the whole building is up in flames. We're trying to call out to get the fire department or call 911. And, uh, well, we can't get the phone to work. I mean, we are just a radio station, but then he and tell us as the best. Ask the person about the tell us phones. He'll get me started talking about people I hate. Yeah. I hate. Tell us. How about the engineers? That's some of them. By the way, I understand the engineers have been putting the quarantine for 10 years because of his mental situation. 26 past 11. And see, there's a difference between that and my saying that so and so for the little blind. There's a, there's a, there's a definite line there. Okay. And I'll push the line as much as anybody else. But don't cross it. That's what I'm in Friday. And I should know better than that after a hundred years of doing this. It was bad. It was stupid. It was not really a meant. And it was just like, you know, kind of a gut, an knee jerk reaction in a really stupid way. Why would you want to like, crap on somebody when they're, when they're down? Why would you want to do that? The George. How you would, okay? You would cause you just basically a hard answer. That's right. I understand it. Not person who George is just, that's his thing. That's right. Just a miserable problem. Stick. Mother or wife. 27 past 11 and 56. Rewide WQ on POPETOPARK Racing and poker's got the gambling action you'll be looking for. Featuring live Thursday, even with great poker card room. POPETOPARK is open for racing your be Wednesday Friday in Saturday. Investible admission and parking are always free atominot park. Come out, Bruce Lee licenses a get baby or enjoyed poker on a smoke free cardroom with certain it's every day. Hey Wall a finish line is over here, baby. We also have harness. But high35. Somal casting action every day seven days a week from Trangan crap. All across the nation and even north America. Like Wood Mining, and even North America like Woodbine, a post-timed Pompano Park is 725 pm in the car room open as it noon. Come enjoy a fine dining in the top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor and every Wednesday is dollar night with draft beer hot dog sodas and much more just a bucket piece. Pompano Park is easy to get there from the turn-pike or eye 95, it's just a black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. For the racing schedule, a more information called 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000, around the Wicked Web at Compano Park.com. And I hope you'll get the live racing Wednesday Friday and Saturday, post-timed 725 at Pompano Park. This is a new Rogers. This is 5162 phase. Roger time. It's Gate Cabo Assonged from the Gate Cabo and movie featuring a homo on the range where the queers on the panel of play. Almost don't let your babies grow up to be a cowboy. Don't let them wear chaps and lipstick and stuff. Make them play football and kiss girls and such. And we're back here and Santa Ana again. We're the women don't have no man. First I was afraid. I was petrified. I can't believe it. I was never in a school. That's a girl. And happy males can be fun to stay at the WIAMS in cowboy songs. The Gate Cabo is on the way. 1133 a QA and let me just ask one question positive or negative. Hello, positive. I'll see this doesn't work in this line 12. You've got a you hit it wrong. What did mean I hit it wrong? Was doing that when you were hitting it? Oh no, please don't tell me. I'll just hit it again. Okay, let me hit it again. No, now you saw him. Yeah, you're there. He's there. Yeah, he's there. You're just already. He's a cool guy. I'm learning how to do this going thing. What are you sound like you're in a barrel? I don't know. I think you're pardon me. We didn't take this. We don't want to go up like you're in a barrel. I can't. Maybe I am. I ought to be in a barrel. We're going to get a foot of snow here today. Really? I did it for the gate. I bet you I'm one of the few people remember those polls. Do you remember him? Sure I do. It's the only thing I could do. I got one hour. They would book me with guess. I got one hour to myself and I didn't know what to do with it. I don't know who listeners know. I would do it like I could do. I would do it there. You said they're the following one day and give me on the air. Because we have never spoken. You would give me tips on how to do polls. Yeah. I remember. I remember vividly you told me that I had to always have a juicy question. Well, the one thing that was weird is that I think you were about the other than me, you were the only person in the market that would like to talk about everybody else on the air and positive. And it was just really shocking that anybody else would go on your and mention all the other talk people on different stations. Because you're right. There were like three stations when talk of that time. There were like 18 people that did talk. Wow. Can you believe that? And some of them actually belonged on the air. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't think there were decent that I did. So Jay. David Gold. No. God. The people that I learned from when I realized I was going to do talk. I sat down and I listened to everybody. There were three people that had something in common. You ran child and came. Yeah. And you know, things that I learned from the three of you was that. And you in particular, but the grand talent came also to different time of time. We'd go in and I said this in million times. That's sure as some of the go up and you got that on the table and let people pick through them. You know, that was it. I think that's what I just did this morning. Exactly. And that was the difference between you guys and the other 16. And that's what I learned from. I'm sorry we've had some pretty interesting times. I think the S.U.N. thing in the beginning. Maybe we didn't know you were there. Why should the mall we had to 5,000 people show up? I don't remember this close. Maybe 1500. But I'll take your five thousand. No, they told me 5,000. I don't know if George remembers what it was. But there were a lot of people. Yeah, let's say a couple thousand make me feel better. But I don't think that did you hear about the, what I mentioned about the rainy thing with the doll house. I don't think that helped. No. But the, you know, your memory is really bad. I've never played the English of what I'm really old to. Okay. I've never written a script on a rainy because she left my studio in an absolute mess. And it, you're you. And at that time, she could do the wrong in your eyes. So, you know, that just you often. She could do no wrong in my eyes. I was that day. What day was that? Well, at that time, she was the goddess. I mean, she was brand new in. I can verify this. That is what was going on there. Part of it. Is it really? Randy was a pig. I don't know if she's got no, but she was a pig. And we're going to leave a nice in the studio. She did it at I do. If you recall. Yeah. And that's the only thing I really read. God, you would listen to me coming off the track. And then on your show, you would put you by preview show, which really pissed me off on sitting there the morning. I had no calls. I had no better to talk to. And I would piss me off and so that I would write going new. Well, wait a minute. I would be coming home from the track at 9 o'clock in the morning. No, at night, I'd be using the replay. Well, I see. And you know, just, you know, ripping it mercifully. Well, I didn't want to leave you out. You know, there's no point in crying over spilled milk and rehashing all of that crap. That's, you know, it's all in the past. But it was really much into about nothing. It was not a significant. The thing that I was astonished by, because first time I ever heard about it, was the, what you called two and a half years of living hell at WLSN Chicago, was that all about? It was awful. Literally my very first day, the very first show that we're waiting for me out of the hall. And every day, if it was screaming and harming and bitching and mumbling. Yeah. And I asked immediately to get out of the contract and they said, though, you got five years of war here, boy. Well, what were they upset about? Because they didn't like it. Well, of course, that Midwestern, you know, everybody's got to be real low key in real polite that whole Midwestern thing. Probably, I constantly offended everyone. I offended the Polish people. I offended the Japanese people. I offended the, uh, the Catholic. Excellent. And it was, it was just awful. So how did last two and a half years though? How did last two and a half years? Yeah. Uh, they're just mean, I wanted to come back to Tampa and to have the Whisperer to accept it, but they wouldn't let me out of the contract. And so we just, I read daily. So, after you filed, after you filed, after you filed a escape from there, it was that when you went to the cornfields in Iowa? Yeah. And that's why I don't remember how we got a hold of you, and I thought, you know, you know, you're not going to say that your number we called you and said, is she when need you badly? Which I don't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing, but at the time, I thought it was a great idea. Well, the morning is an issue on word disaster, and that's what you heard. The afternoon is an issue on a really good damn stupid. You never heard that. Yeah. Um, you know, but they gave me some people to talk to and release them up a lot. And, uh, actually, I enjoyed the last two years special. I had never done before. And I blew out all the monorots, I blew out all the political talk, and just for the basically doing stream of consciousness. Yeah, Shnou is there. Yeah, with fun. A Shnou is there at a work. And the last person we call a week that we were there when the bird showed up here. But he was supposed to show up one day because he had been came from my show a long since, but he lived in Lapland, so he invited himself to come. And I thought that would be a good idea. Let's, you know, because again, there were no real hard meetings on my part. He just wasn't, he wasn't appropriate to be on the AM show. He was fine on Zeta. But we just, he was, uh, didn't fit in. Plus every time I talked about sports or anything, he didn't like he'd show a tantrum. But he showed up the first day. And because the, he, we fed him well and he enjoyed it so much. He showed up for first day. And because the, he, we fed him well and he enjoyed it so much. He showed up for first day. Well, I'll remember that week. I thought that it was a fun week. I guess it was. It was. It was. And I did an hour together with Dolan Carton. He was a belly, a living's last very long in Tampa, like Ford used in Tampa. I remember that Deli that brought him worthy. Was that it? Yeah, Michael Schwartz. Deli in Tampa, it's like selling halivat the North Pole, it just didn't work out too well. He tried so hard. But you, he initially put out a really great product. But, you know, unfortunately, it's the one, went there. The product declined and then the board ended up selling cars. Actually, I bought a car from me. Wow. Still have it too. So let me ask you this, the risk. I don't want to get to person one year. I will call you off the year. But that's whatever. I just, I just wondering, what, you know, are you able to get out of the house? Mucher, you like pretty much. No, my spirits are very good, but the reality is, I didn't lose the entire foot. At last 40% of it. I think that makes a, you know, ability very, very difficult. Right. I can see well enough to function of the house. Obviously, I can work on my computer. But I cannot drive. And, you know, I look up to window and I can't see across the street. I can only see about 20, 30 feet. But thanks for your wonderful life now. Yeah, you know, what I've put her through is incredible. It's been a roller coaster. You know, fortunately, I saved my money, so I don't have any financial problems. And my spirits are very, very good. I just consider. And, well, I'm able to function on a reckless anyway, so it's a silly talker. Yeah, and I'm glad you're the one that said that. Well, I'm going to be reading a blog every day. Don't go feel bad when you see those hits from Toronto on there where we're interested in, where we're happy to be, because I'll be, you know, and I think, by curiously, is there's any little good thing that you may take about in your play, is that you really have given me a wake-up call. I'd say, I've been on the a very narrow path for a six or seven days now. You can only have full mother nature so long. Well, I must tell you there's something that just absolutely made me laugh out loud last night. You know, as you know, I put up the pussy and I don't have any rear-steer thing I haven't drawn up. Well, I got a second one last night, and you'll never believe it's like the address. Yeah. Rogers dot com. I don't understand. There's a, there's a, there's a, that's, that's our, that's our cable system here, and they also have an internet connection, Rogers cable, and of course, all the stadium that they bought, it won't, it won't, it used to be the skydome, it's not called the Rogers center. So I know that seat readers in Toronto. There you go, see, say, or picking on me and you got another one out there. And now I have a few people who did this on the internet up here, and hopefully I won't run into them. But I thought it was pretty nice of them, shortly after I came and started doing my shows here, that they named the baseball stadium after me. There's a team with no, too good, but at least they named it after me. Well, I bring the venue. I'd be there if I could. Yeah, you'd love it. I'll guarantee it. Except for set today, I've figured out a too much in about two hours. I've always stayed in Florida, now I'm trapped here. Yeah, it's, uh, I'm telling you, if I had to come back and do the show there, I just, I don't, uh, I think I would just head do least and keep for keep sailing. The horrible place that really gets it filled with dog contents. Uh, well, yeah, but much, I like to use it. I'm not going to cross with you after beer. Hey, Bob, listen, I'm so glad you call. Take good care of yourself, and I'll be in touch. Please do. And I'll be on that blog every day. Okay, so don't over with me too much. Okay. Okay, take care. Be good. How about that? That was good. The quick job there, George. Yes, it was. Did you do it or did I do then? Well, he, he responded right away, so therefore. Thank goodness we were able to put it together. Why don't we have a real deal of this? Why don't we have a real deal of this? Because nothing I'm looking for a publicity in this blog, and he didn't need to be writing about me a lot. I haven't mentioned that. I got the phone fixed, and I called it was busy. And I thought, oh, now his phone doesn't work. And he sure infects all his numbers, so I can get in touch with him. I'm not on it right now. There you get on it. 16 till noon, if you weigh in. This is the new Roger. This is 5.16. This is 5.16. Drabelosavit presents the robing known denounce of travel myths. Our first myth, if you find it for the holidays, you won't be able to afford a summer vacation next year. Oh, please, sure. With travel also, you're going to grant them a holiday travel. Pass it this count on future hands travel. Myth number two, trips to San Francisco, could be unwise for those who are unfamiliar with the city's many areas that cater to the kinky taste of those of the alternative lifestyle. And don't give balls. I know this city likes a back of my clothes. I know them. I think I think all the next stop is the Trove driver. I can't wait to see the Bruce Lee film festival. I don't got like you better be together, you know. Oh, I don't be all right. Thank God, it's foggy around here. I can ban the reef of science. Oh, oh, this must be it. This is so sorry. Five favorites. So thank God, you must be the dwarf. They sent from the agency. I'm not a dwarf. I'm a no! I don't care if you're a pig me. Get your ass in there, you're late. Why are you pushing me? This is the phantom. But you know they're filming. Very, very. Create the dwarfs of fear. All right. The rain, scrap colleges, scene one. Ascent. Well, come on boys. Holy down the time for these emanations. My pants. My underwear. My god. So visit travel also be dot com slash San Francisco. Even if you travel during the holiday, you can afford a trip out west. No, you can't afford it. I think I'm in games to a man. Where are you to the friends? Oh God, stop again. It's all in 5010 alone. The apartment was shut down in both directions. And I was just about to give you the story. I'm why in what's going on in some kind of investigation. I'll just have to have a son sent. I'll screw my whole computer up. There's something with that website. Have I not told you that before? Yes, you did. Well, what's what's their story? What's what? I've got to read boot my computer here and look a boot it and a whole deal. Anyway, here's a fact from Darrell and Sarah Soda again. So the arroggers and Bob Lacer at the same time. The greatest day in South Florida radio ever. Thank God. No problem, Darrell. Thank you for a single long met. Thanks from the other day. Right. That is great radio. There you go. I would have been greater radio if the phone line wouldn't have been so bad. It was not a good line. That's why I like no it was rough getting on a go. I'm on longer but it was not a great line. It was sound like we were both in a sort of a barrel here. And here's another fact that says that was huge of you. So to speak if you say one life it's great hopefully you're on best with his devolving his family. It's only radio. It's only radio show. It's a radio show. It's not like it's not real life. And when people have problems, you know, it transcends all of this crap that we do on here and all of a silly the simple things out there. But there calls and there little noises there. Yeah, some of you people really belong here. I would say a rubber room but that would be too good for you. Yeah. No. That's what is wrong with you, Mason. You don't think he would love it when he used his drugs. I'm sure he does. And I'm so glad we talked. I can't begin. I feel so much better now because people at no base. He doesn't have the other thing because and I totally have this many many times. But it bears repeating. You watch somebody on television or you listen to one. And it's like radio is so much more so. Because on television you see somebody, you know, facially and you get the body language. Radio, you hear a voice. And even if you know what the person looks like and believe me, most of us have a face in a body for radio. But you don't know the person. Right. It's a radio show. Well, there's one person we do know. No, no, no, no, no. That's not the story. Oh, listen to mobile. Let me get to that. I'm going to your pardon. But do we start? Well, my next couple of hours. Boy, you're just you're just Jones and our heart. They're just a bit boy. He's wanted like any bread. So I have to get that. I have to do that. I'm going to talk about that. Well, the fact of the matter is that the worst stuff that he does is not on the year. I guess he's used to pull them all the shenanigans behind the scenes and making threats and storming around. You know, Mr. Buster, which is my new name for him. It's a bunch of crap. And only the most weak need and an inept management would tolerate the kind of stuff that's gone on or less for years. I listen, I've been doing this a long, long time. Maybe too long, but I have never encountered anything like this. This isn't just a case of all two guys who don't get along, receive eye-dying. This is a case of just massive interference. See, this is the reason I've got both those two people on my list. The people that I despise and which evil things I'd like to have voodoo dolls. Because when people interfere with your life, the one person cooked two to three years off of my life, made my life a living hell in my career. And the other person tried to destroy George. I mean, should we go through the list and in my career? When I drop the bomb, I'm going to make the... And then have the nerve to sit down and make both things to my face and then try to apologize. Yeah. So it's like stabbing somebody through the heart and say, oh, gee, I'm sorry. Let's do this through lunch. Not bad. Yeah. They didn't, they don't hold a water with me. And a few things I'm going to make up with that beast. The blah blah blah, that little piece of crap. You know, I don't know how anybody goes through life being at war with the entire world. It's just, how can you survive that way? I don't know how anybody could call the beast little. Well, he's fine for. I'm short. That little tub. Not on your back or that. And anyway. So that was amazing. The astonishing. You see, just like Bob says, you never know who's reading your blog and you never know who's listening to. We got some people listening on the internet, so I'll take it that. Ah, that's correct. Yeah. No, I think he's probably listening on the air. And Boca, he's still driving around in circles looking for what Wolf is used to be. I mean, we'll have to be stood last to ours because you seem to be all juiced up for a Slogfest. I would love to see you when the mole mice just slug it out in the hallway. Oh, man. Super. You can probably be punching his kneecan. It could be sumo. I would love to punch him because I don't know if that's a hand. Sumo wrestling, huh? Yeah, beast is the suit. Yeah. A boy named Sue. I got a diaper. In fact, I'll be like ripping on, bragging on him all the time. If you're mother on here, I think that's what I mean. But I need George and I've been doing that for years. Why didn't you start? He was beast was telling me before to show today about his mother. Well, the, and the force feeding and about, right? Because he weighs about 18 pounds and about when, now, what did you say when you're four years old, you wait how much? I don't know how much I weighed. That was a, I was a, I was a, I was a, I was a chubby kid. And mama sent him to wait watching as when he was four years old. I was like, groups. I was in like all sorts of soap groups for like, you know, four year old. I mean, I was made him neurotic about being fat. Ever since he would like a little child. So as most, all you people that have weight, the weight struggle know, the more neurotic you become about it, then the more difficult it is, it's like almost impossible because you become obsessed with it. That's, that's all you really think about. I've had to do that all the most people, at least they get on the scale. But now did you get on the scale a second time or was that just the one time? Is that we, how about you to ask of me? How many times? Yeah, he, his car, he, his car. He, his car. He, his car. That after walk upstairs for that club. But it was five pounds on the way. You are just brutal. Anyway, I'll look at the sun, send us. You've got my thing back on here and see what to do. Is Tom Eddowish, shut down in both directions and then there's this other thing. We're doing a crash. Did you see the crash? No, it's crazy. Spectators interfered with all my, it's going to be that. If Tom Eddowish back off and now we're back on the day, they exploded out of the device. I thought I was some sort of device. They exploded it. I see. It's a, a beauty. It's 1156. I very, uh, astonishingly, a QA. And don't forget come up to to a clock. Well, this is, is Neal Roger's. This is, this is five 162A. And this portion of the Neal Roger's are your 12 to one hour. Is brought to you by the 1112. 12, 24, by six, every day, I'm 1112. So like this is a pizza. Oh, for me. It air, top, top, top, top, top, top. You're going to do it. Coming up tonight, an inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They have an amazing story of how they got their name. And that's about it. They were hoody and the blowfish. We had these two friends. Yeah. One we called hoody. Because he looked like an owl. And the other one we called the blowfish. Yeah, because he was always popping out his key. And then it's Darious Rucker and Mark Bryan. Just told us the complete list of everything interesting about their band. Well, thanks for being here, guys. It's a big juicy something. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We did this Saturday morning cartoon show about a sponge named hoodie and his blowfish. Yeah, we brought a clip. Well, now, come first. That's cool. The background is getting on us. All the old event problems. We didn't really do a set of things. We didn't really do a set of things. We did that, Rosie. We didn't really do a set of any one of the kids show, did you? Nah, we just made the clip to bring to the interview. Yeah, we didn't want it to be over so fast. I see. Well then. Is that it? Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Did we tell you the story about our friend? Yeah, yeah, one called hoody. And the other one called blowfish? Yes. Well, yeah, that's all we got. Yeah, we're done. Yeah. Hoody and the blowfish. You heard them. They're done. It's a big juicy shopping with a little chill business tonight. On inside, divine wine. Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff. I think I'm just going to play that for two hours. All right, okay. I was in. All right, like it. Or we'll just, I was just for the beast on to rip his buddy for two hours. And then this good idea. I can go take a nap. So he's rarer to go, man. He couldn't even stop for the break. When you know something after I got a couple of things here, and then I'm going to let you do what I say, whatever you want. And then of course, the problem is he, he always promises to deliver something like really outrageous and he never says anything. Everybody's saying nothing. That means from behind. He'll be a potent product. Well, now that's yours. And like the Pillsbury, no boy. But look at the QM van right now. The head station of 177th Avenue and 41st Street in D'Ral. It's not by the drop off. A new one wrapped toy for the Big O's holiday toward Ravta. Benficant Miami Children's Hospital. It is really rock solid. 107th and 41st Street in D'Ralts. The van is there to a clock. So bring your toys. When I thought it was kind of toys, we know our crowd. Screaming mob traps driver after SUV and child collided in Miami. Police in Farrefissel said their furious over accident, they quickly turned ugly. When a mob gathered and impeded the rescue of a youngster were collided with an SUV, if this child dies, it's on the head of a lot of these people who are acting in that fashion, one police officer said, but you're reberneckity, it's man. If there's one thing I hate about reberneckers, it's that they're still alive. According to officials, the driver of a redshipping blazes across a city world boy near northwest second avenue in 1969 through the Ravta Ciciclott last night. An angry crowd quickly gathered, banging fists on the car and then kicking and banging on a fire truck when it arrived, they also got in a way of a rescue work. A rescue work has tried to help the injured boy. The driver Marie Medgin Andre 25 of Miami stopped the SUV she was driving after the accident, but was trapped inside by the shouting crowd after they started kicking and punching the vehicle. Permanent waited for the police to arrive, but officers had to call for backup to this first crowd, said Miami police department spokesman Delrich Moss. I think the biggest thing is that rescue couldn't get to the child. You have people who are pretended act responsibly but rather they're acting like a mob of criminals Moss said, if this child dies, it's on the head of a lot of these people were acting in that fashion, like lunatics. Police said it appears the child was been identified darted in front of the vehicle, he was transported to ride a trauma center with checks memorial and extremely critical condition in the investigation and the police said, why are people acting like crazy people? They're animals, they're barbarians. I see them. Here's the facts from Gerry and beneath the screens who's one of our good facts, who actually affects when he's got something to say as opposed to, like that, you know what I'm saying? What he said? Well first let's take a look at that poor result man. Last thing most guys want to be called is, Mo, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We should have put that on there. Boy, that's I think the word shot you can get, be horrible. 1637, Fag 48, my bitch 245, the P word 195, coward 138, a loser 132, if feminine 95, with 55, fat 53 beast, fat. You fat little pig, oh I know. 253, liar 42, see some people now, you know, use it as a shot. I use it because I think that's about the only way to get through to some people, say, boy, you are really fat. You're like a pig. And then some people get frustrated by that and they go out and get a half a gallon of ice cream, eat more, get fatter. When 53, liar 42, a whole 34, oh, all to live the day, what we could actually say that on the year. You know, I think I was the first person in the USA who said that who started saying that on the year. First person I heard. And then Phil started doing it and then just everybody in a brother started doing it. The Mr. Ego started doing it. Dom 34, how about dummy hole? Dom 34, a phony 31, ugly is got. I'm turned man. Pretty 18, what a pretty boy. Fruitcake 15, cheap 15, a wannabe 15, boy. This business is loaded with them. Crooked 15, scrawny eight, beautiful six and gorgeous has got none. So big. So far. I think we've got to shot an 18 and reports on this story. I'm sure on Christmas we started what? Like five days ago. Ha ha ha ha ha. I can see it. I was just pulled but I'll do that in the last hour. Okay. I think that you liked the one I did for tomorrow, right? Oh, I forgot already. Oh, no. I remember I liked it a lot though. I forgot what it was but I liked it. You see the, I don't want to give it away. Right. No, don't. Anyway, here's Jerry and Vinita Spring says, Neil, I've been in talk show junkie for many years. See, we always like Jerry up until we found that out. I don't admit this to just anyone so please don't tell anybody. Oh, he was just kidding. I've never called a talk show. Oh, now you started with team yourself big time Jerry. I guess I'm a long time listener and no time caller to which we say, Oh, right. I don't want to be a pain in the ass. As in, back home, I've listened to some people in the business that I thought were remarkable. Just for example, reach court a go court a can company a KVKA, 1020 on a and dial those days baby with a pirates in Bob Prince at night and reach a court a can company in the morning and Bob Collins and Wally Phillips to WGN Chicago. You and Bob last year are by far the two best in the business. I'm really not sucking up. He says, I first heard you in 1984 when I spent winter in Kilargo. I listen to you every time I came back to visit. Then I moved to Tampa, old poor Jerry. The first time I heard last year I was hooked. I couldn't believe there was someone this good in Tampa. He was on WFLA then. He became number one with 10 and 12 shares. This was his peak. At the local pub, I had happy. Everybody was discussing what last year it said that afternoon. I wish you could have heard those WFLA shows. After Bob returned from Iowa and went to WFLA. After we dragged his fat ass out of the corn fields. And went to WFLA. I was happy again. Then as you went there to some of casting your Miami show. See, let me just interject here Jerry. The reason they did that is because Cox broadcasting owned that station. They had bought it for whatever reason. It would be like buying a fur coat and not knowing what to do it. What you're saving them saying? Right. In Florida buying a mean coat, but you don't know what to do with it. And same thing, they bought S.U.N and they had no idea what to do with it. So, well, as the last gas, we'll slap this crap on from Miami and see if it works over here. It says, now I had died in God's heaven, Jerry says I had the two best in radio right there on one station. When Bob started doing the morning show, it didn't work. I know he just had enjoyed it, but it didn't work for me. It was like he was trying to force the comedy. He's not a funny man. He's a deep man with a sense of humor, but not a funny man. I know you can't go home again, but it was great to hear the awesome voice of the past. Thanks for the help of putting the last siter back on the radio. However, briefer was. Jerry, but he's doing a second Jerry. You okay, and our vocal, okay, he's precious again. Some of you are a son and he's good. Right? Right. People will take a call or two or a night promise. I would turn over the beast though for a little bit. Now, what is it that you want to say? How would you describe this tremendous rift? How does this come about between you and one of our very few? No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. What did it come about? Yeah, I mean, you started out and he came on. He was doing the six to nine. Right? That's when Greg, nice going by the way, Greg, stick to me under a nine o'clock in the morning. When other people were listening all their other morning shows. Nice job, baby. Mess with success. If it ain't broke, try to fix it. You clown, you fool, you silly, you fray. Yeah, Greg. Anyway, so you're on her sixth and I'm producing the show, right? Yes. That's when you were booking the game. I would agree. Yeah. Go ahead. I was booking the guest group and was running the board. And I struggled. I'd worked the phones or try to get some guests who wanted it. It was the offensive coordinator for the Steelers or whoever Mike Malarky is not the coach of the bills. I found a pile of Malarky to me. Yeah, I got him on the air. I actually know guests ever called in early, but this guy called it early. He's like, hey, I'm free. Can I go on now? It was like two minutes early. So, yeah. Yeah, I said, hey, yeah, we'll put John. So I, you know, go and Howard sets up. Hey, we got coach. Go to him now. Because I know we got coach for the working there. But let's go to Jose and Hylia. And they had like a five minute phone call about nothing. And that's what I realized. So I know nothing about doing a talk show. And that's when I just sold it in from there. Because I said, how am I working my butt off for a guy that's going to rail me like that? You didn't send me a New Year's card. And what happened after that? I mean, well, then he started to hate me and I hated him and it was great. And then he would go to Josh's office and say that I saw, can they be there as meetings about trying to bring people to his house? Well, it's not where we do that. Yeah, well, with that or that. But, you know, they have meetings about what producer they wanted to bring in and replace me and all this stuff. Now, you must know the story, the real story behind a story about Zack. Remember the day that Zack was in there and I always talking to him from here. And Clarence came in there and just about put his hand over his mouth. It was like, like he was operating a merry-in-net. Like he was pulling the strings and doing the voice, you know, like a puppeteer. And he can say, well, anybody wanted what was the real story there? Zack. I think Howard felt like Zack again. Like everyone else who ever worked for him. After a certain point in time, you can't do anymore. Guys, a coconut. You just, you just merely didn't because you realize no matter what you do, it doesn't matter. And Zack, I think, felt the same way. And then Howard, you know, all of this guy's about working for me is lazy. It's not an other than, you know, maybe this is like sad people. He hates everybody. Maybe he always got to think about bad people. Which, quite frankly, he could lose a few of the pounds in that fan as to. So that's it. That's, I thought you were going to go on a run. But I realized why I made him. I thought we had a two-page story somewhere. No, we told the camera. Oh, I realized why I really were truly don't like him. Yeah, because I'm jealous. My jealous of one, six figures and a two-hour time slot. Yeah, how do you know how much he makes? I don't have any idea how much he makes and quite. And I see, with me, I know this may come as a shock. I have no idea how much Hank makes, how much Mad Dog makes, more, any. And you know what? I don't care. It's none of my business. I'm just out of yin to. I'm not one of those people. Oh, you know. What do I care about? I'm making the pretty decent buy. I have no complaints about the money. Or in my schedule or the vacation days. I got the no complaints about that, especially not having to be there. And this is no lie. And this is about the true thing I could ever tell you. My not having to be there. And I don't mean just in that radio station. I'll let's a big part of it. Not being in South Florida. Go back to what Bob said about Florida sucks. That's got to add years to my life. How do you like that? I. Each or hard out Troy Strattford who's waiting for my Corvette, which he couldn't ever get, but he's waiting for me to croak. He wants me to will attend. Well, well, I'm finally going to come to my Corvette to a bald guy. I believe it too. Of course, it might have something inside, but nevertheless. 1213 at 56, he's speaking of vehicles. The truth is when you dare to compare, you'll see why Ford is the bestselling brand of vehicles in the USA. In South Florida, the only Ford you would have shot that is Armstrong Ford home said the holidays are here. And maybe your car was damaged during Wilma, or maybe you just want to get a great new ride for the holidays and for a long time to come. Well, now's the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich and let David put your ass behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford. Right now, Armstrong Ford home said they got fantastic offers and incentives. Get a thousand dollars cash back or financing as low as 0%. On a 4,500 or freestyle. Get $5,000 cash back at SON or S4 and Expedition. How about 2000 cash back on a skate and $2,500 cash back on focus, certain restrictions apply? When you buy a Ford for Armstrong Ford, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program on top of all of these things. That's right, tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford home said, guarantee you they'll bet the beast's life on it. They give you the best price and because they're locally owned and operated, they will treat you like a member of their own family because they want to make you a lifelong customer. You won't get a better deal on the Ford so if you want to go shop around waste your time and gas, but the smart thing to do is call David Rich at 305, 2475112 and tell David you want the Neil Deal. Armstrong Ford home said they're at 3075, South Thixie Highway just 20 quick minutes out to the E36. Check them on the wicked web, Armstrong Cars.com and drive a few miles extra to save a potload of money, man. Armstrong Ford of home state. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. All the slime all the time. Oh, what a glass. I can get a little piece of place. I'm sorry, I don't want to hear it on a loo. If I might do it here, I'd move my dough then press that like honey cream and step for you. You're watching me and doing it. Hey, I'll find a nice Hawaiian pun. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry, sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry because, stab everybody else in the back and get this one fired it, and all of a sudden, crap, when you start messing around with people's livelihoods in their careers in their life, at that point, that's when you piss people off, and that's the kind of thing that people on this radio stations stop tolerating right now, to go on to them long, this was going to be fired it and that was going to go on another show, and they have based on what, based on a fact you've had a temper tantrum day, you woke up on a wrong side of bed, that you are miserable, SOB, you can't get along with anybody on the face of the globe, it said, maybe you're wife, who I feel really sorry for, good, golly Miss Molly, you know, when a hell is somebody in that place gonna take the bull crap fight of horns in like, it is pathetic, just sad, I mean the line of people at the long line of people have been trampled over, by Mr. Buster, anyway, like I said, so the beast wants that show, if I started to say, I want to talk about that, oh, he's a very good man, I don't know, I'm just going to be my third and back right now. Well, let's just make sure he brings you all of it, okay, and doesn't like intercede, and like domed all the ways with that Chinese food and fat so I remember that, but yeah, just bring to the empty bags and the chicken bones, huh? Yeah, and I want you in today's sandwich with no bread. I just have some soup, some chicken soup. Excellent, very Jewish and good for you, okay? Yeah, give me some real good, screaming PM, so I started asking about it, you said to me, you wanted that show two to four, you know, okay, I'm going to do the show, you know, I'm going to do the show, you know, I'm going to do the show, I'm going to do the show, you know, I'm going to do the show, you know, I'm going to do the show, you know, I'm going to do the show, you know, I'm going to do the have two to four like three fuel, can you work? You know, I'm trying to do the show, you will do, in line, you know, Curtis in the base two to four, you can make enough buck McGill, you can upload things that you'll want to do there, and you'll do it, and I'm going to make sure you're going to do it and the table. and you can make enough buck McGill because by that time, probably the loss of you going. I give him the morning and the afternoon. I'll tell you one thing, a little fit for me and it is a good time to go, is early and morning. When he Ingolich where you look for impacts morning, morning? What's that? A good machine? A good machine, a good machine, mine. That's it. There were two Jamaican girls back me last night and she said something about, oh that machine! I just almost fell off my chair. I guess I'm the only one who got it. There of course, because I'm sick and proud of it. That's a good machine. On Monday for the first time, President Bush acknowledged that his Iraq war has taken a large toll on the Iraqi people, but he fobbed it off as if it were nothing. Taking questions after speech of the Philadelphia World Affairs Council, Bush was asked right out of the shoot how many Iraqis have died. Here's the exchange. Question. Since the inception of the Iraqi war, I'd like to know the approximate total of Iraqis have been killed and by Iraqis includes civilians, military, police and surgeons, translators. Bush, how many Iraqis have been sent to Biden this war? I would say 30,000. Not 30 minutes! More or less if that is a result of the initial impression in the ongoing violence against Iraqis, we've lost about 2140 of our own troops over 2150 now. Bush may have severely underestimated the total number of Iraqi did. Iraq Body Count.net estimates that a minimum of between 27,383 and 30,892 civilians alone have died as a result of Bush's war, but it recognizes that this civilian count which evases on published news reports is much lower than the actual figure. Our maximum therefore refers to reported deaths which can only be a sample of two deaths of us one assumes that every civilian death has been reported. It's likely that many if not most of it is who died will go on report about the media. That's the sad nature of war. Then there's the John Hopkins study from November 2004 in the Lancet that puts an answer all of about 100,000 Iraqis. If that figure is correct, Bush is off by at least the factor of three. While it's a really if I suppose to let Bush understands that his war is killed at least 30,000 Iraqis does even not figure me in anything in him. He acted as though was a totally acceptable number. In fact, his David Surotah has noted, Bush and the very nice breath made at Joker's end, wrapped in the next question, to say, I'll repeat the question if I don't like it, I'll make it up. The White House transcript reads, laughter and applause. That's the definition of of sanity. To segue from the deaths of 30,000 Iraqis in the 214 US orders to afford tempted humor is to reveal a frightening callousness. Kind of reminds me that routinely for the press uh the luncheon. Right. The WND. Yeah. No doubt he is under here. He's not here that the parents of all those dead soldiers. No other ones that are like hanging on by a thread. I'm sure they really find that most of me right. They're laughing hardest. While we'll take for Bush to grasp meaning in the magnitude of 2140 dead US soldiers in 30,000 that Iraqis are more, he has said over and over again that he came to liberate the people of Iraq and delivered them to give to freedom. By the way, they're voting like crazy, but they're including a lot of Sunnis. I just mentioned that they extended the voting hours. But he didn't liberate those 30,000 of those 100,000. They didn't get to unwat their gift or if they did, it blew up in their faces. Each dead Iraqi has a name. Each dead Iraqi leaves a family that will never be the same again. And what point is the president ignores the horrific pain he's inflicted on the people of Iraq? Nenshinia mere number and then blightly moving on doesn't cut it. Such indifference permitted they are mass killing in the first place. It shouldn't be blanked it over them again. Matthew Rockshow writes for the progressive. And anyway, probably not as well as Tommy Pinko, you know, doesn't love American. He's a her, our troops. All the speaking of that. Other important issues of the day is why House and House is trying to rebuild them. Love me. He's not surprised we got any might like to do that in all the means. Aren't you? In a state where they want to be. Too many dark folks live in there. Anyway, they don't vote for irreverpublicans. It's that most am I doing the right to the same. Or a Japan key. That most wonderful time of the year unless you hate this time of the season because of the crowded malls along with his lines, the parking hassles, the crazed shoppers man. So make your gift giving a lot easier for you and you love ones by giving them a dial on mattress. Give to a ticket. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a dial on mattress gift. You can do a ticket and a denomination and a new bed makes a perfect gift. That'll last them for years. Every time they do something really salty on it, they'll think of you. Or a sugary. When you call 1-800 mattress or choose some silly service and King Coral, Stearns and Foster, you would end pepper pedic. Maybe you suffered some damage from Hurricane Wilma. Maybe you need a bed for those last man on a bed and pin in the S holiday guests. Whatever, call 1-800 mattress. You'll get same day delivery from 8 in the Amtil 10 pm. You still get to pick the date and time for delivery to figure schedule. And dial on mattress is mighty proud and well ought to be of their record of be non-time 99.7% of the time. They're ranked number one of the world in customer satisfaction. I've been using them for a very long time and you ought to do the same if you're smart. Before those guests arrived, just make that one easy call 1-800 mattress or log on to mattress.com. dial on mattress 1-800-MATT-RES. Leave off the last S because it stands for 5-10 of this, facing Neil Rogers. This is 5-16 of two things. Out. Pubesible. If we came backwards, this is what would Jesus do. Tell Chris, get to pay his AISAS. If we came backwards, we're supposed to what would Jesus do. We moved it on first like this until Chris gives you pay the AISAS. If we came backwards, this is what would Jesus do? 5-10 of power passed removed their numbers, stickers, and help Chris gives you pay the AISAS. If we came backwards, this is what would Jesus do? Suck it all, rightly, find the power, pass removed their numbers, stickers, and so Chris, give you pay the AISAS. If we came backwards, this is what would Jesus do? 5-10 of power passed removed their numbers, stickers, and so Chris gives you pay the AISAS. Alright, 1234 or 26-1. Happy dinner with colleagues, Maria Chinoca, happy Christmas. Summer, summer, winter, summer, winter, summer, winter, summer, winter, summer, winter, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, Summer, summer. summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer, summer anytime. summer, summer, summer, summer, summer. summer, summer sky, summer summer, summer, summer summer, summer summer, summer, summer, summer summer summer, summer summer summer, summer summer summer summer, summer summer summer, summer summer summer summer, summer summer, summer summer summer summer in summer summer summer summer in summer summer in summer summer summer summer summer in summer, summer summer summer summer summer summer in summer summer summer summer summer summer for summer summer summer, summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer th summer They also did it on the day when the challenge or blue-up, blah, blah, boey. Yeah. And you're dealing with people who are so soft and more, except morons, and I don't find any humor in that. None. Zero. It's pathetic. These are people who never grew up. You know what they remind me of? Ken Block. Oh. Ah, lots of that. You know, they got maybe like 60 years old by now. He's still calling up once they're like, ah, lots of that. And we'll never stop. See, you say never grew up, but I don't know children that would think that was funny. But I'm just saying, in other words, he reached a certain point of maturity. And I used that word very loosely. I single him out, you know, there's plenty of other words to join that. Ah, lots of that. I like, like, this is his trademark. How about the garling guy? How many years is he going to be doing that? Like that. You know, with his last breath. It'll be. Yeah. Really? Yeah. And other words, that's a medley of his material. Have you heard anything else? Never? Well, the last time he did like in Belusher a little bit, he said, I thought it would be like that. And I think he was probably encouraged by that moe promo. And I don't know where else I said. I like that guy. Like that. Maybe he's on the verge of something. A virgin one. Never's breakdown. Yeah. We can only hope who the car or moe. Either one. No, look, I said, all or is needed to be said, there's nothing more. And anybody can deny all they wanted deny. The fact that a matter of ways that they're a motion egg is that they're trying to be pulled behind the scenes. And when people start harming other people on a personal level, that's what a craft stop. Stop being radio or just a radio show. And when it starts being unacceptable. And in like most real businesses, that's what it starts being a fireable offense. You know? But nevertheless, this again is not a real business. It's more like monkey business. It's Reagan, his circle of inner core of a buckler. Isn't that that's what you and always has been? And always will be. Like you said, I think you summed it up from the very first day I walked into that place, a sports car with a microphone. Leave it to a little George to come up with a classic line. Not a thought of radio station. It's a sports bar with a microphone. And like when Clarence came in, we put a show this morning. I said, I was trying to explain to him the thing with the effect. As we got about Lancet or, you know, he would know Bob Lancet or from Robert Kulu. I mean, he had no idea who he was. And you want to know why? Why? I told you this morning because he's not a talk show person. He's not a radio person. He's a sports groupie. And the beast knows that. That's your boyfriend, man. What he knows about radio, he could put it a symbol and have room for the beast left over. I used to be, did you have that falling out? I was over late. Oh, who was his roommate? Oh, Stu got to see his name. Now let me ask you this seriously. Since Stu got to see the general manager at the process street, which I find most amusing. Yeah. That would be like saying Donald Duck is the head of General Motors. And then you can finally see him out all anymore. I mean, you know, he was like, I thought he was coming. They were constantly at the Super Bowl in Jack's middle school. Right. And he came up to me and he goes, Feast if a, if a, if a hurricane from my station, you'd be working for me. What does that mean? He was like, given to like ego trip like he had an ego. How, how can somebody with so little talent have an ego? He got no, he doesn't like I said before, but he was in our station. He has not belong on here. You're even a single by his fine. Good bye would be a good start. Didn't, did not belong on the air. They all have ego's over there. They think they're, uh, dominant. How, how can he have a, oh, dare and have an ego? They think they dominate. They dominate. What? I don't know if that's, if you talk to anyone from over there. They believe their, they believe their, they believe their, they believe their, or you don't even have to worry. They're on a least radio station. Okay. They have nothing. The only show that they can sell any spots on his little vlog. And he's pissed off because you've got no show anymore. Cause he's all a jammed up with spots, which used to be his big bitch when it was on a worst team. Those long spot breaks. And now he's over there. We're like all the spots on the station. Because who wants to buy the rest of that garbage? And the booster may not have to time anyway. Wow. Just do gods. See, he created like, uh, not Frankenstein, but Igor. And he reminded you of Igor a little bit. So many Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Oh, and I see this is doing the same thing. What was doing before? Oh, again. Careful. Uh oh. See, I hit the button and now you, I think you're going to have to reboot. Yeah, not good. Why is this happening now? What are those things? Yeah, I'm hinting to do an at the end of the little. No, I can't do it. Yeah, I'll reboot it. Oh, that's bad. So we go to the can't take no calls right now. That's bad. That happened when it would bomb two when you had a mind of that line for a second. So I think you've got to reboot it on your end. It's definitely on your end. Okay. Please take a look on his end. Okay. You see what the problem is. It looks like there's a shrunes. Maybe they're like, uh, most legal varies. See, love before. Maybe they're maybe he left a few laying around. They're like sprout now. Like beans sprouts. The last thing most guys want to be called is, a little bit of phones are going nuts, but I present and like see there's a little, I love that. That's a good thing. That's pretty interesting. But I mean, it's a, you're actually picking it up, but it's going into the headset. It's going well. I don't have no headset. It's going to go ahead. The headset that the producer would wear to answer the phone. I see. So I was a beast could hear it if he had the headset on, but we don't want to, we don't have one that wide. Anybody who never saw the beast by the way, his head is wider than most apartment buildings. Anybody ever call you a fat head? No, you really are. I mean, you're, you know, I think the only person I can think of with a bigger head besides your roses. That's it. The three of you, man, go to the head of the class. 1688. The last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 422. My bitch 252 boys, sure, which we can play prison bitch can't do it. The P. were 200. I'm a seven. Oh, for whole. Care powered 144. A loser 136. Affement 95. Don't call me a feminine. I'm just a little, I'm a very, very, very. Wicked 56 fat 56. That's this station by that could that could be new logo. fat 56. How you like it? Right on. He will be back. It's right now. Hey, Brian 56. I love it. Wim 54. A liar 43. A whole 36. All my. Dom 34. Like your president. Affone 33. I'll weigh 31. Pretty 18. Fruits K 17. Cook 16. Cheat 50. And what we call time pretty. I'm pretty. A pretty. Beautiful. Okay. I'm asking the B. He's a pifuid span. Yeah, what about it? Nevermind. Fruits K 17. Cook 16. Cheat 15. A lot of B. Fifteen. Scrawney. A beautiful six. And gorgeous. Only norma Kansas. Oh my god, is he gorgeous? He's a miss. He's a meal rougher. He's a little slowing when he's talking about. Fifteen. Fifteen. Fifteen. Protect this way. If it's our online game, all they died in the way, we had an Irish pass for the T. Okay. Oh God, stay not. Don't put no blame on me. As I come from live, vacation for a photo opportunity. Swing your partners round and round. Now go a little swimmer to an orange town. Swing to the left to the rack. Here we go. Swing a little mud. Now go, sit down. Oh God, three not. Viking those people, please. This person will leave the end up. And it is for a care-recky. This year, ringing the holiday season, with a voice that rains as clear as a jingle bell. It's a macy gray Christmas. Come on. Whoa. Oh, when you come. Come on. Come on. Come on. How is that? How is that? How is that? How does that happen? How is that? How is it? More than that. Grammy Award-winning vocalist, macy gray. Sing to this style that's beyond compare, at a language that's beyond the comprehension. On a macy gray Christmas, macy sings all our U.S. hyphabets like, caigra her in her hand, prahe her in her hand, and this in this hyperbuccassic. Macy gray Christmas, macy gray Christmas is available at your local can. Macy gray Christmas, macy gray Christmas is available at your local can. Excuse me, but I do believe that's a f- Comforty eight, twelve minutes still one, but we've got an award-winning lineup today or a one. It is incredible. Got that panther game against the windwings tonight at the Amaccharina. Any interest whatsoever. Jesse Agro is very excited. Jesse Algy is very excited about that because he gets to do the pregame at seven and a well-to-pre-pre-game at seven and a seven thirty. Does that wiser excited? Very excited. Well, he better do a really good job at Erwin and he's potfannell come in and take his slot. That he's shocked to hell up already. Okay, let's stay straighter call the game. He's getting better with the panther's every game. He's improving getting excited about the team. Have they actually won a game? And you shut off the knees. Only speak when you're spoken to and hopefully no one will speak to you. God. Papa, papa, papa. Just like Rimmer always said, that's the one thing I'll say to Rimmer was right bang on about and that was or spot on about and that was an easy potfanne. Man. Good, golly Miss Molly. All the way to the foes are working again now. So let's not waste our time right? With nonsense. Right. QAM hello. Yeah, he's a good crossover with Hank in the morning. How about a good one with the moment and you have to know and just beat each other's brains out? No, no. No, here we try that one day. He appeared out of nowhere. Voice came on and no, that wasn't going to work out. I'm not interested. Why do I want to see our like Hank and our good friends. We know each other for years and we work together many, many times. We like each other a lot and we have something in common. As opposed to a two o'clock, we hate each other like poison. We have nothing at all in common. I mean, absolutely positively. Absolutely nothing. Zero. And you know, in his case, there is no common ground and he doesn't allow any room for common grass. Why do I want to aggravate myself after like doing my four hours and five minutes of whatever do you say that's enough? I don't have any gigantic ego that I need to feed it by being on your longer than four hours. Not to mention certain people in the morning on serious radio. Boy, now that he's on there, what's he going to be on like seven hours a day? About two hours a day, the steering show and for what their panomy ought to be. WKOM. Hello. Hey, hey. WKOM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Why don't you say I've made myself after like doing my new day radio down there? I can hear it so loud as coming through my ears. My column is twitching. What do you got, Pally? Have you been to the room? What is it? No. Yeah. Boom. Yeah. Ah. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oh yeah. Good bye. How many can we have? Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Pretty good, Pally. I'm so happy about some of our series. I guess series radio yesterday. A year ago, series had about 200,000 subscribers. Right now. What's how it starts? I've done. It has been come over to really like you mentioned yesterday. Okay. The other thing is like, I would call the author stock rocking down. I would go stock a year ago at 260. That stock has only gone up. Right now, yes, the other day the high was like 750. Well, he called us. He made a lot of money on it then. Wow. I bought 2000 shares. Wow. Well, let me ask you this. Don't miss us. Okay. So it's hard rocketing down. I mean, come on. It's only got the shit. It's just that it's 680. Okay. This is where it's done there. Then BBGI. Oh, it's done a lot. I bought a share of water. That's not that easily stock man. It was up to 18. I was like 13 bucks and changed. Last time I checked 13 was a real stock. Oh, definitely. I bought shares of Microsoft. Our micro company, one of those. And I bought it at a dealer right. 46 at one time. That's the number one pass of dollar. Yeah. Okay. So I lost some money there. So it's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It sounds interesting. Look, it sounds interesting. Oh. So Danny needs to have a ride. This guy's a little hard gonna pass of my government. Nice John. You're here after tonight. So Danny needs to have a ride right there. They're forever competing to march. Should we build along a little more? No. They'll save a little—lookIN' Dank them off. That's daddy. He's elegant. We put Chi Naté Baptezia inside. Don't hold them in the zitle box. Oh, yeah. That'd be a niceock man. It's just, when you work in this property you see the way the operate and Joyce and the whole thing. Cooper tongue sanitizer. you shake your head and just laugh your ass off. Then you know for sure. When you find out these people are not listed on the stock market and people are actually getting kind of buying stock in this outfit. Then you know for sure that the stock market is one big scam. All of us over to screw that. 560560 pound, 560, Verizon, singular wireless line. Want to get one so you don't want to make the buy stock on spicy package. Then how about you preventing? You hate to sell other goods like that? But you are pretty worried. Oh, he was just getting started, I thought. To the whole musical. Oh, that was good. To the toy toy toy toy toy toy toy. You're going to do it a little more in fanacley. Man, work on your drawing, man. What if I have that? I wonder if a boy does a toy. Is that like a juicing? Tell me, do you QIM, hello? I think I got a renewed Robert Lugus contract. I'm trying to do it a little bit. I'm trying to do it a little bit. I have to do it for the goalies. After goalies. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixteen, pound, five, sixty on the horizon. Singular wireless lines. You would know Bobby Lungo, if he has a shock, fourteen bucks up your recto, but you might enjoy it a lot from the sound of your drift. Was he drifted a little bit? A little bit. WQAM, hello. How many of your favorite colors? How many of you QIM, hello? They worship God. They worship money. Oh, there you go. He's talking about the beesleys again. By the way, anybody wanted by any spots? In fact, if you buy a spot for a buck, we'll promise never to say anything bad about you on the year for next 100 years, we'll promise swear to God. How many of you QIM, hello? QIM. Hey, Niam. Yes, sir? I am one of those that I remember Bob Blasher and you, and I'm looking at Bill back in the second S.U.N. days. And I'm going to ask you about his job. On S.U.W.W. with Whitman, was still with the center, was it just Randy and Rick and so did me? I was about four of you at one point for a short time, the guy is driving job that took me to a calorie every day. And, you know, I was able to catch like, fit some pieces of pre-show like that whole lineup. And so it was a great time being job. And you got to go back to back. I mean, the shows were crazy. I just enjoyed every minute of it. And it's one of the college, you know, I'm one of those few that do remember Blasher. And, you know, you and Bob and Phil are just something the greatest talk radio I've ever listened to. Absolutely. Thanks, thank you, Bob. Good time. I'm a great junior accounting. Okay. 560560, Pomp 560. There was some fun times. We had a good time. It's nice meals. It's a done a tellers man. Right? Thanks regards to my good close personal friends. A done a tellers on Dell maybe they're in Tampa. And also, Bern Lacksley was dead over there at Bern Stakehouse. Yeah. Oh, boy. I totally almost got in the morning of that night. He invited me in dinner there. I, you know, I'm not because I ate there, but I was very sick. And he gave me the tour of the kitchen and the wine, and seller and the great comedy said to me, I never tried to repay kindness. I appreciate all the people you've said over here. I've been in people from South Florida, but I never tried to appreciate kindness with a similar favor. In other words, you're going to pay. Which was okay, but it's just kind of odd. Then he would go out of his way to say that. You know, like, you think you're going to free me here. Forget about it. Okay. I never repay kindness with kindness. That's just right. And I would use a real bastion now. He's dead when I was getting engaged there. And Bern Stakehouse? Yes. Now listen, I don't think that's a place I've never been in there. Because when I was going there, that was back through my UN baseball days, but we never had a dessert room upstairs. Oh, son, I'll read you a minute. All of three, four, ten, five. I wanted to say a word. I want you to say two words that they said after the Holocaust. Okay, you know what they are? Never? Again. Excellent. This is Neil Roger. This is five six four four four. The bomb to two L.A. Hi, Benny. Oh, I don't even know. I just need it. I am over here. I'm not over there. So, Ben, feel the tip to watch, Hans. Yes. And you may be tastes good. Why does that look good, but first? Me, me, want to sacrifice myself on the sacred altar of Bush. That reminds me of the time I had lunch with him in New York. We were sent in a mully pink on Rome in the second Avenue of Delhi. See, the mighty Greatful Time! You know, that's good. And you have to have a picture of Pad Coupard the Wall. See, over there. Oh, yeah. Here's a good pickle. Yeah, do it, the Wall. The Parallel Waxon. Who's the Wall for pickle? The classic stock was only fixed. Yeah. Are you ready to only have that richist gentle meat? I'll have a cochef poker, taller. Yeah. And you say, you see that there? He coffees third. That's a man who knows who I am. He'll have a Dr. Brown's black dress. But the very... With a twist of lime, of course. Oh, lime? The nice say lime surely. You're the man of discerning taste. I only recommend the twist of lime. Just present a Dr. Brown's plain before I twist you out. It's always good to get a lot of that cover. Life in the Dr. Brown's. Do I look like Goi? I'm... He got cochef on the beef. So what am I doing? I'm leaving anyway. What are you leaving for? I like it. So I draw it and the spit. You know, it's cohesitual. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That's it. 103 and 56 did over to QAM. I'm happy Thursday to December 15. And a big day is coming soon. You know what big day that is? No. Not Christmas vacation. Oh, George will be out all night next week. I'll see you ask you to go up to wherever it is. North Carolina? Well, the same Augustine is where they're in the hospital. Same Augustine. I love saying Augustine. That's not a problem. Which is I don't mean having any trip. Uh, my former stepfather, you know, they got divorced. I see. What they still have any other things together. They weren't doing anything. They're doing nothing up because they're both miserable cusses that no one else can stand. And they had a little bit of a wreck in George was hoping like maybe a phased old, but I didn't work out. One way or another man. No hospital and so I'm meeting with their own house. How are you said? I don't know, but supposedly they're fine, but they're in there because you know how old people they bruised and all. Well, guess what? Graham, buses run from Jacksonville to Miami. Air every single day over and over again. Every hour and a hour. They could write on top. Nice clear sailing. Maybe I was thinking more like tied to the back. Okay, we finished out the first pool and now we got tomorrow's pool on there, which I'm sure that once they find, I don't know. Maybe they won't like this. I think it's a little intro inspection today since I've been very introspected myself. George liked the pool. Yeah, great. Well, I would first hear the result from the other one, which was okay. The last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 425. Honey like that. Fag. My bitch 258, the P word 201, P you coward 144, a loser 138, a feminine 95. Whip 57, fat 57, these only 57 people are a lot of we called fat. They rather croaked and be called fat. That is true. That's so. Whip 54, a whole 36 of phony 34. Boyd right at dumb 34. There's nothing like a phony dumb a whole. Ugly 31, pretty 19. Boy, that guy sure is pretty. Sure got a pretty mouth too. Fruke 17, crook 16, cheap, and a wannabe each have 15. Scrawon 8, beautiful six and gorgeous. Soda menta uno. That must be normal. I voted for gorgeous. Don't you think? Let's put it. Wouldn't surprise me. Okay, here's the new pool for you to work on. That was good. Have a full-to-work on. How do you rate yourself as a human being? I've tried to be objective. And maybe they actually are. Because I got you the letters in the alphabet. ABC, A the best, B pretty good. See average, D. I got many flaws. E not a good person and F I'm a piece of shmit. So it's so far. The first 10 votes. I just stuck into one on there. Just to switch it over. We got how many votes? Twenty two, like I said. How do you rate yourself? Pretty good, B 10. That was my vote. Pretty good. Not perfect. B. What about the B? Soda menta. B is in B. Let me see it again. How about the beast? I think catch all of the multiple choices. A the best, B pretty good. See average, D. I have many flaws. E not a good person. F I'm a piece of shmit. I would say D. D, many flaws. Just look at it. Wow. And of course, if we're having your case, we'll be an awfully big one. B pretty good is got 10. D, I have many flaws. Five including the beast. C average, five. Well, that's wrong with being average. Nothing. F I'm a piece of shmit too. Oh, this is E. I'm not a good person. And A the best. None. Oh my god. Nobody's got that thing of an ego. That's good. That's good. I'm surprised. I'm shocked because I thought most people, um, they don't come any better than me. You know, they made a good point there about what you go and see if you have such an ego that you would vote A, then you're actually a B. So in other words, uh, you're really going to be a B, A. Maybe a half A of B, A and B in the jackass. I don't know. Soon he turned out heavy in a racky election. All right. A racky's voted in his historic parliamentary election today was strong. Turn out reported in SUNY, Arab area several explosions rock bagged out throughout the day. But the level of violence was low. Was an accident. But not too many people got hurt. The heavy participation by the SUNY is a witch on validating last January. Both of you as hopes of calming the insurgency enough to begin withdrawing to the next year before that American election. That's what they're really worried about. Oh boy. Because of the large turnout, the Iraqi election commission extended voting for an hour till 6 p.m. That's 10 a.m. Eastern time, long since passed. As long lines were reported in some precincts. The commission said results will be announced within two weeks. Just long enough for them to phony them up. They're going to get the cats in here. So by the way, can you hear about her playing? No, what about it? Policeman guarding a polling place in eastern Baghdad's Zionan neighborhood fired shots. They're to celebrate the end of voting. Then when the polls open, a mortar shell exploded near the heavily fortified green zone, a civilian was killed as a matter of fact. At a voting state near Falugia. The violence was minimal overall and not appeared in the Surge Iraqis as they stuck their purple, angstained index fingers up in a year. I'd always sound a fudge report to his lady on her. She's got her middle finger up there for Matt. She's saying, do fair. Yeah. She's not even missed with a fudge. Oh, brother, talk about a sellout. Pathetic. I might have to end that one to my list. Not quite as intensely as the other two. Oh, yeah. You don't think so? Well, I'd you tell me. Like if that self-hating queen got run over by a freight train, you wouldn't be a set about it? No, I wouldn't be upset. I think we'd have like a little party. Oh, speaking of parties. Oh, answer it for me. I forget about 49 votes. 49 votes. On the police. I am. I don't really give a crap. I'm so sick and tear all those uptight people in that place. Like I said, well, they know about talk radio in the QAM. You could shove an offimble and have room for the beast and slept over there. And 14 halabob pieces. I think that might be how to be a thumbled though. How do you rate yourself as a human being? Be pretty good 25. That's not a bad vote. Z, many flaws nine. See average nine. F, I'm a piece of shrimp for her. A, the best two and a not a good person. So we got two people are the best. Oh, God, I can't wait to meet them. W, Q, A, and hello. Leo. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I don't think I've been able to get through you for eight years, maybe. Well, here's your lucky day, man. This must be it. It is. It's my lucky day, thanks. I want to thank you for the inspiration to send me on my way on the trips I've made to Eastern Europe. I know you never went that far. I know you said, Nick, this year I'm going to Budapest and Prague. You've been there? No, I've been going farther than that. And I'm going to leave my specific location. I'm going to miss three, but just to be able to say that every single moment, chance I get, I'm over there and just, well, let me ask you this question. Why would you want to leave your destination in mysteries? Are some of somebody tapping the collar? No, no, no, no, no. The best part about it is there's no American there. No, no, no, of course you have about that. And I'd like to keep it that way because that's the best part about it. Exactly. So I just want to thank you for the inspiration to get me to how I'm at this country. I love them. I'm in across the pod the next day of week. I'll be sure and say how all your Eastern European friends for you. Thank you. Okay, good luck. Great. How do you like that? See you guys got to get El Paso Porto and the Beast got a rich family there. You could have the little handle of tickets. You can stay in Alzo, the apartment, and Amsterdam. You is the apartment. You is the poor Al, you know. I just, I see now there's a guy. I don't really want to talk to him because I don't know what I would say to him. You know what I mean? El Acidara will call maybe when I'm on vacation. I'll get in touch with Bob. But, but, Al, I mean, he's been through hell and, you know, he's, he's a good guy. He's got a good heart. He's just, he's just over the top. He's like his own worst enemy, you know. He can't control himself. But, he's got a good heart. Big fat one. I'm sure. But, right. I'm going to lie. He looks like now. Can you imagine? Because he's lost so much weight in that riker's island. You know, when he go to prison for an extended time like Al did. And when they're tearing your kishki's out, no one you have no money. But, he just, you know, take a look at this. We let any Bruce, uh, blurry flint, algal's thean. It's just just one after the other after another. They just go after him, relentlessly. They just tear him to pieces and even show them to them. They have to. Term to shreds. Because we have to bring decency back to America. We have to go turn a clock back and go back into the dark ages, man. On you people watching those damn pornographic shows on the cable. We'll take care of that pretty soon too. And if satellite radio, you think that they're going to get away with some, once a crap on here, you just wait. After Stern, others the first effort on it. It will have a Sam Brown back, will be on a van wagon. They'll be something, old van wagon or whatever the thump. And you'll see, wow, we got to do something about this. Children might be listening. Children, you know, of course all the children are getting killed with guns running around and then while we care about that, don't mess with our guns. Don't effort our guns. But words, man, the word police are pretty pissed off. That's why we can't say nothing no more. Plus we got Joyce's an idiot. Come to the QAM, hello. Neil? Yes, man. Can you please bring back the lightning round? Oh, it's not a man, it's a simple one. Neil? Yeah. Please bring back nothing round. I don't think we do lightning round every day. I can't see you have noticed. Oh, thank you. Okay. That was just too God's to our voice. They were like, they had a pliers out, squeezing his nuts. That was definitely too God's. Can you hear me tell me? No, I can't say that as a no one. It's gravity. As a rotesk. He's got a really grotesque voice, you know what I'm pleasant. Gravity. Kind of like that bit. Oh, you've got it on that car. Don't look for it. It's not. All right. What is it with the question mark? I don't know. How can I have a bit in the, DCS is, separates with a question mark. Get all gravity here. Yep. Five six seven and then, well, KXRK thing. Now don't look for those. I don't want to hear them because they're not, they're not that great. One thirteen and five. Speaking of not that great, don't forget, Moe coming up. Do do do do do do. You sure want to miss that at two. I urge everybody to listen to the show that follows me because the show that precedes him is what the his problem is in life. No matter which one it is. Oh, boy. It's just, there. Yo, I just worn out. I have no words to describe it anymore. Any mole. When you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and value, those are the three ingredients that ought to pop in your mind. Like, kind of like, just like that. So do the smart thing. And do your shoe shopping at a great place. Brandy shoes and pompot obiege. Brandy's cares a humongous selection of all the top brands like rock port, floor shime, echo, mafisto, new balance, SAS, and last more. And Brandy's professional shoe fighters will make sure you've got a perfect customized video favor comfort shoe every time just ask for Arnie. Who makes you get the right fit and it's the right price as well. The opposite Brandy's even specialize in wide width for people like the beast who got big fat feet, a fat head, a fat public and fat feet. Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere. At least there's consistency there. Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort, solid, value, and selection, always think brandy shoes. And you'll find Brandy's in the same great location they've been doing for years and years, 1290 or federal highway and pompot obiege. Brandy's is open daily to lines on days till five. In this week, a student is time for extra savings at Brandy's. They 20% off and selected men's and women's styles. Choose from SAS, naturalizer, floor shime, spirit, and rock port. So we should get your ass into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping, sit right there on your Fed ass on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AM. Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it do it, do it, do it , do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it did do it, do it, do it, do it, do it are there the Lord said now waves are in the Lord there,來, do it, do it, do it, does it, do it, it, do it, does it, do it, do it, do it, do it but, Nine to the membrane, love it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, don it, do it Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, No. 120 why did you have a little général? Sag各fa, what was the Reckes? Two things number one. They really are incredibly ugly. And number two, you know what I was able to want those purple fingers? And a couple of the guys I saw smelling those fingers. Yeah. Well, I wonder what they smell like. Ahh, careful, now, I'm careful. Let's speak out of that. It's speaking to back from Hobbit. Here's the email. I said this day has been, I don't, I don't even know how to describe it. What a hell of a day. An email from Norma Kint. Oh, he, this will crack you off. And I guess it's true. It says I was able to deal with the fact that the state revenue agency sent me a tax return to Norma Kint enterprises. But I recently made a donation to the Broward General Hospital Cancer Foundation, where they put your name on one of those fancy brass trees. So I called them up and asked why I'm at Clark Red Norma Kint, on instead of Norm. And the lady there said, why are you, listen. And the lady there said, well, aren't you the Norma? And the judges be first to honor radio all the time. Norma says, okay, then, eh? How do you like that? Oh, oh, oh, oh, my god. Oh, my god. That is choice. That's a beautiful thing. Well, yeah, when you see Norma, you know it. I'm saying, when you see Norma, I have a custom name Norma, but it's like a she. That never less so is Norma. Patriot acts fate remains uncertain. Rolving wire taps and ability to peek into private medical records are among the provisions of the anti-terror Patriotic that will remain intact if the center follows the house lead on the bill. By a 251 to 174 vote yesterday, the US House agreed to review 16 of the answer provisions that were sent to a spire at the years end. The bill now heads back to the center where a fearsome battle is expected. The Patriotic is essential to fighting the war on terror and preventing our enemies from striking America again. President Bush said in the statement praising the House vote, and the war on terror, we can't afford to be without this law for a single moment. Among the provisions the House proposes to withstand is one allowing the FBI with a court order to place wire taps on every phone and suspect uses. It preceded you call a robbing wire tap and another from a agency to obtain personal personal records, including medical documents and library activity. Aha, watch what folks you start checking out. It's a set of approval these investigative tools will be available for the FBI for another four years in majority of the act, however, has no expiration date. They're going to come knocking on your door. I guess who's column I got here. You'll never guess. I'll give you a 4000 guesses. Oh, what's his name from capital of Doug Tarnson. Excellent guess. The rant. The White House is bitter debate over admitting him mistake. See, now I got to catch up on last time because I got a few not enough. Not like just enough. Just enough to kill some. I mean, do pass along some fantastic information. Don't forget, by the way, look for that QM van right now. At the head station at 107. 47.41, the route stopped by the drop off new one wrapped toys and big goes holiday toy drive or ox solid to benefit my mutual friends hospital. That's 107th Ave in 44. The route will be there until 2 in the PM. Doug Thompson says the White House is bitter debate over admitting mistake. Thank you. We got people at QM with their mistakes in an interview. They debate that erupted in the oval office after presidential chief of staff suggested President Bush publicly admit that he led the country to war on the basis of false intelligence information. Rocked. Senior White House aides. How do you like that? Rocked the White House. The anger that spilled from political guru Carl Rose lifts was a quarter of those President of the meeting the most vocal disagreement anyone had ever seen from the trusted advisor from the President. Discussions with those prudently many meetings under turning the President's strategy show most senior raise lining up against Roe, who is a robbing maniac. This is a stupid effing idea Roe said his voice shaking. This isn't a stupid effing idea. This president doesn't admit mistake. So he does not acknowledge error. But card voted by the President's running notes to try new approach and speeches on a rack policy admitting some mistakes while following to complete the mission in Iraq. Push for the big one. A public presidential admission that the intelligence information used to sell the word of Congress and the American peoples was wrong and it claims that Iraq possessed weapons and mass destruction. That's quite a revelation, isn't it? Post an immediate threat to the U.S. or that provisess that would link between mortal不對, you and do your work. The intelligence was flawed, Tard said, everybody in the nation knows that it's time we admit of the truth. Roll wasn't convinced. The White House could he claim continued to claim that it had more access to intelligence than the public, and could claim that information supported the early reports. And that won't fly, Tard said. The truth is out on this. As long as we continue to deny the truth of President's credibility's mistake, Bush wavered but came down on Tard's side when Kieran Hughes, the presidential compliment that Bush trust even more than Roll's side of a deceitful staff. Bush has speech-delivered yesterday once or more than a dozen drafts before settling on the language the president would use. It is true that much of the intelligence turned out to be wrong, Bush said in the final draft, as President, I'm responsible for the decision to go into Iraq, but in typical Bush style, the president remained committed to the war. Sodom was a threat, and the American people in the world is better off because he no longer in power he'd be saying. The debate over it meant in the use of false intelligence marked the second straight to feet for roe of an attorney in the president's course that he's tried to resell his evacuated way's skeptical American public. He argued against the current strategy used by Bush for a mid-Sumson, despite saying, said that, saying, or we'll leave it as an act that way. Some might house aides to the president's willingness to ignore the advice that his most trusted aid signals Bush's wearing is with roe's scorched earth political strategies. A president realizes that listening to Carl Gotterman defeats in the first place, and that he's in now said one senior geopolitical consultant, who like all who come in on Bush for publication, insisted on anonymity for a favor of angering their president. He's listening to others now and taking the advice that's why you're seeing a new course. There's this of which there just might be another indictment coming down in that whole plain game, you know what? It's right. When I would be a good bit for Book of Brian, now we've got that name game, right? It's cute, right? The plain game. I like it. 27 past one as we inch closer and closer toward a magical moment of two. This is the new Roger's. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. These are the power of putting it back to you to take the votes away from those Christ kill the Jews. It's the 8 squad. Yes, the 8 squad is coming to your house for this Christmas. Two, a handful of public in action figures that teach you how to participate in good Christmas or publishes partisan rhetoric. It's a great feeling too. He didn't realize the Romans, but they weren't Jewish. Our panelists wish them some good likes on which we're born. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one is the last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last. The last one. The last. But this one. The last one. The last one. The last. The last one. The last one. The last of the. That. And I don't know. what to know these things and it was not that I'm knows you could help with the know the word was around or speak of that's probably got about the tickles or that bit whatever it is uh... they left a real key chart you better reduce them about you better straighten that out now who's if it's a approaching him to hire him j wrote each he's got offers all the other station to do some work please will have to be great welcome to bark light today welcome to mark light stadium i hear are your or my and they are okay when he's eighty seven host of he's sitting up there in a booth with the microse and thall would rosy and they have a big rosy how the king this year first decision came is the bushman astray has been tightening you as trade travel sanctions on havana over the past year and it is clear bit to the night resources government there in prepare the way for political changes once Cuban fiddle castro is low logger and power and there is once he is a lot it's unknown how much money the human baseball team might have earned by playing in the classic tourman profits will be largely determined by how much it's organizers to get for broadcast rights all that's get those games out come on clear it's less are working on it congressional members across the political spectrum waiting in the issue new architect representative Jose sarano who enjoys friendly relations with the castro government had heard that the cubans be allowed to play they want to play let's keep politics out of this he said this statement that my amy republican representative Lincoln deez ballart rams with bad egg for it called the west decision appropriate and correct impetus the urge majorly based border law human effect is already playing in professional teams to form a two batim for the event the factors not like real humans no more in lettery sent the baseball commissioner but still the last week he like in inviting cubist team to asking a part-time air south Africa to join the tournament what is your are like a talk about a but silly panbers you know it just it's just ridiculous so if you want to go to kill but just fly up here and that he fly right out no problem 80s it in flights even every day by the way it's getting really murky and cloudy i just look on the radar and big snow storm is just almost here probably right right into a clock when i want to go out and get some less than a crack but i'm talking about food i'm talking about stuff travel crap you know right i mean you're used to attacking the furrows long distance trips yeah or just pack and hundred sixty three most of our pool how do you rate yourself as a human being you know we also want to do one how do you think other people rate you back i guess would be the same right or not uh to close yeah but you see what i'm where i'm going with that no i know right off the deep ends how do you rate yourself as human being a hundred sixty three most be pretty good eighty three that seems to be the general and that's wrong with that that's me that's your agenda be said uh g which is one step below f see average 31 d i have many flaws twenty six where we're sure proud of you but the butcher a the best 13 how do you like that 13 pep people out there better than we are man we better start working on it f i'm a piece of shit twelve ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha that must be the cars and e i'm not a not a good person none so no the it's either you're pretty good you're okay or you're not not a good person see i'm saying he is got the none don't you find it little or b'sr it is bizarre it's strange like like i said like most of our cars it's strange although there aren't any on there right now what happened to line 10 we don't have the line 10 right did i just notice that for the first time line 10 11 if that's the first time you noticed it then yeah but i got a button for line 10 it doesn't do anything and i got a button for line 11 that also doesn't do anything but it's hard it's okay i'm pushing it w du q a m hello yeah okay what is it why speak up i want to talk with you bro yeah about some red wing tickets for the night man come on right three you have plenty of able to box or if it's okay they'll give me a link for about thirty cents about thirty man have no fear how about some red what what a cheap bastard huh that's just you know that line 10 thing though there used to be a black thing there i think when you rebooted it to little black square disappeared that that's right looks so different okay these do you see that on your are unit it looks the same as it always has what there's no square there no where you do you do have a square is it a Hollywood square no it's uh... frisket no sir says it a blank your grace pot or is it like a rectangular box there where a dot would be but they know not to see how got that no more wow and that's why we're so different you're like making fun of all man's losing the heart of the different well it's different here man it looks really bizarre line nine we're so q a m hello and back at you that was a required we're responding to your vision attack on him earlier especially the holidays uncalled for retell it unacceptable whatever when he's so brain what that's right he found Jesus on the afront lawn when it is running around his underways with his attire leading white this is me who brought happy how they said this is five and ready to well all right what's that now from Washington the magluckland route featuring lnorcliffe jack jam on and sitting in for pattoon and new your giant teaky barber now here's john magluckland this you on john w rings of vault hello clips well john i have to say wrong jack jam on when i can't afford to be sure wrong teaky barber i'm gonna have to say to bought wrong accolansor for exercise that was a new one to do it next issue elbow favorite Broadway show bringing the noise bringing the fun clock tax elbow i think is well done well john i have to say long jacky jacky big come on why so very difficult choice wrong teaky barber i'm gonna have to say rent not a choice we need teaky barber you gave an interest and it wasn't a choice wrong correctly spawns cacks teaky lobsum next issue the cast of big brother should be murdered how alone you're with you wrong jacky barber finally wrong teaky barber i don't think there should be kids actual answer toys including bye bye bye bye 146 a qm there's another old another one of those chestnuts that David has leaves to talk about i bet you'll ask you to remember David has leave for my end zee well but uh and also mark uh what was his name the nervous guy they mark uh tune keyway chin okay remember Mark Koon because he was at our meeting at the time remember that the meeting in the hotel the tax and crowd wasn't all to say well they're that nice oh that meeting yeah yeah don't remember him though i remember uh the name but oh he's scrawny kind of rain nervous uh like what am i doing here during the rail and i got a kidney his money here are you ripping me on here kind of like to the boy i mean i wonder if Tim went and he was still in the business although i don't think he ever really was probably his mommy don't only ready to say he's anymore so Tim and he was in the meeting he got also very upset when i went to iod and told what a jacky i see was on here i've got kids man and everybody listens to need a rod or is near well i think your kids probably all right you know you're a jerk all the beast will like this story okay anyone visiting beluxi in the days after hurricane Katrina might reasonably have concluded it would be a long while before slot machines were again reading their assistant trying to destroy the story nine of ten floating casinos in beluxi in the ten suburbs of the damage yet so well finances the gambling industry and so profitable of facilities that line the beaches there and one casino was said to open a source of the public December 22 that's a week from today maybe we can send your ass there and get you a good machine mind let's go another is to reopen the day after Christmas a third of palace casino will have spent twenty three million four months to be opened by new year's eve said the general mangrove kif crossby i wonder if he's kind of being a cross-bane or maybe being or maybe send a crossby said the kid all ten beluxi casinos in total city will rebuild in most plan larger more elaborate facilities one harer's entertainmenting the world's largest gambling company has told city officials that it finds for investors a much as a big in dollars in a new resort casino a figure signs of enough to kid people's attention even in Vegas and growing listed investors looking take advantage of a new state law allowing the first ever land base casinos is seeking an audience with city officials or state regulators in Jackson never did we believe that jews like me and the beast would be in Mississippi but uh... this is a shot for those sure be opened long before these south four to ones at pompano park and uh... at uh... danyah high-light and a high wood gray-hunt and a right at least two in anyone for maybe jewy i'm gonna have to come down and see if uh... the final real estate may really good machine i can't wait can wait for what slots bad news for you man you better be a very used by that by strategy and to smell in the right now don't go to an act on your god side every day don't become like a hooked with me i enjoy and i have a good time lately i've been winning a little bit of a stiffer last night than lose too much but if i never went again i wonder be okay but you of course you're addicted to gambling because you were could you a ms your gambling you know you don't put on ball now that's for the place when we can do that station in george it was a sports bar with my carol i think it's a sports book with a microphone you know it was it was worse back in the day yeah honey bee he was well was plundered and more is his name jason jason blouse ball jason blouse there are the a lot of the shard shank redemption i have a lot of he's a lot of new massachusetts he's a new mass yeah well be damn he's in way newton selling in charge and way newton's gonna be at the falls of your casino and agro falls any interest you told the hump or about that he probably is it right out of there i've seen way in love you have seen way newton line last day as he shake when he shook my hand and let me ask the one question yeah why just to say that i did oh need a bunch of nine year olds for better or worse casinos of the source of the rarest commodity longer golf course better by Katrina optimism legalized gaming said blussey's mere agey how are we going to be what saves us by contrast in action uncertainty dominated to storyline in new Orleans which remains largely in spaces as business is wonder sorry that was that way newton uh i don't know when it all it's been such an interesting day you know you're giving me like we're newton daddy don't you run so fast i know i daddy was brought in fact yeah you want to get away from Wayne you want to be seen next to them new Orleans remains largely in spaces as businesses wonder if their customer is returning and way the wisdom of rebuilding it's not a question whether the business community will take a huge hit but how bad than it will be said jail up here a local businessman with chairman of the business council of new Orleans speaks on behalf of more than fifty years largest corporations casinos of course it says here can make unpleasant neighbors velocity residents complain about the traffic in the noise the gambling palaces tower over a once-point beach community of modest homes is a exotic outside creatures crawled up from the beach and took root one casino will tell this town of fifty five thousand stands as the tallest building in Mississippi another rains is the states most expensive still these garrish biggest refugees are proving resourceful resilient neighbors by serving as economic lifeline in town at once lost a fifth of its housing stock in well over ten thousand jobs else nothing nobody really talked too much about during this uh... legislative uh... bashing of the uh... will of the voters at least attempted to be said is the jobs are going to be created thousand new jobs man not really as much revenue as they couldn't have the legislature when the deep system put the fifty percent tax on see it's not important that you guys to see but uh... that we make sure we try to get put you out of business even over partners with you in fact one of them right next to it well i'll be done if i want to see those parametrials uh... uh... you know forishing again well what does that mean there's a for the state is supposed to be in partnership with the share of the revenue well i'll be done to make money to uh... gambling by the way where's my stick in lot of tickets is new russian that's a different with that is five sixty two eight this is she gorton lily and they don't come any worse than new rager i it Oh, there's no way, oh please. So I'm in charge of everything If you're smart, I can't begin Left a cloud so stinky and green And we're out on that liberty field Hey, I'm out of my mind Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Maybe to the bridge to come up with us to put it frankly in my bum. Oh, rhymes with mum, though, as in the queen Yeah, yeah, as in the queen mom is bum, like you sometimes No, roll-aids man, you got new one for like the multipurpose for gas and in the gestium, we'll go and create stuff The blueberry ones, you give us two of my candy, I like the urge Oh, we got heavy snow already, man. We got like some furry start right now. Some Theo Furries coming out. Gonna have like a they say a float. I don't believe it. I just went on the radar. It's uh, I don't know. But at least I got a little window of opportunity there to go up and get my last minute. I get the feeling I'm leaving tomorrow. I'm why I am. But I mean like there's no show tomorrow. But there is in there. Yeah, you betcha. But why? How do you write this today? Now let me ask you did I, you know, of course you're going to say whatever I want to hear. But I mean did I do the right thing today? I just felt I'd do spirit of Christ compelled me new. Of course. I'm very interesting soap opera. You know, that's what the show is. Well, of course not only that, but radio business in general is a soap opera. Right. Everyone now used to be a lot of fun. Now it's just fast-advised. It's pathetic. How do you rate yourself as a human being? 234 votes. Be pretty good. 122. See average 39. I'm asking Beast there. And the break did you go in as small? How he votes on this? No, I didn't ask. Oh come on. That's up to be like a little bonding or something. See average 39 and D. I have many flaws 33. That was the beast vote. And believe me if you saw him. You and I. Now we're not just talking about physically. We're just talking about as a human being. Right. Which certainly includes more than just your grotesque fat. A the best 23. Why sure? Which I knew those people don't you? What people? The best. The A people? Yeah. Tell me about your A. Yeah. Holds. F. I'm a piece of Schmetts because of that 20 and E. Not a good person. None. See this A. There's like a big gap there. A real big fat gap speaking of the beast. Anyway, the mole monster coming up next I can't wait. Bye bye.