Waba! Waba! Alright. Black Dump. Time is true with me, me. Look at what she's losing. She divorced her top gun. Now time can go, I cruise in. Ooh, Tommy! Tommy! Mimi! Mimi! Once you got the idols! Black Dump! What's this great of being? Black Dump! These guys look so talent! Don't watch the great bikini! Ooh, cocktail! Reveal! Tommy! Tommy! Tommy! Tommy! Mimi! Tommy! You're too mean! Too mean! Tommy! Tommy! Tommy! Tommy! Too fair! It's a 10-01. When is the issue? Happy Tuesday? Three words, cold stone cream. Would you get in the right of down? No. I purged it from my head. Avoiding at all costs. Because you think any of the things I've talked about before as far as being addictive ice cream, all of these things. This is phenomenal. So you never had it before. I don't need to go there. What about Josh? I have been there. Oh man, that is the best in the world. You don't agree? It's okay. It's okay. You don't like it? I thought they were. I got a, what did I get there? I was there actually not too long ago. I got some, some rocky road. And I made the mistake of telling the put like, they're like, oh, you want more marshmallows? I'm like, yeah sure. I shouldn't do that. They're like 800 marshmallows. No, they don't have to do it. I didn't go there, but a friend of mine was trying to kill me. Went there and brought home a whole bunch of ice cream and a man. Oh man, we had to throw, had to run out of the water and throw most of it out. No, because I would've eaten all of it. They, they, they put on a show for it. It's like a Benny Haha, you know, where they like put on the, the food is one thing, but they put on a show. The only difference being that Benny, oh, we like Benny Haha and a lot to it only. And it's okay. Food there is okay. Small portions though. But anyway, cold stone creamer, which I guess they're all over town now. And the bad news for me is that there's one right there. By the wind, it's a nice place. And they put on a show. They have a big trough and they take out the basic ice cream and then they like whatever flavor you order. They smoosh up like Oreo cookies or marshmallow. But whatever goes in your flavor and it is just unbelievable. Disgusting. It's so good. Good. Golly Miss Monty. Never again. Oh, not to October. And the reason I'm on my extra good behavior is because, you know, I went to see a physician last week. And we're a physician was his daughter. My good buddy, a physician. And, you know, my heart's great. My EKG said, here I'm going to give you a picture of it. Take it home and frame it. Your heart is perfect. It's sensational. All these things. Then I took my blood test and my cholesterol's high. It's bad. Okay. I knew it was me. I was a great one. I was a great one. I knew it was me. I was a great one. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. I knew it was me. Seeing it was me. But, if you walked on something, one picture will come iniplies and take there. A washroom is coming out here, and doable here you are. kissing is like... The eyes of the gentleman. What's your favorite exercise for people, And so I'm much on that stuff all day and it's great. And I've lost five pounds in a week and no more crap until October now. What did I say August before? I don't live there. And Josh was laughing. Huh? Huh? Like that? I didn't buy the cold stone creamery. That was brought into the house, okay? Right. And so, and I don't regret eating it because I will have it again in October, which is something to look forward to. Whenever I come back, you'll probably have a sooner than I. No, I will not. How am I going to do that? How can I do that? I'm not there. But none up there? No cold stones? No, thank God. No. I just, well, no, the ice cream here that's really good as all in the packages. I'm not buying that. So you don't have to worry about that. You're safe. Don't have to worry about that stuff. So that's just a little health report. Got a health report in some of our, oh, here's this just came in, by the way. You're going to be very interested in this. A Russian formerly held a Guantanamo Bay prison said today that US guards there regularly disagree to the Korean by putting it in the toilet. Huh? More lies. In Cuba, they used to throw the Korean in the toilet bowl. This happened regularly. It was intended to provoke us. And then, when we were in the area, Vakki-tah said a news conference. He's one of seven Russians who released from Gitmo in 2004 returned to Russia. He and six others were held in Russia for three months to release a year ago. Vakki-tah said he, I thought he played for the Canadians. Said he previously been held by US forces at Kanda Har and Afghanistan. Where many of the attendees were being held. We're sent to Gitmo that he also saw the Korean Disequation there in Kanda Har. He said they tore up copies of the Korean. Even put it in a bucket of feces. He said, wow. Vakki-tah also said the attendees were abused through sleep deprivation. We made this be an aspectral investigative room where we'd be handcuffed to the floor that'd be prevented from falling asleep by the plague of loud music shining bright lights and so on. There was one program in which we'd be moved from unsold over another every 15 minutes continually over a period of three or four months. He also claimed that forces used unspecified gas and once allowed dogs to attack prisoners. How do you like that? Huh. Hmm. See these are bad people. Yeah. They were not able to see. They bucket of feces. They were just you. They're like that. Huh. More lies from your government. Not that they were lied here. Unless. So here's the big news that you're all excited about. Well, let me do the other ones first about the death reports real quick. Okay. U.S. Apache attack helicopter crashed north of Baghdad yesterday, killing both pilots after what in the city saw the aircraft hit by a rocket that destroyed it completely in the year. So there's two more dead Americans. There's were approaching the 18-hundred mark pretty rapidly now. And a prominent CI trial leader who is a member of Iraq's national assemblies been killed in the suicide bomb attack in northern Baghdad. Shek Darryal Al-Fayada, Faiai, whatever his name is. Three of his bodyguards. What's the guy in the Duda? Duda? Prince Dye's father-in-law to be Duda. Duda is a dice. She used to write a call. Anyway, shekka, whatever his name is, three of his bodyguards in some were killed this morning when a suicide car bomber slendered into his convoy. And the neighborhood of Russia. Police said, he's the second member of Iraq's parliament. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the second member of the city. He was the first member of the city. He was the first member. Helgem with his help.혀 There's a secret recording from one tonnable big Cuba. All right, Muhammad, it's time for you to talk. I'm not gonna talk. Oh, we're gonna make you talk. You're gonna sing like a bird. You can't make me talk. Oh, we're gonna make you talk. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. We're gonna make me talk. Adro, fire it up. No, I'm standing up. No, I'm not looking at you. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's real good. What do you want to know? Tell us everything about the plan. I can't say mine. I'm not gonna talk now. No, don't do that. I'm not gonna talk now. There's nothing you can do. I want a bowl of soup. We're gonna bring out some big gunsball. I want a bowl of soup. You can make me talk. Hit it. No, I want a bowl of soup. I got you. I got you. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Oh, my God. I'm waiting for you. I don't want to end me. Hey, what do you want to know? Start from the beginning. I don't want to tell you the truth. Remember? Oh. Hey, why do you do this to yourself? I changed my mind because I am top. I would like the cracker. You're not gonna get a cracker. I would like a cracker and a bottle of Jenny Cream. You'll get a cracker and a bottle of Jenny Cream if you start talking. I'm not gonna talk because I'm a tough guy. All right. Hit it. Oh, God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. I love you. Oh. All right, ma'am. All right. I'm not wearing me down, but I'm not going to talk. Oh, really? No, I've changed my mind again. I've been quiet as a clam. He's not gonna talk. I'm not gonna talk. Wait a minute. What do you wish it for? Oh, no, no, no, no. It's not dirty. It's not dirty. No, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm dirty. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. You mess with America. You get dirty. I'm not gonna talk to you, buddy. You wear some forces. I'll write. 20 past 10 at 5, 60 WDQM. Here's a facts that says, hey, Neal, I live in Naples and they syndicate to fill Henry's show on the B'sley station here. Are you sure? I've tried to listen on occasion never fails to be. Well, lame. I can't figure out what the attraction is. Who would syndicate him? I try to get in last night while driving. He was doing his lame Tom cruiseman and doing the band in person himself. Amateur at best and I said, how is he syndicated not you? Time for a new ways in the overall. I don't care. not getting a new agent because of what I got is just tragic and you know I don't care anymore I got this nice gig here. What's the problem? Right, if you don't like Joe Henry, don't listen to him. I sure don't and wouldn't he was funny for about I don't know six months long time ago. Here's the appolded aid. I like this poll and we haven't done exactly this one. Now somebody will call and say well you know what a very similar about three and a half years ago Well you know it too bad we were talking before the show today about the winers and complainers Just like the beating curtain I I gave you like two weeks of pants notice on that. I told you that as a June 23rd No more beating curtain no more nudity pictures not because we're too lazy to do it or we don't want to do it But because that we can't do it. I don't think any of us really feels that it's worth going to jail or something like that Or getting into a big jackpot so that we can put some naked pictures on our stupid ass website Okay, it's just a worth of grief. If you want to find naked pictures on the internet you can't find it for you need some serious help But we got that element of the audience out there and we got the whole Los Alphortis syndrome Yeah, and of course after having been there for three and a half days last week I can easily understand why a lot of people are a sour and bitter rain make a lot of sounds If I had to stay there I'd be going like that all the time too. What a place There's one word to describe sounds. What it is well I got a few very fine. Okay, it's a big swamp For a minute I got it. It's crowded pouring and fun to ring and lightning and dark it and a three and the afternoon It looked like about three in a morning. It was a pitch black. It was just nasty and it was that way for like most of the time I was there so you enjoy yourself to sound a shine in here by the way Oh, as Christina would say it's beautiful That would work on me. I guarantee Here's the poll today. What singer or I can't believe the Josh court is they're like cold stone cream We're I just I cannot I just I just had a bad experience. That's all go back and give it another shot. Okay You're gonna throw the calories you didn't have to worry about that now, but I would go back and give it a Tracker's the other time people are man. What a turn you and what are they? No, no, but why do you still can enjoy? I'm not saying go there and keep picking out every day But you will be good. Come a dig to that's too like I said don't go there diabetes They smoosh it all up right in front of you. I can't wait to see what I'll go over there next time see it for myself Man, it is just oh just so rich What singer or group is the most overrated of all time? We asked you what we got so far 286 286 votes Madonna is leading 50 m and m 40 away. It's just flip blocks. You see that? All right, it mitts sentence flip flop. We got a flat footed tie m and m 52 Madonna 42 52 Barbara stri-san 44 Elvis 40 maybe ever crossed eyes with Barbara She can do it by herself Elvis 40 Franks in opera 36 do we do we do? Thursday's that part the do we do be part Bob Dylan 24 talking about winers stones 15 and 13 They're out of gas vehicles 12 and Phil Collins has only seven. I even know we put them on her yet It came up with that and let's hear it for judge mode Judge mode you go mode says hey, you know it's a July first and I think we've people voted on you idiots Here's a judge with a pair of balls last one and July first by the way happens to be on Friday last time I checked Friday that's what the things said people voted this sudden bragged we want to slots We know we know exactly the ones we're voting on the Vegas style slats not these funny Veloni slats we want the real ones we say yes by a pretty big margin and the governor and legislature I think they can keep like sandbag in a public every time they have a vote and a judge says I don't think so So you just go ahead and I do it and I'll if the government don't want to do it. I'll make up the rules I'll make the regulations I go and mode Do that's how you always love mode all the time mode man now again most overrated about time We could have like 10,000 on here all before we do that so I found this disk I was actually looking for something else that I found several this with jingos I mean if you if you're like in the 60s or 70s You lived anywhere like in the midwest not just in Detroit, but in the Midwest you could hear Ckl W would have big 50,000 what signal and it got 80 million jingos on here that Boca Brian sent me Well, I know one that really just knocks me out is the new sound Parti Oh Oh There's always We have a fix in the morning Never Sure Huh, I said play good song after it next time. Oh, come on you know, that's it's great In a very amusing way in a humorous way. I'm like oh, don't don't don't Not as good as Then again what that is right right right I don't tell me where I did another break already I don't want to get behind now because I'm not a practice little bit future and then we got another damn one of these shows on Thursday Jesus this little bit too much here Kind of like the ease back into it like maybe one a week 26 past 10 and 5 60 W to Q and don't forget we got the mole my story I'm not the captain is gonna rip George and ask these got some my guest on think he's got Casey Stegels great grandmother is gonna be on from the other side He sure can get those guests canny People in Middle East must be assured We will investigate We will find out the truth talking for it's not worth can you make this garbage now now I swear to you if they didn't always stop this way We're being what's not real Till we buy it baby they will know the truth just like the American citizens I don't want to be lied to no more I just want to be a patriotic I don't want to fight another fire and war I'll make my grandkids stay for you I don't want to be angry no more You know the reason never stands for the world When they tell us that it's true don't be so sure I don't want to be lied to anymore And my state of the my state of the union our state my speech to nation I'm dying 1032 bosal beyond again tonight to tell us things are going just great Oh, we're fine really other like butcher for little bit and hop on board right and we say no thanks It's exploding flowers and candy that they're thrown at us five six seven five 60 pound five six in the Verizon singular wireless line That what singer or group most overrated about time now that question isn't just name a group or a singer that sucks Yes, it is because well, I see just name somebody Testament one person how many people are you they anosmith See that's a good example Because nobody ever rated him as a senior or a good or bad just a funny guy You know so in other words somebody that really is already rated very very great and you think really not so great 567 I give that number out. I don't think we can look you a lot of call how you call's been this so nice week You know, I do I W to Q I am hello First one right out of the box Here it is He's waiting for the drone there. Oh something happened here. Oh, please don't tell us it's not here The movie the the thing with the phone. What do you mean by that? There's a procedure there I guess we must have had a power out or something. Oh, so in other words And you got a good ritual. It's a little bit too in there test it now Right, no, yeah, try it now. No, it's just making a funny symbol. I never saw that symbol before What is that it's something we must have had a power outage get the seat The When I put you up is it doing it on your end to yeah It's like I can't punch them up either one is doing this week. I'm punching up number six there See what I on your end you punch it up. Hey. See there you go Q. I am hello Hey Steve from fusion here. Yes, Steve. Oh get out of here. Steve you're an idiot. No, no come on pushing up. Go away See this isn't this isn't controlling these these are working now. No, we got to do something What does that mean because the lines are over here and hope that it takes See every time I punch it up it comes up with it like a mushroom thing right here. It looks like a little mushroom We got a reset it. Yeah, you sure that how do you know that because it's happened before it has yeah I never seen this before and interestingly enough remember I had the problem last day a week ago Friday and I couldn't punch up any calls and come to find out again. It was on your end down there. I don't want to say yeah Through this right when we we said are you that you should reset your computers that they talk to each other properly I see Well, I should punch up a one or two You are hello. Hey, what's up? I'm good man. Yes, sir. How you doing greetings pretty go have Tell I have see yeah, I'm listening to you guys online all right. What's up? Yeah, I got what's for your pull bond deal Find you the okay a lot of people I hate him. It like poison you right and Jorge I got a I got a movie to recommend it's called maybe you've seen it's called the battle of out years No, there's old movie of minute in 1967, but it's very Confetical it's going on right now with awards kind of interesting to guys check it out already Damn all right. Thank you guys thanks, Pally see and you're gonna have to like drop them out because I can't do it on this any of it now You sure that it's not a I don't know it's happened before so hopefully it'll you positive about that of course I don't we call ever seeing that true money or look like something from Amsterdam That's the that's the phone thing happens all the time. Well punch up another one just just for practice QM How I for the poll yes, sir Oh Great actually why he wanted to keep it in that sports thing, you know QM hello punch somebody up please punch him in a mouth. QM Okay, thanks You fair like that. I know that Okay, punch your out please. That's I keep it. I'm not realizing something Do you think if I rebooted it now that will work you got to do it on your I think we have to do both I Very disconserting anyway here some I was almost good news, but then again Wow, but it would put above in separate opinions yesterday These Supreme Court signal at the permissibility of governments sponsored displays of the 10 commandments that depends on the circumstances If the exhibit appears have been erected with religious purpose if it's a religious erection it violates the bill of rights establishment clause prohibition on governments Bonsyship a religion to five justice and send the case from Kentucky, but in another case another majority of justice Is a lot of display and texture saying that a religious display that is also his historical and impact is permissible whatever the purpose of those who erected it and of course if I should do it with religion How can it really be historical? Rehobby is quite hysterical. Yeah, with these and for other opinions the court concluded its current term Chief Justice rank was being treated for thyroid cancer and looks appears to be only moments from death Did not announce his resignation to someone speculated in the United States? So there they said already can't put those up unless we say it is always these exceptions I feel like we had to take the break good thing. I'm wrong. No, you're correct because this poll today requires a lot of building man, of course, you know there's a poll in your mind Terminal and pondress almost one place in jingles How come that case come on up here? Other great songs on this this too another one of those Norris Roy give up cook just one word Such a great song whether I like the other say hi honey, but huh? She's gonna say hi. Is that a drug road ever happened to yours Troy? How was this asked in some of this morning? How's Doris droo doing and they looked at me like he died or he was weirded did she die? I don't know let's find out. I'll look at 21 till 11 at 5. 60 W. We have a little technical The few people eat pickin up right where we left off which is good the audiences use it That we've got them potty trained on it. They say oh they're all screwed up again over there. Yeah, we are New Yeah, man, it was a comic strip then the comic book that a movie and another movie and another and another and stuff That man is coming the Broadway you got away And then that's in two five now Now you can see the mass crusader has never before and a feminine man who Francis around the stage in full costume singing Here's what they're saying about Batman And I think that it may be one of slides on the back part Batman the musical it's some musical for people Who loves comics 43 okay, let's just see if this is working out. Can you read boot show love and I rebooted And now it's doing something even different funky here and more bizarre than was before yeah I think I've done it. I'll wait don't do it yet Josh, what do we need to do a thing yeah, how to do a thing and what is that? I didn't even punch that one off look at line nine now. Uh huh Josh punch it up. Yeah, no, try it It's definitely screwed up. It's a yeah, and you can have it. Should I go tell the end of the year? Yes, I'm good. Are you kidding me? Look at that. I still got that mushroom man Anyway, here's this facts. It said well, here's Alex says cold stone creamy is the best You absolutely correct Alex it's the best in the world and even then you're a lot to win Italy and Germany all of the stuff that I love even the All these flavors I raved about not even close He says every time I go there I go what is called birthday cake remakes? It's vanilla frosting or cake flavor ice cream with sprinkles and chunks of brownies I don't know that Alex was a brownie on it is so freaking good. He says you are It is the best bite to tell us see what happens when you punch up a line Let's just see if this is oh There's like you I am hello hello Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling from New York Can you tell me about Larry King you met him? What was he like? What is that? I'm not him. I want to see your life I mean give me this daughter kayaking No, can I do my Larry King in persuasion? I was to God on our Tate Don't me stress. Did I? Very good when I like that. Don't me stress. Did I? Yeah I grew up a poor Jewish kid from Brooklyn. Yeah, went to high school with Cindy co-facts Yeah, why don't we care about this There's a little bit very similar. I mean Larry King Very similar his son worked at WS Newsman. I was there You know he told me you once met you you will you want to show with Sergeant Matt Lvitch Yeah, and he Larry King how was that? I'm gonna show a couple of times Yeah, well like I talked to Larry about 200 times and he thought that is great radio Yeah He told me that you came out of the closet one night on his show No, I had already come out on my show on KAT Why would I love that was afterward? Did he had me on the show? Well, he that's what he told me and he looked at me and he said do fairy Because I was a little sensitive on his part. Listen, it's been I stopped in the Getaway. Where's Quay? Yeah, and written in this guy. I don't want to hear his life story He went to high school with Cindy co-facts. He why what do I think Larry King? Jesus Like I said maybe the fact that the phone is screwed up Now, what do you you tell me that you've seen this before? I never said Yeah, you might not have to do something over there on your neck Can you actually reach your own big black box my own big black box? I think I like box But it would you talk to the actual phone unit? Not your little remote operating thing, but the big black phone unit itself I don't have one of those here. That's what you're supposed to hear. No, I do not. Okay. I don't think I do well. Let me see you If you want me to start crawling around before I can do that. I'll be fine. Okay Well, wait a minute here in the meantime Oh Hey, get up off the floor. We got some notes you can do Is that good Okay, see I had the big black box my my little my little phone Yeah, is plug around the computer there this bypass is the black box there's no such thing here All right, well, then here's what you need to do yes you get the the mouse the control of your phone screening You right, all right, and you know what you go up to configuration You click on the configuration tab Yeah, it says a desktop director right click on like whatever it should be one is checked Dd on this checked. We're looking oh I want to go Dd to well put the mouse over mode Okay, which one is checked need a one because it's so one of those you can't check But there should be they're dimmed, but one of them should indicate check producer is checked producer is checked Right, tell it well, how do I how am I gonna change it because it's so you can't click you the one of them Right configuration dd whatever is uh whatever is checked dd one or dd two check the other All right, all right That's still comes up the set. Oh, but now tell them is checked. Okay. That's right So now let's see it and I'm punching it up and nothing's happening We'd like have to reset know that you've done that All right, who you please Well, let me do it to just just as I want to feel left out Okay Boy is this place you'd up or what? Huh? God, this is just pathetic anyway this facts here Why you're busy dd it'll around with that and where he's believing buttered pumpkin. I'll be able to have Doing what or rebooting it says the moment got a hell of an ask kicking and why did they leave you off the Suncimals internet sports page full probably Because I don't do a sports or what seemed to me. That's why which local sports radio station you prefer Look at that now. What is this? When did this poll get taken? Must have been well, I wasn't paying any attention. WDQAM 40.8% quick take it 50 did you talk about this? I mentioned it briefly. It was obviously some sort of a setup Deal by that. You know they were really heavy duty on that state. No, what's happening over there? This was the Suncimals and they were hitting it on the air really heavy duty telling everyone We were not If I would have been on we had like a million votes when you'd go to the mass for most part The ticket 59.2% QM40.8% who's your local favorite local radio talk show host? And all it's got everybody Orlando else the Gary had 2.5% Mohan 1% V4 7.5% the hump right 10.3% Patek 1 hat was analog bastard 22.6 for oh, this is his funniest and 84 dollar bill Mad dog 19.4% OJ McDuffie 12.6 Joe rose 13.2% in the booster 9.3. This is all This is a setup deal right they over they just loaded this thing I've seen the only one it'll count will be the one comes out tomorrow the trend the arbitran that comes out tomorrow That's what we care about that's some stupid ass poll that they loaded up on were pushing on the year What sports radio talk show is you prefer in the 7 to 10 a.m. slot Hank 66.8% 33 points and Joe rose 66.8 well that's interesting because it's just the other way around how came it in the numbers And all it's not but whatever it is What sports radio talk show is due for for in the two to four slot? Mohan our David 19.3% the booster 80 points so this is the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life It's so as fine as they came out good, but I just are they kidding or what okay now I have no dots Me they're so I'm resetting my computer, but the phone thing is working what do you mean by that? In other words the phone unit itself is working but I don't have any dots and you don't have any dots So I think when you yeah, so you started all over again. Oh Jesus K Christ Jesus Christ Justice Department adds new cover of sense good the cover up is over at the US justice department after more than three years of being blocked by large blue drapes Two art echo aluminum statues of semi-nude figures in the buildings right hall can be seen again The spirit of justice in the majesty of justice which loom over the stage in the great hall We're blocked from view by curtains installed by the department in January 2003 when former Attorney General John asked Crafft was in office the curtains were quietly removed on Friday after decision by a trade general Alberto Horma Jose Hamayne's Gonzalez just in department spokesman. We are Kevin Madden said at one end of the stage Is in 1930s era female statue representing the spirit of justice although she wears a toga style garment one breast is exposed Oh my god at the other end of the stage a male statue represents the majesty of justice And he has a cloth draped by his waist when they recovered up officials working for an escrow fate about Christian Said to move to spend about $8,000 for curtains to cover the figures were made for TV aesthetics Which we don't believe that at all. So there you go. They got the adrap style Now they can send them over to dry concepts they can clean up license a nice and new one. That'll be it I'm still on seeing thing going on here What we're doing while we're redo it again because it came back up with no dots this time So we're resetting it yet again. Well, how could that be why did the dots disappear? I don't know. I mean that's on your end mr. Of course it is and I read your configured here And I did the exactly what I was told and it's still screwed up even worse than it was before Now I got after me boot again. I don't know how good what do you think? I'm sure the audience is really engrossed by this and maybe just grossed down fire I know I sure is telling. Fact out weather plays I went to school with Sandy co-fans and the new aerobatic king and what kind of a oh brother? What are you into? I found it was simulated if I was in New York City. I probably have some better do and be called up some stupid as Talks you're in Miami All in about Larry King maybe he's got like a lyric team blow up dog. I think they have all kinds up there wouldn't surprise me Yeah, they do so I don't Is this gonna happen like spontaneously or like you've got your dots back or what? I don't want to get too aggravated about this for pretty and got our dots that can you should too? I do too. I got my dots. Now. Let's just see oh There is oh Have a nice one Okay, yes sir This is it it's your responsible. Thank you so much. Hey there you go every dog has a day Hey, you just mentioned the good one for your pose on Ashcraft about the equal source. Yeah, he he could really sing Vemny not I'm two three weeks ago. I dropped off bumper sickness to a big guy with spike hair in a beard Yeah, I'm speaking Carlos Was that Carlos? Freaking eight when you see Carlos just give us a message for me. You're fairie I dropped off some bumper stickers that they wouldn't play in line nobody died since they got there Did you get them George? Don't know what do you mean you don't know I'd ever got me we didn't get Probably Carlos slept him on somebody's echo. We're in a pride parade Don't bring any more back. Thank you. Yeah, don't bring any more back you soon You know what I like I don't know why you're so sorry I thought it's a great bumper sticker. What's wrong with at George? You don't use them and need to do I All right, what does that mean you don't use bumper stickers? Well, how many did you bring? About eight or ten. Oh, I see. I thought maybe you brought like a thousand or something No, no, no, they're just horrible stickers I brought I went clicking wide nobody died. I don't know I like it a lot. I can remember in by 10 15,000 we distribute them all over town Absolutely then sometime later this week I'll get them by by there again. Okay, and uh, can I make sure Around a day when I'm on here not George because he's sour about this okay tonight's go a world longer is on CB It's gonna be like Kevin Bacon at the end of animal house Oh, okay, thanks a lot, pal. Like the fallwards Now, did we have engineering get through fingers involved in this or were I was good that we had I like the fact we did this on the air The guarantee one place they never did that Oh, that's not it That's what I meant they never did that and it probably just is well for at least we're in the same format now that that pull really I should let it bother me, but it just goes to show you that you clowns over there at the Suncennals Just like we did that pull what was the pull it always about what's it rich walls and we never did get to what about Raxi Foxy never got that one so they put what on there that and it's not interesting that the Ticket is in bed with the the Harold and since then, it'll should be well aware of that and we actually occasionally say something nice about the Suncennal on this show Not no mole not after they put a 40 pull and they'll get a load it up by those now how come I don't understand How come our people didn't like respond, you know? Well nobody kind of like roll over all the we do have Speaking of Carlos and people do like to roll over we didn't have anybody on the arrow over here telling anyone to why not Apparently the message in the station was to ignore it Well, why is that oh my god? We need a wartime console area clearance, you know Whatever we need to not nothing What's is that we got in there? We got two powder puffs running around in that place This one doesn't roll over or something like that like a max truck probably Okay, we will just ignore it. Well, you know what you see it's a psychological thing the people look at that thing A newspaper thing look at that everybody's doing the other station on these guys are history man They're ancient they're old which that part of it of course is true This is the Neil Roger show The disayuary cool of something for us. What do you think of monopole? You know she is a wonderful level headed young woman with experience and I have a lot of respect for her judgment Okay Atlanta hello Hi, Hillary my question for you is is it true you used to wake up at five a.m. every day and have sex with Bill Just to make sure you were the first lady. Yes, I did Tango's larda hello, Hillary. I know you're over the age of 40 So I wanted to know do get your prostate checked off and that's salute me. You do. I do. Oh good man So when is your next scheduled prostate exam next year say Joseph Missouri hello Hillary I was wondering how many other women has it has been been what since he's been married I can't even begin to tell you about half the country Well how many intends are you still knowing today? You know I think there are two And he's having a great time doing it. We'll take a break. I'm gonna be back with sugary content You're watching Larry King live don't go away It's 11 or two and five six. We got the full work in that chair time for celebration To show how bogus is full is there was another page that you just thanks me which sports video talk You're hosting prefer than for the 7 p.m. slot Jim managed 44.5% Danla bastard 55.5% Anybody in a right mind who knows that yes serious Danla bastard my ass He's a talk show host like like you're a brain surgeon He is a talk show host like Todd Rick is a sales guy and we get back to that. Oh, I got a good poll for What the mm Thursday. I'm not gonna say it now. All right. I do I got a really good one Anyway, here's what we got so far today. What singer or group is the most overrated of all time for 133 votes m and m 79 Madonna 67 Barbara strike and 65 Elvis 62 Frank Sinatra 46 Bobby Dylan 37 Beatles 20 Rolling Stones 19 steely Dan 17 Come to Rolling Stones again a lot of votes. What's wrong? What is that all about they think they're overrated well or not? Phil Collins 16 Von Joby five and Tom Pettie don't have any except that lady called and she was like wild Pettie blows Or something like that you said here is a one from Michelle who says thought you might be interested in the poll channel Tell us having about the 10 commandments issue the question is should monuments of the 10 commandments be allowed a government building Oh, and I'm government property no and the obviously answer is oh I thought you might be interested in Free being the poll. Well, that's good if they're gonna free the son settled pull on us in the ticket Let's treat the channel 10 poll. Let's just keepers creepers the star feet a bunch of creepers What do you say something to do during the summertime, right? I reckon keepers off the streets. What do you eat now? But it's like a how is the VLT you know it see celebratory story VLT Celebrate the phone work them. Oh, I said how do you like that nice girl boy? WCWA in the program He Thank God they are so much better about the phone working. Thank God that he's back. That's been all how it's been years since we heard That was the real one to one at least Lord the real one nice going any we're glad to see you got help He's proof that Tom Cruise is right about side country. WQA and hello. Tom Cruise and I'm well Line nine last call QA and hello Wait, maybe your station is normally Charlie on Let's see now here is a local 10 dot com slash news Whatever. I think if you go to the channel 10 website Which I can do right now wplog host dot com, huh? Belly Charlie's on the coast. I don't care. Oh, that guy did In other words you responding to it like it's a serious call or we are Charlie's a good guy How do you know who's that who is it? He used to work over it? What do you call it? Kiss I think he used to kiss it. What I heard. Okay. Where's this pole? Where's the channel 10 pole? I'm all over their website like stink on Greg. I can't see it, huh? Uh looking for coupons It's kind of hard to freak the pole when you can't find where it is under a damn website. Hey channel 10 you people need some serious help Well, and then of course click here to download plug and that's the one thing I hate about About fire fox. It's the only thing I dislike what you only have to do it was. I don't want to be I don't have time to mess with that Okay, Michelle will all free put Okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five You realize this is a this was a great time killer the first hour first hour and six minutes I'm gonna pull the plug on something else think about how much time we can get her that that would be a good idea like how about the transmitter Sensational idea of course they don't need me to do that. I'm gonna kill me I am hello. Yeah, yes, sir. I was on send no dot com. I think it was two days ago when I saw that pole and I never thought on him But it was you know, I figured I'm not so good on this one so I voted for that dog of course like any sane human beings and Reveal turn at such a huge lead Yeah, I know he himself was probably just sitting there and I computer voting from always I am time again Thank you. I knew thank you, pal. Okay, see there's one of our end maybe all the people are over there We'll find out tomorrow. I guess I mean anybody that would listen to Dan La Bastard and the O.J. and toast and that does slow leg up on the air Of course that's the sports nerd crowd maybe this this station out of discover just like when we had the while I want to go into it I don't want to go back and they can't undo the past you know if they just keep making mistake After mistake after mistake and we cross if I talk about it I'm a bad guy and if you tell me any information on what's going on in the than they really hate you like poison even more than usual We're just in mind around business keep our noses clean. WQAM hello. Yeah, yes, sir The problem to know is a mess can someone just send a nuke down here And maybe coming maybe there's a new coming what do you think hey, do you hear about cats and Harris by the way? No, what about it? Oh and speaking a cats are in Harris. What did I tell you? Remember when I said bring her on please. Oh, yeah, they started taking polls on the thing who are against Bill Nelson and Bill Nelson Just absolutely Demolishes cats in Harris. Plus if they if she did get the Republican nomination she brings back all those Horrible memories about that fixed 2000 election That's right right that's a mention the citrus canker The citrus tanker. We're say wasted all that money. Did absolutely not I scolure dollars for nothing. I go and fat ass guy thing or yards costing thousands of dollars for us and we got a coupon for it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five the phone is working now We don't have a lot of calls on there because the audience a little bit gunshot They're afraid that they're gonna get like you know cheese off or something or sliced off 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five 60 on me for rising and singular wireless lines So did you find that poll no The guilty P.O.G. Yeah, I'm I typed in the URL exactly as Michelle gave it to us I have a good time to do that survey over here and well it's about Paul. I do all for Christ's sake Oh, it's not the right one. Maybe they changed it. I know nice trying my shop But maybe they changed it on this real fast or maybe that was from yesterday or maybe you just had you know one of those bad mushrooms They seem to be going around there even invading our phone now. WQ a.m. Hello Yeah, fat chance talk about lifeless. You're right and see you encourage that. Oh, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's one of your buddies probably you're a couple of new Close probably given the flavor wave. Oh, how many Q a.m. Hello See there's been a big change in town not either yeah Simultane products with the same old the nonsense which is good at least there's still with us They're not over there with those other guys WQ a.m. Hello Yes, sir. I'm not impressed with stone cold ice cream. Oh, oh, get on it really we have one of you must be stone cold man No, I don't know I wasn't that impressed Then listen do I know my ice cream or what? Diagram my areas of expertise. I am the ice cream man. Yeah Maybe you got the wrong flavor. Maybe you hadn't put too many a marshmallow You know it's just now. I went with the real Oreo cookie. Oh, act that and who likes to want to say it anyway Hey, how come my Q a and hasn't put a gen be and rock see together as a power team There they are We'll have his detony Have you ever got any martesia on here? What does that tell you all right? I'm gonna hit up the stone cold now. See please. I'm telling you it's cold stone cream region it right Not and wouldn't if he great to have them on the year not and maybe Berkeley can cold stone column Wouldn't be good that be something in fact. She's not selling she's cold calling psychiatrists with the time cruise show WQ a.m. Hello How far this went from and believe me if anybody needs a good shrinkage that's ill department WQ a.m. Hello Yes, sir Oh What's up Not to this is good man George is really he is attracted. I always told me George has the intellectual colors and it's obvious You have it there right. I can't now essentially you really you're like a nagging magnet It's amazing. Maybe it's all coming to hover around like hummingbirds What have I called the headlust we rip me because I had nothing substantial to say You know for all my intellectual We got fun and this is an intellectual show and if you don't believe me go to your piston cold This is just killing four hours in the middle of a very terminal boring pondress place They swamped the end of the world those three and a half days I spent their last week with like three and a half years dark and pouring and nasty and thunder I mean I thought Florida was about sunshine and fun What is about massacism man you have to be a maniac to be there somebody Q a.m. Hello Speaking I need a hot com number Be the curtain goes what I thought. I'm just ignore it. Okay. Don't even dignify with a response How many Q a.m. Hello Yes, sir Ken Jenny you idiot you quizzling idiot. I hate you. I hope you get fired You fat ass idiot. Thank. How many Q a.m. Hello Yes, sir. How you don't ready? Okay, hey, I just want that you know it's not my floor To see fun in the sun. I'm in the floor I'm not your honest I'm gonna be a real person I was playing leaving about an hour and a half you can make it Problem at chapter 11. We know it's boring. We know it's fun. We're listening to these people calling it the disc with their reaching out for a lifeline man They're reaching out for anything We like their arms are like electric or a revival or something. You know what I say? Oh yeah in fact A lot of these people need to be revived or maybe it was a bad idea that they were revived. I don't know Not a lot of suggestions for the pool today, which is fine with me because pool building is boring You know and I got a huge a giant pile here is really to expect and we did the work will show prep on morning on twice a week Yeah, you got lots of time for that problem. I sat here 11 and five sixty W. Come don't forget everybody's favorite Don't judge mo mo mo mo mo mo mo mo the man You could do it. They go you're not our mold the judge mo nice going judge a man with huge gigantic balls Good live credit asked the question. Do you know what's on your credit report if not remember this number? 625 0444 it's the fact that 80% of credit reports contain errors that affect your credit score And we all know the problems that come with a bad credit score if you've ever tried to contest an error That appears on your credit report. You know what a pain that can be good live credit is here to correct those errors for you Good lives credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you and there are no setup fees either good life credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus Right the letters of discrepancies in straightened out any inaccuracies So don't let somebody else's mistake cost you a high credit score before you visit the dealer sure for call the realer Do yourself a big favor and call good live credit at 866 625 0444 that's 666 625 0444 on the web is goodlife credit.com the call can save you thousands in a long run good live credit make to call get back on track to living the good life But it comes to sports We are Sports radio fights watch solid All It's You're T報 I Know You're the sheath, not every spot, you're here getting thoughts You're not even three hobgels down She will all be happy, happy, make the rest Pants a little fool around She just can understand How long's my hand again Maybe it's so odd today Better life, never you can help you Keep those gold mines, just keep on sprawthing All right, for every better life Better life Okay, so you may fall apart Michelle and she's straight in me out In fact, there's the pull result right now on channel 10wplog.com I'll hide you like that. I went voted on it. It's depressing Well, there's only a few votes Give us a chance, okay, you are so negative What is it to you? I don't have the hand last week, did he get a vote? I'm gonna go and bowl a grits, what are you talking about? Yeah, I bowl a grits, only two votes I said there are so few votes, oh, 130, 140 two votes by my count Huh? Never the last So far, the should mine him, and here's how you get two of folks You go to the channel 10 website and then there's the picture of the 10 commandments there And they're front on their front page, the main page And you click on the story, decision may allow for a lot of data Well, first you click on the 10 commandments story And then the title story decision may allow for a lot of the other monuments to stand That's where it takes you to and right under there is the pull That's all, this one we'll click, I'll do it And the question, it's thanks Michelle, I'm sorry George Riff you an ask You should mine him into the 10 commandments, be allowed in government buildings And I've got my property, yes 84, no 48 Each case should be decided individually 10, that's only 142 votes So if you want to Jeep for screen-present or a little cheaper find it That's okay too, maybe have more important things to do about it Seriously doubt it, Christen he's called so far 560, 0560, pound five 60 and he verizes in singular wireless lines The one good thing I see about these calls so far They indicate something good is happening in Florida That is that it's the end of June and most people are not there Most people went and doubted they got that a lot And these are the people we have left Come in if you weigh in, hello Yes sir, speaking Oh no, go in I really tomorrow night for a wedding, I'm sad And then it rest on tomorrow Yeah there's a great McDonald's right by the P.S. Dollar Republic Any good rest, Rajen, Rob? No, they're all bad Jesus Christ almighty, every tractor re-a man You'll be just going, you'll be doing the old manjadans Manjadans, you won't be without the gaja Have a great time Just enjoy the food paline, get out of my life This is amazing to me This is like a synopsis of everything from like the last almost 30 years Not 30 man We've up into a ball of you know what WQAM hello Anyhow are you? Okay sir Listen up for a poll Jennifer Lopez, that bitch can't think Yeah, that's an element No way man, see that that's exactly the opposite of it Because nobody said that she's a good singer So I'm right, it would mean that a lot of people just Fawn all over and think that the person is great Nobody says jail can sing Nobody's like a lot of people He has ears I have two quick points and then you guys You open my eyes about religion So I think I hope you can help me Yeah, I think it's all silly But did we pick? I don't know, it's dangerous It's not silly, it was like It was just a bunch of like grim scurry tales That would be one thing People are killing each other every day over My God is better near God I totally agree But didn't we pick of all the religions The ones that these people truly believe Because I've never, you know, all these Christians And at least they say one thing and they do a lot of it But these people at least they follow the silliness As they believe you understand? No they don't No, okay, either I heard a part of the other thing Now the main thing that they practice with They preach you really believe that No no no no no no Let them give them the acre and all these other fakers No no no, that's not what I'm saying Swagger No no no no That's not what they watch Call another crotch No no you didn't understand I don't understand No no no no no no No no no okay the Christians are the ones who started the war Are the ones that don't that they say they believe one thing And they do another But the ones that were fighting They follow what they say, you know It's not about the mothers The men's rights They call them Islam Can we call these people Christians? Christianist and Jewishist They don't hear See what is this one? See overrated who I saw this story Overrated that wrist dying earlier Oh, it's not a strange It's not a lot of stupid stories of Well, don't leave any way Yeah, whatever It's nonsense Now look at that We already got 80 for the 69 now It's almost even Steven it's 51 percent And the 12 say each case should be a saying It's a matter of moments See the power That no listen to me I like to know who it was in that radio station It made that decision We should just ignore that pull in there It's all psychological Man, it's bad PR Bad PR To have a pull in a major newspaper We only got two stinkin newspapers And believe me they both do stink in that whole area But anybody reads And there's a pull in there And it makes it appear like Oh everybody in a sports crowd They're all going over to the ticket They're going to 79 because they got these great personality They got the OJB And they got the bastard So somebody in a building just whipped up When it went fine That's not the way to do it Ignoring them isn't going to make them go away You got to take you to grab the bull by the horn You know what I'm saying? Grab it You're kidding It's you quizzing me You're fair Parents and deaf men The balls of our fruit fly The balls of our hummingbird Watch singer or group the most overrated of all time We're asking I can't let us suggestions for this We can have 50,000 on here And we're going to get you to the next one That's it 50,000 on here And we don't It's just as well 50,000,000 on here We're going to have a real call Pretty soon We think about 130 How many QAN? Hello Hi How many QAN? OK QAN? Hello Niel Yes sir How are you doing? OK It's just amazing How many videos Go into your show Go to turn man You know We love it The reason I was calling is that You need to call a man We're in deep cramp The 7Dode is amazing The reason I was calling is that You always speak about firefuck It didn't really get I tried that I just wanted to know what have you Or George ever tried opera No I hate the opera Heard about it Look what I can do I can't figure it out It is It's really good Just try it And tell me what you think I'm going to try this afternoon I'll give it a shot Alright OK Thanks a lot, Fowley Never imagined that scene in Gunfather 3 Where Connie said Remember he brings in the body guards Vincent He brings in those two twins And she says, are they as good as they look? Yeah If I could tell you the number of times I've seen like I know the sounds Offly gay But I see like a young couple In like a shopping mall Or walking around And I want to say to the girl I want to say, is he as good as he looks? You know what I'm saying? Of course Of course we'll be very annoying To both of them I wouldn't do anything It's just to talk to us across my mind Is that really as good as it looks Follow what I'm saying? Yeah, I get you Hey And of course if she don't want to tell me Maybe I can find out But I doubt it Going yeah Answering a story of the same She's where Marriages From Jersey to Jersey Now the flying girl In the face Get the pretty one Let's sing And I've been Rachel from Francis, not a fan And to the angel he is a fool If the man is very, very strong And all you have left is Sam So long till that wedding fan When you've given up for one night Yes of course Oh right The sexiest woman in the world In the creation I love that we've got Of the bullets to face She's a town, she's a town There are lots of men You've lost our dear one Who's been here in my shoes Carpenters, top of the world Remember that song? Sure Hey you know that facts That I said you about the overweight stuff Yes Apparently things that you need it again No mark and again I didn't need it even the first time Because I saw the story I read it, I've been there done I had it from the gardening which I read Religously And I shmicked it So Mark, no thanks Anyway that song I was starting to say the Carpenters reminds me of Simply a couple of surfer All right In the wind shot We are singing We sing What singer or group is the most overrated of all time? We don't have a large list there I'll tell you another one I need to be on a rod steward Okay The scary thing is that there are actually Our people who think that he can sing Including himself The fact that he thinks that he's sexy That alone is scary But the fact that he thinks he can sing Now the good news is We've already turned the pole We've already just begun Speaking of the Carpenters Turn that big around 98 to 87 And 15 say each piece Should be to set it in the visually Which is okay You got what? What is that? You just went to it again See how we're pulling away in the stretch Nice going boys 560 560 Pound 560 And the Verizon singular Wireless lines George and we on tomorrow I'll be back for a Thursday George and we'll be on Friday And that's the way it goes And then we from Thursday We got a ball game at 1230 So I'm going to have to go And it's training to be able to work That extra 2.5 hours WM Hello QAM That ground is my favorite Cronett Yeah Hahaha Hahaha Hello Remember what I told you about these people I think I think they meet like once a month They ever thought I have a talk show with no host In a dark, in a dark room somewhere in a dark time All of these people meet They're patting police spikes Find, they're patting something Brack them WQAM Hello QAM Yeah Hi Neil This is David I got a name for your ball I think I David. I have Paul Ike. Paul Ike who I think is okay. He had never sold a freight train. Okay, thanks, Paul. Ike was had a canke. I just made that up. But it sounds good. Now let's see, he's from Wuzzy 11. He's an 80 in eight. Paul. He's a 80 in Blobitties by way of somewhere in the Middle East. I don't know. I thought that was Casey Casey. No. So let's say a him too. Let's see, head Diana. Bad. I overrated. That was a good choice. That's exactly what we're talking about. Highly overrated. I think he's okay. Also he wrote what great song did he write? My way for French and I three wrote. Okay. Did you know that? No. See, you learned something that's not even noon. noon. noon. noon. Yeah. And you're already learning crap on this show. So he said this wasn't in like to show Paul. Ike wrote my way and then headed over to French and I'll just see if you can sing it. Okay. Three-man. He also write how they're not baby. Well, I mean he sang that. I'm talking about something he wrote for somebody else. Well, he did that. Haven't you or somebody's baby? Maybe with Tom Cruisans baby. I don't think so. Hey, Tom. Guess what? Who's fairie? WQAM. Hello. Who's? WQAM. That was so weak. QAM. Hello. I don't think it was even really him. Was it? Yeah. Was it? Yeah. Was it fake Gilbert? QAM. I'm telling you that now look go look in the mirror. Whoever that caller was looking in the mirror and say to yourself, I have no right. Because when you've got to be a fake Gilbert, I mean that's really you know, Gilbert want to be. Oh my. High class. Does that tell you how where he stands on the food chains at the bar high? WQAM. Hello. Hey, you're brain news on the phone. Wayne Newton and there actually are people like my friend, the Humper. Remember what happened? We were talking about the boat. Wayne Newton concert in Vegas. Remember that? And how great it was. And what a great show he puts up. All my goodness. So let's get Wayne Newton on there. Hank is home sick today. Maybe he'll hold on that. How's that pull coming at WPLG.com? Don't forget click on the story where it says about the religion and the monuments and these soup creams. I love his supreme. Okay. How come that thing isn't coming up on my why do I have to keep typing that in? I don't know you are. I wasn't coming up on my stuff. But up at different windows. No, I don't want to open it. I don't want to open it. It's like 85 degrees outside. I don't want to open up a window. Windows is evil man. Bill Gates is the anti-Christ. They promised to take about it. Nured. A nerd with a with billions. Is it under 11? 87 to 11. What is it? 187. No 11. The negatives are in the lead. And pulling away baby for kicking some serious ass spread the word around town sticking in the queue. That's right. Oh and by the way, while I was away, while I was on vacation and I'm down there. Oh my goodness. Remember we had a story about our good friend Preston Hending Baker acted from the Swach Shop few weeks ago. Yeah. If anybody needs to be Baker acted it's your fat ass governor. This business with a Terry Shival and Michael Shival thing. Really he may have time cruise scene saying that you're fat ass governor. You people are there to continue to support him for whatever reason. Maybe like fat ass crazy people, whatever it might be. Wow. Holy moly. Just Baker Act and put him away before he does any more damage. Please. WQA in Hello. QA in Hello. To an arrow. WQA in Hello. David half the hall. Yeah. He can really see him in. He can see him. He can bring it. And he can swing it is what I hear. Oh yeah. Yeah. They love him in jewelry. Not ready for that. Oh boy. Timmy scene or what? Does it QA in Hello? I've just my oxygen content. Oh you know I was I was working on this to show you how much show prep I did for the show. Wasn't working on that. Where is it over there? The oh I said number 15. What was me? Excuse me. I'll place away you lawyer and I'll just come in and wait. I like that. Don't have a good place away. I'd like to. But I'm working on it. He practices again. Here's a facts from Mason and Pablo Beach. He says from June 1 to 18 I was in the Netherlands on business first time. They're wanted to write and share some of my impressions. Oh remember the impressions? Yeah. Curtis may feel what he hears. No. You're right about at least one thing. I've never seen an I've instead of the impressions I'd rather hear. I love it. Anyway I guess we better do the breakers this year. We're very long fast. Oh, Kilsen Good Time. Before you know it will be noon already. I'd like to see that. You're learning from the master man how to Kilsen Good Time without doing a damn thing. When it comes to like a team. You're seeing a lot faster with me. I have high quality and you're a winner final to the next floating game. Oh god Is Oh, I don't want to sell the wood. We can't stop by to that move. Don't buy. Not buy to the bedroom. I bought them all the way away from all the way. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Give me a day. And watch for my possession. You'll be able to ask the sound of them. Oh, boom. There must be another way. Oh, boom. You're fair. You're supposed to go down your Jorge and Niel. How about that? I'm honored. Now, let me just say this here. This is a pretty peepore response. I'm going to tell you right now. I'm really disappointed in this crowd. All hundred of them. You see that? The response on a channel 10 pull about my movements of the 10 commandments in the adiani. Yes, 89, no, 124, which that's fine. We turned it around. But that's only 134. It's 21. Right. 13. I'm 30 vote, which is less than 100 on air since we've put start talking about half an hour ago. And it seems to be slowing down after that initial put. Yeah. After initial, I mean, we're showing what you're all the trouble. There's C. G. PERS creepers. Could we be good creepers? Maybe that's why we worst out on that thing with the ticket, huh? Maybe that's why we didn't do it. We might be embarrassed by the fact that our audience is such a much as slacker. Huh? Well, see, you don't have the beating curtain on there anymore. Nobody's on your website. Maybe that's a part of it too. You know what? Tough and honest. You go to jail for the produce. How do you like that? All these spymeless cowards out there. What are you going to do for me? We're going to give every day. We give you four hours of this crap for free. How do you like that? Doesn't cost you a dime. And the website, we have all those stories that Josh, even was we speak, probably is working feverishly over getting those stories on there. No, right. See, are we done it? He's on a way to Cold Stone Creamery right now to get stoned. What are you doing? Hey, I got news for you. Can you? That stuff. Oh, that was the greatest piece of luck that that was the night before I left. And I got out of there. Oh, man. Because I know I'd have gone back. It's just, it worse than any of the worse than crap cocaine, man. Worst than heroin. Worst than just your regular azúcar. It's just brutal. It's just so stuff. So if you're way by the feel of fucking crap, you need to gain about 50 pounds. Believe me. Start today and by the weekend you'll be like a blimp. Yeah, Michelle went to the trouble of us trying to creep this fool and you people. All you gotta do is go to the channel 10wplog.com. It just takes one click. One click in a vote. That's also two clicks. That's it. Oh, we can't do that. That's pretty obvious. Why? See, these people need to be whipped in the shape. I'm just the guy to do it. I'm a whiffer. You're going to double the ppg.com. You're going to be a click on the second story. There first you got the sharks in the drowning and a biting in all that. And then right underneath there is a story about true demandments of the 10kamamets yaddi adi. And you click on it. It'll take you right to that story there. About four loader deal in the amonement. And right now there is a poll. You just click no and you can keep going back. That's the interesting thing we got about 90 votes on there. And I go to three or four times. You probably did too. So what is that mean? How many people do we actually get off their ass to creep this poll? What? Bird man. He's crazy. Schiffless. There's a story about John Walton there. John Boy. On CNN. On speaking to CNN. They're like a, they're having a big fire sail I guess. They're blowing everybody out. I guess it costs him a lot of money and he's feeding candy. Cali. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. I'll see. Let's get back to our poll. Okay. Let's get back to us and stuff with this. Taka'ry. What singer or a group is the most overrated of all time he asked. We got 567 votes. That's not too bad. M&M107. Madonna 87. Let's see. I did like Porter line. Feetal line. I'd like that. And what else did you do not like? Come from. Lift the tell. The OIS on the hers that I like. Oh. Another net. Crap. Barbara Strasson 77. Elvitt 76. Frags to not for 58. Bob Dylan 48. See he's more popular in South Florida because he's a winer. Rolling Stones 28. Beatles 26. Phil Collins 23. Yeah. He's, I mean he's okay. And he did some good music. But you know, the Genesis of all of this. Right? Right? He's okay. But overrated. And this is the day of 19. Bon Jobe 12. Wayne Newton 4. Paul Anchor 1. Compety 1. Rothster, we don't have any. Oh, please don't tell me that you people like Rothstor. It's music. And I use that term so loosely. And you criticize my taste in music. Oh. Another. I'd rather be strapped. Speaking of that bit. We played strapped to a chair in fourth year. He was. He was. Don't you just know it. For 400 days in a row. The here. Rothstor. Did you have a good one? I'd have a good one. I'd have a good one. I'd have a good one. I'd have a good one. I'd have a good one. But I'd have a good one. That was a good one. Thank you. Thank you. You don't like Rothstor. I do. Not really. I didn't really like. I didn't really like. I'm always the kind of like breathless way. Like you're really Lewis would say. Breakfast. And anticipation of a really screw up. That's the cold stone creamer thing. Well, again, I really overdid it. I didn't realize. They asked. Let me just say this to you. Okay. They know their crap. It's pretty obvious to me from tasting two different flavors, which I don't remember. One was like a a prelean side. It was just disgusting. It was so good. Seriously, it was like. Take sex and multiply times a hundred. That was cold stone creamer. That that's how good that was. I mean, it's just the, yeah, goes off the Richter scale. So just let them. They know what they're doing. They know their crap. Don't try to win. It was the the chick's fault. She like implied like, you know, I should do it. She's like you want some more. You're going to need to do it when you're doing it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. Yeah. So yeah. Okay. You could like put a little sun next to your in there. You are not alone guys. Oh, fairly. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Yes, sir. Take a lot of the feeding curse. Okay. Okay. There he is. It took almost two hours to get him on it. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Can we ask the airpiece? W to Q a M. Hello. Oh, I'm ready. Hey. W to Q a M. Hello. What are you doing? You got to get Michael Bolton on that. Yeah. Yeah. The people of the coast of Michael Bolton could sing and look what happened to them. Thank you. Thank you, Kelly. Michael Bolton. How about glory S. Steffon? Okay. I think she was a very shot. Huh? Especially from that kind of boat. Oh, that's right. It was his fault. He what was the deal on that? That was great. He no matter what you say was still her fault. And a pain in the ass has been too. She always sends me like a Christmas car. I don't know where the house she got my address every year. I get like some kind of a maybe a certain station dress at the station. Oh. God. Oh, I'm sorry. I just go away. No. No. No. No. No. That ice cream place. There was a place in Coconut Grove. Years ago. I think we're calling. See. There's something like that. They used to do that. And I don't know why. But they just never hung around there. Well, listen. Don't count your chickens before they. Because this place may go out of business too. Even as good as it is. Because every time a good ice cream place comes along. This is a pure fast. Yeah. It was great. They did the same folding in the marble. Oh, is nothing like folding a man. That's right. Okay. Thanks. I don't remember where we never encountered that one. Thank God. I'd probably be in a box right now. Talk. Talk. Showing a box. Me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom 5, 60. Oh, that's where you can send over there. He probably doesn't show his face around there anymore. Does he? Oh. Fact boy. Sure. He does. Bring that copy. You have to be kidding me. You got a whole bunch of new copy today. What do you think? I understand that. I'm not talking about that. For you mean for his massive number of account that he has an issue. Correct. I don't get me started. See, how wide did you do that? That was in such a good line. I didn't say about a crap. That piece of turd. Anyway, here's this facts again. But from June 1st, 18th, that was in the Netherlands on business first time. They were modded to write and share some of my impressions. You were right about at least one thing. I've never seen so many beautiful younger people both men and women. Did I actually say that? I said there were a lot of young people and there were a lot of, I don't know. Can't even come close to Toronto. I stayed in Warden, 20 miles south of Amsterdam, where the company's office is out. We did manage this spend some time at Amsterdam. The U.T.T. area in the Hague. My first night we had dinner at the restaurant down the street from my hotel and our way to would give Tom Welling or run for his money. Some other in person. His way to would give Tom Welling or run for his money. You're fair. Dining out is totally different experience. It's not just a place to go eat, but it's a social event. And it goes on about most of the news consists of four to five courses last three hours. This man must have been smoking some heavy duty stuff, man. He must have done a whole box full of magic mushrooms. A crate. I recommend to following places if you have anything there. Here you go. If you're going to Amsterdam, Dorius is in the Crown Plaza Hotel in Amsterdam. And they just got places in the Hague and then you tracked. Well nobody's going there. Not if they're smart. He said the ducks know how to drive. They'd better with all those one and a half lane roads. And they kind of caused the bicyclist. The drivers license test is very tough. I'm told the failure rate is about 50%. I heard it was more like about 30. Public schools requirement of him four years of English French and German. It was funny when I approached you on person say, Spirit, who angles? You speak English? Most would meetly say a little bit just to cover their ass. I also noticed that the Dutch TV station show American programs in Skulking English with Dutch subtitles. Unlike the French and German stations, I got my hotel, the double American shows, and their own language. Okay. Lots of things are expensive. American motor was shouldn't complain against. By the way, thanks Mr. President for those low gas prices. Yeah. 60 bucks a barrel for oil. How do you like that? Just the beginning. I'd rather start pouring olive oil in my tank. I also noticed that the A. He said lots of things are expensive. That's why I saw Grant Total of 7 bucks a gallon he says. I told him that he was a total of 1 SUV my entire time. And my large percentage of the population uses bicycles and trains as the primary motor transportation and don't forget the tram, too. Mason, you were right about things being more civilized over there. And I can see why you stay there during the summer. Mason, guess what? He's just a little in the behind. I don't you think? I haven't had what is it? This is the second year in a row. I have not been the Amsterdam and the summer time. Because the apartment was not civilized. Because it was unscivilized, it was unsanitary. It was uninhabitable. It was unreliefable. It was an unreliefable. It was Grant. Wow. Well that's probably why you can't find any soap over there because most of the Dutch are afraid they're going to drop it. Somebody better tell them about that body wash. Oh, I found some new old man. I don't want to go on about it, you know? Body wash? Yeah. New brand? Yeah, I did. Well, I've found a new brand but it's a new like flavor. I don't know what else you call them. So I've got them flavors. Okay. If we're going to get depressed, just sit back and drink it. Did I just do, do we don't have a spot here right now? Do we? Because I just, uh, Schmidt can't do it. dyly do not. We got time now for this. Yeah. Broote a park. Blue Dye time preferred. You just need one with the paint, Commission's map. I'm great. Ok. Try to stop Cat气. Hey, calm down. Going to cost mea, right? And then over there. And now for the. You don't have to do the list of things. So ifmember, Oh no. Umm, you can't go up now the traffic.dish area. Ok. He's on the free right now.ifik. Ok. I'm dead. Hurry, boys! I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. And I'm alive. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead!. I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! I'm going to go to the bathroom! Oh no.. How do you get this? Good thing thing, sorry, it's not so expensive. Take this! Help yourself to get this off theอนner's closed. It's not so expensive. It is your fault to mush your things. You're now going towards your home. Relax. You do not have to wait on your Ville window. THIS FNice It's now. I'm going to get to it down to a science and we're going to have feverishly all my spurts I'm not a war but the very pitch one of those units right there's not a bad idea anyway that's a just for people like Josh Curtis who don't know a son who was written before 1990 five six before 2000 right just relax okay just enjoy your freelance there relax and it was a lot of pressure guy over the ballpark tonight and go to the day van boring up a little bit just because I haven't seen any movies from the forty you know right I'm not the one for you to look for these that's George though I'm looking desperately for war good movie in the forties movie it's all like a wood sucked out smoking and drinking and walking and talking the child comes movies the original ones in the early forties those even was I can take a how about the third man with Joseph Cotton never saw anyone oh if I just do a Google on Joseph Cotton and you'll find a lot of he was a I just he was a very good actor underrated Joseph Cotton Ben oh as speaking of overrated the American Idol contestant who claims to have had an affair with Judge Paula Abdul was cited on a Mr. Meiner battery charge after getting into a ledge food fight with his record company manager in the hotel Sacramento Police and yesterday Corey Clark hey Corey you're fairie Corey Clark 24 was ordered to appear in Sacramento County Superior Court your life 22th after police were called a Sacramento shirt and Grand Hotel Saturday morning by guests said police spokesman Sergeant Justin Rizley Clark and the record company executive Laura Kathleen Troy when I named him's popping up up first we had a door as Troy in a spring with our sales guy Drow and now we got the record company executive Laura Kathleen Drow and he liked that Troy's popping up all over that's what's granted we're having breakfast in one of the two rooms they rented when they began arguing over an incident from Clark's fighting a constant at really field in West Sacramento it ended up as a food fight throwing dishes the injuries were relatively minor recently said I think it was mutually back in fourth kind of fame police found both Clark and Troy with scratches on their arms and said a Clark for Mr. Meiner battery Troy 34 of LA was uncooperative to not want charges filed wasn't even clear that we're in a dating relationship Rizley said yeah she handles his business affairs they have to be having breakfast together you think they're in a dating room no by the way we're like two hundred nice and votes and at the full-known channel 10 we don't want to tell you how to vote about the monument we don't want you know any suggestions no you vote your conscience so there you go and Corey Clark another stiff wait till your mystery all right I'm gonna go through a lot of my pile here because he holds it just I mean we got to say the seven people out there who couldn't get out of town like you are a train it's just pathetic scientists have created iris on be dogs reanimating the keen eyes after several hours of clinical death and attempts to develop suspended animation for human I'm dying on the here so fast US scientists have succeeded in reviving the dogs after three hours of clinical death paving the way for trials on humans within years Pittsburgh's safer center for resuscitation research I bet you didn't even know there was such a place you know idea it's safer there has developed a technique in which subjects veins are drained or blood and filled with an ice-cold salt solution oh my god it's time to drain it the animals are considered scientifically dead as they stop breathing I have no heartbeat or brain activity but three hours later their blood is replaced and the zombie dogs are brought back to life with an electric shock this is shocking trans statistic he can human should be realized within a year or a quarter to stay for a center it's safer that way yeah in fact let's all just to go through that until bushes out office I got to people in my life however rather than sending people to sleep for years then bringing back the life to benefit for medical advances the boffins would be having to keep people in the state for just a few hours the boffins what does that mean I don't they're like they don't like the doffins I know boffins but even they should be enough to save life such as battlefield casualties and victims of stabbing or gunshot wounds who have suffered huge blood loss during a procedure blood is replaced with a saline solution in a few degrees above zero the dogs body temperature drops to only seven degrees Celsius which is 45 compared with the usual 37 Celsius which is like hundreds of inducing the state of hypothermia before death although the animals are clinically dead their tissues and organs are perfectly preserved damage blood vessels and tissues can then be repaired via surgery the dogs are brought back to life every turning the blood that their bodies giving them 100% oxygen of and applying electrodes are shocked to restart their hearts test show they are perfectly normal with no brain damage the results are stunning and I think in 10 years it says here we should be able to prevent death in a certain segment of those using this technology said one US battlefield doctor how do you like that we're gonna live forever what do you think oh if you're in Florida who'd want to live and who'd run like make it to the end of the week when you come right down to it right or don't thank you what singer or group is the most overrated of all time we asked I thought we'd have a huge list here today but everybody's out of town with that ever heard any music even that of their honorary cold stone creamer or they're voting on the channel 10 pull please say 115 votes that's that's not so bad no it's not well see we got we got to figure out what the beating curtain going after you got a double whammy going on because number one everybody's out of town it's the end of June number two they beat the curtain justice period we could go Thursday so as a result of that our our website is kind of like a ill and little bit huh yeah a chilling but the website is ill and do we won't make all that money now yeah what's for Erica to do he may lose some weight now they can't afford all those extra meals with a big bucks he makes off our website it's a labor of love M&M 13 highly overrated can he sing or what Madonna 94 Elvus 84 or speaking of a speaker of M&M you don't we need to play oh I got an idea okay let me find it just a little just a touch okay so yeah kind of like fit right in anyway M&M is leading one 13 with out of ninety four Elvus 85 Barbara stretch at 80 Frankson after 60 could he sing or why he built him out he did it his way five bill and 51 written by Paul anchor by the way rolling stones 31 Beatles 28 the Beatles Phil Collins 23 steely then 19 bond joby 14 Wayne Newton with his old dockey chain 13 Rod Stewart three Michael Bolton two Paul I could two and Tom petty one on a six hundred and nineteen votes I'm pretty impressed with that totally I ain't too bad you know considering all things unequal when you say it's not that sorry I was talking to a dead mic again so what's unusual about that don't fix that thing in air guys engineering don't go fix it that mice which there would be a little bit too much like work WQAM hello so I was gonna get in a few great calls this hour yes sir William hung yeah he's he's definitely rated very highly yeah he ought to be a claim to William hung what we hear being of his first phrase he's probably not definitely QAM hello yeah play that song you both Margaret what a deal way wow it's out there now I said we put that endless look played till midday what do you say kick the act kick the hell kick the crap out of that other joint that's just it's just and you never get answered my question maybe just trying to like avoid a contract answer but what but who was saying just ignore that thing that pull in a son semel apparently it was an eat it that I didn't know about yeah I was told after I had already mentioned it we're just gonna ignore it yeah three in really make us look good in the public out there clearance that must have been clearance or maybe even no fair rough mice are all the way down to that I don't think the rough mice are as much power anywhere you can make it a season like they maybe the two of them put their heads together I'm no combat I know especially right in the middle of lunch hour what does this what an image that conjures up covenant's past new and if I bought these two the and Thursday shows are sure great oh for me I'm having a wonderful time just just like you say what you're beat just a little taste don't I'm like over indulge it's like a cold stone cream or ice cream maybe uh burpees out cold stoning in my right now cold collium maybe she's just out cold stone if she assails gal or what can she really bring it to the table am i laugh what it does there's good something Jeff, on his way to Braccy. Jeff. Jeff. Fox 17, if you, I'm here's a good one for the pool. Very manual, though, is serving in Boca. Hey, Irving, happy Shibuus. And, oh. Very manual, good choice. Sure. There are people who really think he can sing. Hey, Barry. You're fairie. And we're doing a decent job. Now we're starting to pick it up a little bit on the, a channel 10 pool. Yep. 305. That's almost, uh, what was it? 142. It's almost 200 more votes in just an hour. We're going to start by 1115. That's not bad, right? We'll take a minute of vision out there. The busy crank crawling us and voting our our pole and doing these things. And feverishly looking for some port on the internet. Now that we haven't got to be the curtain and they're coming back. Okay. That's the law. That's repressive. U.S.A. Maybe we should replace that with the free up of the day. That's not a bad idea. Of course, how we're going to find one of those everyday. All of somebody will have to scour-touch. Uh, you know, all over the place. Oh, yeah. Like Josh said, he's at, well, he's busy putting those. It's a very important news story on there. Those bedtime stories. I guess we'll have to wait for someone to call what it. I don't know. I screw up over the weekend because I was up in the night probably. Did I have some day? Yes, I did. I was. Huh? Yes, you did. No complaining. That's all right. I thought to myself, see, I tell George I was going to put him on for some day. I told Josh, he probably forgot that's just as well. Sunday week story day. That's right. We story day. Okay. There's a few people celebrating what happened. I should. I mentioned the 10 agreements be allowed in government buildings and on government property. And channel 10's response so far. 193 no and 120 1 yes. Each case should be decided individually. 21 out of almost so. So we got almost 200 people on there. I was very, very weak poll response before. We'll bunch out these polls to get some real votes on there from our real live ass crowd. Oh, yeah. That's a real live wire is up there. Speaking of wired, the American Psychiatry Association yesterday sharply criticized actor Tom Cruise. If we hear any more about Tom Cruise, I'm going to vomit. Oh, you're not done yet. Hey, Tom. You're fair. Go away. For televised remarks in which he called Psychiatry a pseudo science and disputed the video of anti-deperson drugs. He's an expert now. Right. He's an expert psychiatrist because he learned all of his crap from the Scientologists. Just ask Ron L. L. Ron Hubbubb. He'll answer all your questions for you. It is your respond. Don't we have a bit about Scientology? Yes, we did. And it's called why? Diuretics. Diuretics with L. Ronald Hubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbube! It is called diuretics. His life and endless nightmare of confusion and chaos leading up there he knew nothing in this, where's it just me? P.J. Why do I have dreams about my mother in Serena? P.S. Why did I give my life saving to a bizarre caught religion founded by a bad scientist? P.S. P.S. X 1990 and my word beer of 7th level, Sorry, dogs are now my bloodhead. P.S. 25. 20. is scupper dioretics. Flushing questions from the mind. Be a little coward. Be a little movement. Dioretics by no one above over 20 million copies sold. Can you believe it? Never that's done by Zagron Evans on the page 2525. Remember that? Yes. Anyway, the American Psychiatric Association is striking back at Tommy Cruise. Tommy, you're a jackass and the word on the street by the way is that the movie sucks real bad. I understand why he and Kate Moss, who's been, she's like a prisoner now. Kate Moss? She's easy to miss. Kate Holmes. Kate Jackson. They got her in a broom closet. Can't get out and speak to anybody unless they, the Scientologist personally escort her. It is irresponsible for Mr. Cruise to use his movie publicity to promote his own ideological views. And he took people with metal illness from getting the care they need. APA present Dr. Stephen Sharstein said the statement. During interviews for audience ladies fill more of the worlds which really sucks is what I'm here. Well, I still want to apologize because I read one bad review on the Batman movie. And I see that overwhelmingly everybody says it was pretty and good. I gave it a try. Why you thought it was okay? I thought you said it was good. Yeah, it was pretty good. You're just, you just, I don't know what it is. What? I don't, I don't argumentative. When I asked you that after you saw, you said it was very good. I said very good. Very good. The review that I read and they Toronto star was extremely negative and just ripped in the ass. And all the other reviews now and people I went to see it. Like about 80% said it was damn good. Yeah, like I said, pretty good. They don't know no real Batman, you know. And there was no Robin character in the movie. No, because it was Batman beginning so it's just the beginning of the story. Robin, yeah, comes later. Does he really sort of hurt? Well, when we get to see that, part three. Oh, no. Where the hell is that Hank dropping? I can't find anything today. He was just warned. Not as pet a file. That's it. It was really worth the trouble. Hank will be back tomorrow, we think. We hope not anything gets to be. Oh, please don't tell me he was on all morning from 5 till 10. He was on all morning from 5 till 10. Oh, no. Although we had Ira, you know, to break it up. We had one. Are you right? What do we got Ira for? I thought I thought they were done. I thought the NBA, you had to be joking, we aren't you? Yes. I made it all up. If you're telling me the truth, I will didn't San Antonio win. Didn't it be the piss and sign one of the NBA championship? Yes, but I believe the NBA draft is today. Oh, grab this, okay. Oh, my God. This Ira man, he just won't go away. He just keeps hanging on and hanging on. Holy, moly, right man. When are we gonna get him off the year already? Triad this. Yeah, hey man. God. The Ira win bag show it never ends. The NBA never ends. Even though we don't have the heat games on his radio station, but we sure kill some damn bad time when I crap on the morning show. I think somebody's trying to sabotage the gover show. Yeah, man. And you're trying to stick it to the Humper. That was fun. Yeah. We'll find out tomorrow. Just how funny it was when those trends come out again. I sure if we don't want to go wearing another two two, you know it. Anyway, during interviews promoting his latest film more, The World's Cruises Discussed. His deep skepticism of psychiatry. The Spain is believed in the teachings of the Church of Scientology, founded by science, fiction writer, El Rahn Hubbub. And once I said interview last Friday, NBC's today show, which we've seen about 40,000 times now. Cruises was asked about his recent criticism of actress Brooke Shields for revealing that she had taken the entity to present Paxil to cope with post-partum depression. By the way, she responded and ripped him an ass. Yes, she did. Nice going, Brooke. I like your little show. Then Chris Agnus. She said, my girlfriend. Yeah. She said, stick that plane aliens from some stupid science fiction remake and I'll take her my own life. She said, I'll grab you by the face and throw you to the ground. She also said, you're fairy. Before I was a scienceologist, I never agreed with psychiatry. And when I started studying the history of psychiatry, I understood more and more why I don't believe in psychology. And I know that psychiatry is a pseudo science. You're a pseudo human. How do you like that? Hey Tom. You're fair. You're not fooling anybody anymore. And you notice now, even that conversation is out of the closet. Whereas before maybe I and five other people in the country had the balls to say it out loud, that Tom is gay. And that almost everybody else in that so-called church is like in the gay closet, like Lisa Marie Presley, and John Revolta and many, many others who all have that one thing in common. And now they're like, everybody's talking at like the thing with the Kate Holmes boss, the shorts, right? Right. They're all saying, oh, that's just a publicity stunt. No matter who he tends to be hooked up with. Now it's kind of like Michael Jackson saying he's dating Brooke Shields, speaking to her. Right? I'm serious. Nobody's buying it anymore. But she was confronted about that. I am so sick and tired of closet queens, man. It just makes me gag. I can't deal with it. Really? Yeah. I'm gagging on it. In fact, I think we'll put our ghosty stuff maybe we'll put out a gag order. We come to think that you're gonna see a person now. I'm a person now. We'll watch you. We'll watch you. We'll think that you're gonna see a person. Our school's gonna be a five-step stupid. She will. You could unwrap all the slime all the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. Remember when you lie to me. But now I can't move each other. Don't break. I can make all this so good. I can't move each other. Making no choice. All I do is free like I'm inside. Don't run so close to me. I can't move each other. All I do is go... All I do is free like I'm in my right now. That's all it's about to do. Mm-hmm. So to make a long story short, somebody says, please consider what he used in for your full. And we just didn't want to say, yeah, put that face on it. Anyway, here's some good news. This game we go heater would say a hundred years ago. There's good news, thai. How do you like that? I bet you Josh, remember this game we go heater? Oh yeah. The number of Americans disapproving a president Bush's job performance is recently high-level of his presidency according to a brand new CNN slash. USA today slash Gallup poll released yesterday. According to the poll, 53% response said they disapproved Bush's performance compared with only 45% who approved. The margin of error was plus or minus three points. The 53% figure was the highest disapproval rating we recorded in the CNN. USA today Gallup poll since he became president. The approval percentage 45% matches a low point set in last March. The 8 point gap between those who disapproved. The fruit was the largest record of surreced during a rapid time in there during all this pain. And thanks again for those old gas prices. Mr. President and famous deraudufus Buffis, Alfred Yenuman Jr. As both prepared to address the nation tonight to defend his Iraq policy, just 40% of those responded to the poll said the approval of his handling of the war. 58% said they disapproved and we're getting really war now by that body count. And another poll. Okay, it's not good for your president. Look at this and they're showing that stuff on CNN right now. In blood, it is time, it's conceived for the administration to do some plain speaking on the war. Right. Kind of like, look at the like that or maybe two or one or two. I book out of those too. Most Americans feel your president intentionally lied to the public to justify his invasion of Iraq over and an overwhelming majority now disapproved his handling of the war. But the public not yet demanding it to meet withdrawal according to an ABC news Washington Post poll published yesterday for the first time, a majority of Americans said the administration intentionally misled the public and going to war. Sounds like impeachment to me and nearly 75% said it underestimated the challenges involved in the poll. That was a poll of a thousand four adults nationwide on Iraq specifically 56% said they just approved of which is work and 62% said the thought that U.S. got and bogged down on Iraq. The majority also rejected vice president, Cheney's claim that the Iraqi insurgent scene is his last trove. The 33. The 33. Throw this 53% said they thought the insurgency was holding steady in strength and 24% said they believe it was getting stronger every day like Chicago. I might actually get that song out and play it. Not getting stronger every day. I might actually play the until we blow a Pakistan but though because yes and good news. And under sea cable carrying data between Pakistan and the outside world has developed a serious fault virtually crippling data feeds including the internet's telecommunications officials say. All right. The system crash late yesterday and we're still down this evening. Many offices across the country, ground or will hold as people realize there was what a Pakistan's regular but usually brief technical glitches. I'd like us here at QA and we have very often but usually brief technical glitch. It's a bitch but it's just a glitch. It's a worst case scenario we are literally blank so the senior foreign banker who decided to be identified. Oh God what good news. The Pakees okay and now we find out there was the Pakistanis. There were ones that were peddling all that crap to everybody. North Korea Iran, you name it. Pembers of doom and gloom and UNABAMBA Grande. How do you like that? Pakees. We got to play that song over and over again. Then we go into Saudi Arabia. Blow off the Mishmatadi. Hook up our hose and our shoe. The oil feels in the screw them you know. They had their moment in the sunshine. They had all that money. $60 plus for a barrel of oil. Freacens. $60 plus for a gallon of gas. And thank you again. $687 votes on our pool kind of slowing down here. And if you want to know why because they're not calling in with a more name. I know. It's up with that. They're all gone. Anybody with a brain. Watching our group is the most overrated of all time. M&M-128 Madonna 103, Elvis 94. Been pretty much stacked up that way. Barbara Streisand 85, Sanat 63, Bob Dylan 54, Destone 35, I'm P.O.D. Beatles 32, Phil Collins 23, Steely Day in 21. Wayne Newton 18, Von Jovi 16, Michael Bolton a dozen. Ruts to work five, Paul I could too. Tom Pettie one, Whitney Houston very madly. Oh, they're gonna think of the big so far. How is that possible? Very manelow has got no votes yet. I don't think they consider him overrated. In other words, every day raw Mary. They're raw Mary, yeah. I like it. Yeah, I know. Think about here. It's buying them. That's a loopy. I write that songs about romance while I'm wearing Spanish pants. Okay, it's enough of that. Just a little teaser there, so the group, we all bring back those bad memories. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, I'm probably gonna get a few calls in between now and 2 o'clock. This show is just zooming by, you know what? I feel like it's getting away from me. I have lost contact with the audience. How's that channel 10 pull coming? Take a look at that, yeah? That late. We have to forward and vote on here. I mean, look, I think you had a pretty good idea. The pull, at least it's something for him to do, you know, the creeped is your word. Right, to keep him off the street. What are you going to bring? 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20. I'm gonna have a little total of vote. What is it? 1, 29, yay, 2, 19, nay, and 22 people say, a little bit of B.B. Oh, how come this is 370? What is it? The total is 370. Well, that's not bad. Let me just vote no again real quick here so I can take a look and see what I got. What do you got? 370, one. See there's my vote on no. 220, no. We don't want to tell you how to vote. We'll be free for you. No, but, no, no. We'll try to fight a few sublipal seeds. No, no. I mean, anybody out there understands the separation of tertians, they miss tentab all these goods. He's trying to run our way and stick it in our face. Believe whatever you want, just don't keep sticking in my face unless I ask you to. No. God. No, 1.99. Yes, 22 say each case should be decided individual. Like whether we like it or not. W2QAM, hello. Yeah. We need to be on. I can't. Oh, my God. What an excellent choice. Oh, thank you. I'm pretty fierce. I can't leave her off. President, nobody considers her a real singer. Okay. The training beyond good choice. Okay, what about your head? We're not asking for like 50 year favorite choices. Just one. What's the group is the most overrated of all time? We need to be on. Oh, it makes me embarrassed to be in Canada almost. And then I think of the alternative. W2QAM, hello. Yeah, now. Yes, sir. I just saw what to tell you right about Paul, I can hear his Lebanese. I was right about what? Paul, I can guy hear his Lebanese. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thanks a lot, Paul. OK, then you got to know. What if he was having Howard's baby? 560560560. No, no, no, no, no. Howard. 560 and he Verizon in singular wireless lines. W2QAM, hello. That's all. Any guy hear? QAM. I'm here. I'm here. We have a Neil Diamond on the pole. Neil Diamond. That's my one of change my pole. No, no, no. That is the one. Crackland Rosie makes me a tube. That's it. That's it. We're. Oh, Neil Diamond. We just hit the jackpot. That's the winner. Howard, why are you talking about that? We're song ever. Which one? Heartlight. The one about ET. I don't even know what that song is. I think one of the guy was singing what he called it. Third, your heart. All that. Oh, that's it. Yeah, yeah. The third. Wow. I like this one better. Yeah. I like what better on. I make the Neil Diamond version of the same song. What? Come to a 15. Neil Rodriguez, your life. 15. What? What video five six? 15. Yeah. So, drugs back then? Yeah. 27. Number 27. There. There. You mean, you show you got 27. Yeah. I got 27. You mean? Yeah, I mean, you have 48. Oh, yeah. Put a swan that wasn't set. What would they back up? I found a more to tell. Yeah. And I found a Shivos brain. Okay. LAUGHTER Ahh! Ahh. Ahh. Ahh. Ahh. Oh. It's little ho Jake. I'm sorry that the door is door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door doors door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh boy. with the mobile and then the mad dog and then the ballgame and then eighty-cane all these things. Sure, I hope the Harper is back by Thursday morning kind of missed a little cross thing we do there across the rest crossover without Edwards. A unanimous U.S. Supreme Court rule yesterday that internet file trading networks can be held liable when they're using his copy music movies that the protected work without permission. Considering the case of MGM versus Groxter at all, the judge has had a decide whether a piece of software can itself be held responsible for the power to be committed using it. In other words, if I give it the key to somebody down the street there, how should you go in and rob the house is in my fault of yours. The key maker's fault. There you go. And that's right, let's play an adjack ass. The judge has set aside U.S. appeals court ruling that the peer to peer and their worst cannot be held liable for copyright infringement because they can be used for legitimate purposes as well. We hold it one who distributes the device with the object of promoting its use to infringement copyright and shown by clear expression or other affirmative stuff taken to foster he would infringement is liable for the resulting acts of infringement by third parties just as David Souder wrote for the court. The case with closely watched by the entertainment and technology industries as the test copyright law on the computer era, it was considered the most important copyright case to reach the Supreme's in more than two decades. The ability to sue file sharing firms is likely to be a far more effective to turn against piracy for media organizations than going after individuals who download right protected material. The latter approach apart from being slow has led the high profile pieces of young girls and boys receiving court summons is this is from teams of lawyers online networks like Grocery and Morpheus love millions of computer users to copy music and movies for free from each other's hard drives. How do you like that? All you thieves are you just these trans and thieves? Certainly. Yes. You grocced your you. How's the Obama doing? He better go zoom it up here. He's only got one vote. Well, I would see a lot of us would change your vote. Thanks a lot, Pally for call that in before we've forgot to boot it. Thank you for that. Line 9 is always spectacular to me. QAM hello. Louis Delight there for president. You might miss something? I was hoping you could explain it to me. Oh, there were missing something. That doesn't must be the guy from New York again. I could tell you by the action. Once was enough. Okay, Shvok Luzer. See and the June you ought to be out there enjoying the sunshine. Flying getting good, uh, Carson almost something. A good melanoma. Oh, God. What an inspirational was you know it. How long since I played that? Two Lord. Oh. This is a little bit. There's all the face of it. When they can make home in melanoma. Okay, good congratulations. Come in to QAM hello. Yeah, how about share for that many, uh, sunny? Yeah. Well, nobody ever considered him a real singer, but in her case, I think they might be one or two. Share share. Okay, share and share are like, oh, yeah, I would agree with that. I mean, they put out some music that was like, I used the word music very loosely, you know, right? Yeah. I got you, but maybe some lame stuff. But then of course you went out in the role and then it really got bad. And then he went one of Scheme's ass into a tree in the dive. He died. He died. He died. Little political sunny bono. What was he mayor of like, uh, that's some 10 block town or something like that? Right, but his big deal was he was a good fundraiser. Like, I see a celebrity politicians. He was a good fundraiser for the right wing, uh, lunatics is what he was. So he died. Yes, he probably had on the bad thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me say it again. I hope a lot of you people out there really proud of yourselves that our fan asked governor, your fan asked governor deserves to be be corrected because he's crazy than a bed bug. And he just will not let Terry or her. You go for crying out loud. And of course, El President, they well, that goes without saying. Mass murderer took a nation to war based on a pack of supplies and they still know impeachment that are going on. How is that possible? Barbara, there's a little hanky, panky on the side with a very skanky, fat cow anyway. And they're right away. Oh my god. He lied about it. Sixly. Yeah, right. Here's a guy. It's a mass murderer. He's responsible personally for the death of almost 2000 innocent Americans plus over 100,000 innocent Iraqis who we Clint, you know, what did I tell you? What I said right at the beginning of it? Liberation by elimination. Liberation by decapitation. The emancipation by death. And he's still walking around on the list. He should be been tried right now. Yeah, for high crimes and Mr. Meeners. And then of course, the Downing Street Memorow, which I see you did a fine job getting that on our website. Maybe you know, 50 people looked at it. I think they did look at it. Let's hope. I thought it put some graphic imagery on there. You know, it's easier than reading. Right. Look, we're going to like people are reading USA today. They like their colorful pictures. That's me. Are you reading? WKM. Hello. Yeah, my dad used to do in Ron Hubbard. In the cupboard with mother Hubbard. WKM. Hello. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Hey, hey, good. Hello. It's all welcome. If I talk about it, I have my wisdom to kick it out. Oh, you know, I'm also a something. Oh, it's awful. And over K. Well, we're offered. I sure. I couldn't use the video. You're used to wisdom along with the two. Don't worry. Don't I had all my wisdom to keep that? What do you just say? Yeah. Sometimes it's dumped because I was pooping in the attention. Other. It was nighttime. You hear that dial tone real quick. That tells you right there. When it down, it's on shoot out. Five, six, seven. I want to get in at least two, three hundred calls just to find out if we are, if we've lost touch, you know, well, there's no doubt. WKM. Hello. Short stop. And in fact, I was, that was a second moment on my part. And then I can say, honestly, that Maddie Bell run around and building going George sucks like that. You're a friend, Maddie Bell, who tells you your face that he's really like you. You. Yeah, right. Come in and fatboard. As you two good buddies, trust me when I tell you. How's Neil Diamond do he's got a pair now and he has got a pair. He'll move up there. We'll quietly and during the afternoon and overnight hours in the wee hours in the morning when nobody's watching people go to their computers. They'll sit down there and they'll tap it out. And they might vote for Neil Diamond too. How is that I want to get if we don't get to 500 votes on the channel temple by two o'clock. I'm not coming back tomorrow. I was at all there. I'm telling you, I don't want to start playing making threats, but sometimes that's the only way you know, from experience that's the only way with this crowd to get anything. You click on WPLG dot com local 10 channel 10, you know, the moment's right. Lotter deal without the mustache. Oh, it's speaking of all my goodness. What is that show people are praying for channel six to bring where it's Sanchez back? What is that show that's on is it 10 to 11 in the morning or 11 in the morning or whatever that thing that today and so Florida. Holy moly. They've got this big dark-complexed screaming queen on there. Who's the entertainment reporter just, I mean, they must have spent a lot of to let weights to keep that child on the ground. My old friend Bob Mayer, hey Bob, you must be pretty embarrassed about that routine. What is that all about? What is it with all these entertainment communities, these flamers, these scammers, these beautiful scarrotized types of people put on there. What is that thing's name? Does it have any word click on where it says court the second story down on channel 10, courts money metal to the citizens sends mixed message, give it a click and then you scroll down when you get to that story and write the middle of the story is the survey should monuments of the 10 commandments be shown in government buildings, be allowed in government buildings and government property. And of course, I'm not going to tell you out of vote. No, no. And so far we got the 397. I mean, we still got some market between now and two, a clock to get to 500 or I will not come back into the shogun tomorrow. Okay, if that's what it takes to get to people off your dead ass. And let's see, it was 142, we started right then number six in my mind and that's 397's right. That 156 we more than doubled the total there on their very lame website. So that's what we can do for some people that don't get a lot. I mean, we got like almost 800 votes on our poll. What's the difference between us and a powerful TV station like channel 10, we're just a little dicky radio station here in small place. We're bad signal for Christ 6. We're not on table. We're not like on everybody's TV. We said we're not like a part of your freaking life. And the meantime, we got like almost 800 votes on our silly ass stupid music poll. Exactly. And they got like 397 and most of those are from our people of which 241 say absolutely not no 134 yes each patient should be just a individual 22. See those of people who just don't have their like this Supreme Court. They don't have the balls to come out and say, no, you know, and really support separation of church and state and get these for our vison of religious nuts off our ass. Get out of our face. Get out of our lives. Get out of our uh, black dough everywhere. You crazy bastard you. 1257 at five, 60 W to Q and you have good life credit ask the question. You know what's on your credit report? If not, remember this number 866, 625, 0444. It is a fact that 80% of credit reports contain errors that affect your credit score. And we all know the problems that come with a bad credit score. And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report, you know what a pain that can be. Good life credit is here to correct those errors and get you straightened out. Good life credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you. And they're no set up fees. Good life credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus. Write the letters of discrepancies and straighten out any inaccuracies. So don't let somebody else in the state cost you a high credit score. Before you visit the dealership or call the real two. Do yourself a big favor and call good life credit at 866 625 0444. That's a tool for you call 1 866 625 0444 on the web goodlife credit dot com. The call can save you thousands in a long run. Good life credit. Make that call and get back on track to living the good life. Like it. You know I'm Janet. I still listen to the one to two hours. Thanks a lot. The act of studio is pleased to welcome Jennifer Lopez. Very soon. Hi Jennifer. Hi. I was wondering how many more months you see your marriage last week. Maybe like four or five. Well how many more times do you think you'll get married? 14 15 16 around there. Hi Jen. Hi. Is it true the post office assigned your as its own zip code? Oh yeah. Congratulations to you. Hi Jennifer. Hi. What profession other than yours would you like to attempt? Oh I was doing it in a dive bar in Mexico. Small place doesn't matter. That's what I'd be doing. Well if you're serious I'd love to come up on stage and be your first customer. Okay. Yeah. So what you do for $20? I go down. Yeah. You've got you what you wore. Put a set of better myself. 103 and 5 16. WM are big one to two hours. Now if you go ahead did you explain to these people if they go on our website. I'm sure you did just on a left hand side under where it says pictures. Yeah. Needed burka. Right. Okay. Yeah. It's got a pretty close head. Uh huh. That's a little Kim. Was that who that is? Well I'm that wonderful. That's sweet. It's your right. Christian. I'm on tour. I know that. Anyway, a little Kim with a burka on and just took on and it'll have a should see where the law has changed and you could read all about it. Read it and weep. Okay. That'll explain you why there ain't no more beaded curtain and you can't get your jolly's by seeing naked chicks on our website. Sorry. But that's America for you. We can't say this. You can't see that. You can't do that. Is what it falls down to. A third and more sophisticated test on the beef cows. A specter of having mad cow disease. What have helped resolve conflicting results from two initial screenings. But the U.S. refused to perform an end November. They just waited a few months. Like about the seven eight months and they said, oh, guess what? You're in a good part of it. Is that that particular cow did not get in the food supply. So they tell us that additional tests ordered by the agriculture departments in Turtle Watch dug ended up detecting mad cow. A finding that was curing firm ground Friday by the world's pre-eminine lab in England. Only 18 months ago, the department had used the Western Block Test help on cover the first American case of the brain wasting illness in cows. And how many times did they do the choice? The cow who's slipping and sliding and you're falling down. You've seen that 80 million times, right? Oh yeah. That's all with mad cow to one can't stand up. The department is pledging that from now. I'm a little conduct such testing unsuspicious animals. U.S. officials in November had declared the cow to be free of the disease, even though one of two tests, initial screening known as a rapid test, indicated that they present the disease. A more sophisticated follow-up immunochemistry or IHC came back negative. They had two diametrically opposed results which paid to be a huge banged red that would be results that followed W Brown, a former scientist at the NIH who spent his career working on medical related issues. If you had what they had, you would immediately go to Western Block and get a third test method and see which one of the previous two was more accurate. But they couldn't be bothered with that because the government has outended to protect us. Okay. The save us to send us to Iraq to take and kill us all of these things. Your government. And a public is like, remember like that. How are we doing on channel 10 on that well thing? That's all I'll let you. Huh? I said let's go look. Well, you go look. We better be over 400 by now. We'll never make it a 500 on there. Both. Oh, really? 138. Yes. 277. No. Excellent. 29. Whips. Come see Komsa. Men's and men's. You can see. Right. No thanks. Let's put it to the old pipeline. What are you sir? Right. Let's put the channels in pull in the pipeline. Get up right. I'm the old. Okay. Do the talk on this one. Well, let me get them to read. The PRRF says I redeem myself. I told you. Yes, you have PRRF. You've been on the losing side for so long now. You've been really sticking the joint out. Oh, Vanessa, you got the name for racist. Don't call Creamery. Isn't it cold stone Creamery? Yes. Yes. Now, which is the one you go to? Is there one in our old springs? I think there is. The one I went to is actually in Hollandale. Hollandale. Yeah. Oh, what are you doing in the Hollandale? The the girlfriend was out there. You have a girlfriend and what is she like 85? And you know you win old chicks. Yeah, that's good. Boy, but get her out of there before she starts aging real thanks. Anyway, PRRF says I've redeem myself. I told you stone cold stone Creamery. I think it was out of the I'm surprised we haven't had like a tremendous response on that. What is review people anyway? When I come on the unit, this is the greatest ice cream in the world. I'm not just talking out of my ass. Okay. I've heard that better than anything in this world one of your old day. I could play some things now. I can't plan them. No, I can play as like ass music. No, I can play this and I can give you the dialogue in the movie too. They would die up. Remember this? No, shpraw, shpraw, shpraw, shpraw. Yeah, Sarah, it all takes forever. Yeah, go ahead, do talk up. Oh, we just bought. Okay, and says you go there. They let you taste the flavor with those tiny spoons. Then they ask you what size those are. Oh, I see. Like it, love it or got to have it. Those are the sizes. Is that real or is he just making it up? No, that's real. And they're ridiculous too. Because I ordered like the medium, whatever that is. And it was the joke. Yeah, I was on Broadway only. Two containers. And it was enough ice cream in there to sink a battleship. Yeah, exactly. So we just like have a guy like like, as I started like hyperventilating, he's then rushed to the sink and like running on the hot water. Both of the containers after we had like both adults and in like a toss it out. Just too much. It said so when you did the ice cream pull throw them all off the window. Let's just hope they're running out to over. But if you need, I can send it to you FedEx. No thanks. We are around. No thank you. I got my all my hot stage coming and that's good enough for me. No more ice cream into October. Got it. And especially now, it's going to make it easier. Why don't you why? Why? Because everything else fails into insignificant so much. It's not even even the tag in those been in and not a message turtle and all of these other things. Paka garbage. Kaka. I just man. Just send me. Okay, that's the first time I've played it. Those are my names, baby. When people didn't want to take their radio and throw it into bottom of the ocean. Five, six, seven, or there's that funky European ring on my fan's machine. Again, are you sending me something? No, it ain't me. Really? Five probably wrong number. Let me answer it. God. Somebody's passing something. It's either a CD away fast and it's just a list of days and it's coming from one of your idiots down now. Why they might it? Okay, let's have a choice between that or I'm not ready to hear the song. Why is that? You know, like 38 special? I did for the first, you know, 500 times. You haven't heard that song in a loomsage. Not long enough. Really? I love it. They destroyed it. Oh, I know what we got here and let us do it little jingle. So that wasn't good. You want to watch because it's like a real low start. Oh, that's not the right song. No. What's the song he was dancing on the effect? That was the first time we sound jump up and down on the sofa. Old-term rock and roll is what you're looking for. Oh, I see. Sorry. That was close. Not a match. What was the name of that movie? RISCY business. RISCY, RISCY business. That was a good movie. That was all right. He made two or three good movies. He made like a for the July, right? Fourth of July, Ray Mann and that one, Frisky business. I was in. Goodbye, Tom. By his account, Tom Cruise always has cool head, defeated this last year. And in a way, his unstoppable start him to scienceology says this article, I promise you after they know more Tom Cruise. He just, I just might be angry now, you know? Furious. Then he piss you off. Yeah, it does. He makes the ill. But scienceology has much to think Tom Cruise for as well. His glowing adherence to scienceology and the initiation of his ride to be actress Katie Holmes into the offbeat and off-moline system of police has stirred a surge of interest. Isn't that sad? Isn't that pa-thetic? The search engine company, Lycos reported that scienceology had leaked in the top 50 search terms last week for the first time, hitting number 37, marking a 260% increase in interest, a spike to come and contributed into the cruise homes effect. In fact, Sir Lycos in a press release, scienceology was now the most search forology even more than proctology, acting out the likes of geology technology and astrology. And like I said, Tom, proctology, which Tom ought to look that up. I'm sure he has. It's a reflection of, hey, Tom. You're fair. It's a reflection of how he would switch in famous generate positive buzz for scienceology, recognized by the federal government as a religious organization, but be announced by critics as a cult that extract tens of thousands of dollars from its followers. Thank God the non-cult religions like the Catholic Church aren't extracting millions of dollars from their right. Scent for the words that humans believes, Earthlings were invaded millions of years ago by alien souls sent here from outer space. By alien. I know alien was out of this world. Scienceology and Earth has always had a special place for artists. Oh, I got to read more of this. Okay, when we come back after the break. I don't want to read too much. I got a great article by Doug Thompson, your favorite to rant. Alright, from capital Hill blue. Good. Lies, Dan Lies and the fools who believe them. Pretty good Doug. That's a good stuff here. I would just get on with instead of taking a lot of these idiotic. Oh, you know, every now and then, we get like the Neil Diamond one. That was a gym and, and of course, whatever. Cold stone creamery. If you, if you don't like that stuff, your taste buds are dead. Okay. I wouldn't mind spending like all summer long. Every time I'm on a year doing like one hour, just telling you how fantastic that is. And of course, they're not even buying any spots yet. They should. If I were in our sales department, I'd be out there right away. Oh, say, here's the facts. Guess what? It's a look at this advertised by facts. Start your campaign in the next 24 hours. Can't of the facts service.com. I'm not something, huh? It's a, it's a solicitation facts. Or my facts machine. Somebody ought to be shot. I don't think solicited by facts. Oh, God. Not by anybody I want to do a respondent in any way, shape or foam. One 13 to five, 60 WQM the moment. The hour. The hour. The moment. The hour. The hour. The hour. The hour. The hour. The hour. The hour. We long to a clock. He has 4th July weekend. So you're ready for more phony sales ads from the mattress chains and department stores. I've said it before. I'll say it again. If you double the price, then say we're giving you half off. What kind of a deal is that? So pick up the full right now and call our good friends at dial a mattress 1 800 mattress. They offer you factory direct pricing every day even lower than the chain stores during these supposed huge big sales. You deserve a long weekend to relax to go to the beach barbecue. Just chill wouldn't be great at the end of that day that you were relaxing in a brand new bed from dial a mattress. Well, the answer is you can. You picked it eight in time for delivery. They even deliver all day on the 4th of July. You'll choose from the complete line of ceiling. Sir does Simmons King Coral. Stearns in fast we he would. And when you call 1 800 mattress, you'll speak with next for bed and consultant who listens to your needs and will suggest a style and cover level that is perfect for you. These folks know their stuff because they only subbedding no shoes, no french fries, no banana loops, just beds. Almost everybody at QM sleeps like a baby on a dial a mattress. You ought to be doing the same. So they've great this weekend and for years to come by just making that one easy call sit there on your ass pick up the phone and call 1 800 mattress or check out mattress.com dial a mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for saving what it comes to sports. We need the story. Sports where you'll buy 60. Oh baby. Baby launch a couple miss a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a lovely. Oh There's one thing we all understand. All right. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Anyway And now is that the one time you've been there? Yes. Oh, well see that was not that's not fair. That's not fair. Now there's one. There's one. Well, you probably aren't anywhere near plantation but there's one out there in my neck of the woods and not Hill and clear. I told you right by the windows he plans and okay. Oh, man. I think there is one in Cronmar. How's it? There must be marble slab and or in fact that's what we're going to have to do. Let's have a taste off. Okay, that's the assignment for the audience and for use guys is to check out marble slum slab and cold stone creamery and see which one because it's got to be one of those two. And that's got to be the greatest ice cream in history and be a real shame if either or both of these just went down the old. You know, like so many good places of gone. Laries over there in plantation was great poor guy. Here's a guy came down from the York put his entire life savings. Oh, big up at ice cream store. Laries right by the public right across the street from the wind. See Plaza there would not be like theory right by public's lot of traffic heavily traffic area and went out of business. The white mountain whatever that place was called in the fountain shops. How come it is that everybody in your brother that goes into that shopping center that little mall there goes out of business. It's got to talk to way back there. Get out of here. Maybe the way they have it set up there. So you can really see what the business is like a little city in there. I mean, the security guard over there we will quit and the white mountain ice cream was on that side over by were circuits to be and that was outstanding. That is good as this stuff mine. You because nothing is as good as what we're talking about. It was damn good. They had some really unique flavors and they lasted about five minutes. Maybe more like about 30 minutes and they went bust. I've said that other places, great and there's that two days man is that a good. I told you about that. You go there. No. Why not? Because they means you go there. It's no. We're near me. Okay. And it also almost takes us in there too in that little place. But I could tell you something. Remember before the show on Thursday to tell you something about that. Not a year though. Because I love almost takes course. Anyway, the in founding time tells you in 1951 L. Ron Hubbub. We've got 464 votes on that channel 10 pull. 36 to go or else before two o'clock. Think we can do it. Sure. That's like falling off a log. In founding time tells you in 1951 L. Ron Hubbub carved out a special place for artists which led the creation of the lavish. Scientology celebrity centers which now make up 11 to 5 100 churches. A culture is only as great as its dreams and its dreams are dreamed by artists Hubbub said. In other words, gay. A website for the massive spiritual retreat in Hollywood explains by example and through their art they communicate to millions. Husband proving the lives of artists. Great progress can be achieved by the condition of society for any artist with an increase to build the community. Who is drug free and has high moral standards in parts of possible and for one's not many others. Cruises that I guess I don't qualify to a specific in the high moral standards. Cruises the Scientologist poster boy at the moment for several reasons. He recently dismisses long time publicist Pat Kingsley turning to his Scientologist sister Lee and David instead. I like to bet in fact I like both of my bets. He famously got brought Scientologist ministers on the set of war of the worlds. Oh good. Did you know that? Yeah. I've talked about it. Oh. He has our parallel between the science fiction slick and some of his religions teaching sister the celebrity press. Cruises in good company in Hollywood where he tat science, all giants related programs Narcanon for treating drug dependency, criminon for any criminal behavior and apply scholastics. Others on the roster include John Travolta. You're fair musicians tick her. Lisa Marie Fresley and Beck who is reared as a scientist. He was reared as a science audience. Back though. We like that. I understand he's pretty sore about it still as well as that fat top of crab curstie. Allie who credits Narcanon for any her cocaine addiction. Yeah. Didn't cure her food to death. Oh, I'm going to ask you. If she had a cocaine addiction, I don't know. She picked it out so bad. Obviously she beat the cocaine addiction with a food. She just replaced it with food exactly. Narcanon is not related to Narcanon. This is like all in word. And if you ever say the lesser known ranks of Hollywood producers acting coaches writers and many and aspiring actor are filled with science. I'll just attract it both by the spiritual process as well as the network and possibilities and of course the closet. The church says the growth among Hollywood's luminaria simply testimony the spiritual and personal growth to using the tools that scienceology gave them. Oh, my god. So Tom is using the tools. Yeah. I thought about it a while back how he uh he pitched a scienceology tent there on the set of war the war. He picked a tent? Sure. Dead. Scientology tent. I'll be damned. I made a deal with everyone to visit. It was his gift to the star. I see. I'm sick. God damn having his neck a deck like he would not believe. Tom does some Americans. Now they have me who found his neck boots. I hope his life's in place. He's been our sixth let's see. 14. All right. Come on. I got a little bit like a American sex. I'll take you like I took away. I'll make me come in there. Oh, oh. This is West. I'm leaving the West. Oh, reels. Not so easy. It's it. Not so easy. What big grits? Nothing even so close. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. God. I get the reels. Take two. Take two. No. I must make me wonder what Sodom is having for dinner. You know, but not quite. What's seeing our group is the most overrated of all time. Our full question they didn't. I thought we get like thousands of these names called it. And thank God we didn't. What a wasted a lot of bad time. 816 votes though. That's not bad. You know, considering how many people are in town right now. But to the man. And what do we got so far? I'm wasting my time because my mouth is like a trap. Come on. You can do it. Why is that not working man? It's just fits for the ambiance at the whole thing. But let's share it for us. Who was it that came in there and got our phone and I gave it the instructions on it. George Corse. George Corse. Oh, holy moly. See he's the only one I know anything about this whole setup. So let him go on vacation ever again. What's in your group is the most overrated of all time. M&M 146 Madonna 13 Elvis 101 Barbara Streisand 92 Frank Sinatra 73 Bob Dylan 59 rolling Stones 59 are for 38 what I just say. People 35 way Newton 27 the Humper Love of M Vegas. Phil Collins 26 Michael Bolton 23 nauseous. We didn't never put Gloria Stefan on it. Did we did look why not? I don't know why not Josh. Oh, she's going on now. Gloria Stefan put around in a give everybody also head start. Steely the N 21 bond joby 19. Celine Dion 13. Oh, Rod Stewart 8 Neil Byman 7 sheriff 6 with the Houston for very manlow 3. Hey, Barry. You're fair. Paul I could do in Tompett. He's got a pair. 818 votes. You know, if we didn't really push for, we got a thousand votes today. You know what? We didn't really push it and shove it. But we had bigger fish to fry. I think we already got our 500 on the channel 10 full. I haven't taken a paper. It was 477 last time I looked. I took a gander. I'm looking. And don't feel just one. We get to the 500. Like, you know, courts, money, metal decision sends mixed message. Click on that and it'll take you to the story about courts about the four lot of the other day of thing. It's got a picture that's slob marble slab. I think I have a screen there. And then click on no. I mean, click on whatever your answer is about the 10 commitments all the other religious crap and the click on whatever you want. And it's coming up. It's coming up. 491. Like I said, we still got a tiny bit of work to do. Okay. 491 vote. No. 318. Oh, why yes. 143. And each case should be decided individually. Look what that's got. I'm like that. So we'll get it like phone off a ride. It took a lot of work, man. Took a lot of perspicacious perseverance on my part. Did it? It's a dead end. He banging it, banging it. Anyway, Doug Thompson and the rant from the Capitol Hill blew a great website that George still holds a grudge against. You know, you know, you don't do any bad thing about that website. What's that? It's like a fudge report. If you're like doing an internet explorer, which of course you shouldn't be doing, but if you are, I don't. More pop up ads will come up on those websites. And the whole rest of your life put together. The fudge report and capital, I don't know why that is. I wouldn't even if you're using firefoss, you'll see it like, you know, fending off all the, uh, wouldn't be crap. I usually get one pop up when I do the Capitol Hill blew only one. So I meant to you know, when a, when a spinner see from the story, he said me, I always get a pop up. Yeah, that's an one. Anyway, lies, damn lies in the fools and believe them right, Doug Thompson. A bumper sticker on the car outside a coffee shop in the tiny southwestern Virginia Mountain Town of Floyd Virginia says it all. We're making enemies faster than we can kill them. You didn't use to see such bumper stickers in the conservative town like Floyd where a American flag fly from every light pole on holidays and a door and most pickup trucks on the road. Now they seem to pop up everywhere. These colors don't run. The rest of the world proclaims another sticker. My wife is fond of the one that says, boring dress find the first time. That's great. Yeah, we got that in the studio here. At the town's Friday night, January, a weekly gathering of bluegrass transfer mall over the world, a 70-ish fiddle player open to set with, let's have a moment of silence for all the Americans who have died in George W. Bush's illegal war. Nobody booed or got upset. They stood silent for 60 sections then shared and clapped wildly when the music started. If opposition to Bush's lies backed in Bayesian Iraq and appear openly in a traditional flag-waving, blue-wage mountain community like Floyd, you can be sure it runs rampant in other larger places in America. Polls show Bush's job in pro-wraiting dropping fact in the general motor's stock while American opposition was war crimes. Most Americans now oppose the war in Iraq and questioned both Bush's honesty and his reasons for invading another country. And the numbers of brain dead partisan lemons who continue to support W's madness declined daily. Only those who continue to think in some barbaric way that war-sales problems back in this mad mad's actions. They're mostly partisan political hacks, who claim to the outdated notion that America should impose its will throughout a world that either embraces or needs our way of life. Sadly, the idiots who continue to embrace Bush's arm again in driven policies are in painful political pull-mics who find political lies justified, torture suspects is acceptable, and the rights of the Constitution expendable and overhiked war against terrorism. One of those none not to try to convince me that Bush and New Legal War is part of that war against terrorism, but all he succeeded in doing was showcasing his ignorance of both facts and politics. Like too many of the war-mongering partisans who back Bush and his dirty little war, he threw him by the insane notion that American imperialism is the answer to the world's woes. It is not. Bush lied to the American people to Congress and the world to justify his war, and now his lies have come back to haunt him. He was, he has the blood of 17 and a plus Americans on his hands, and at the rate he's going, his war will too soon of kill more Americans than the terrorist attacks of September 11. It those Americans interact died for nothing and a war that had nothing to do with payback for 9.11. As the proof increases that Bush planned this war before the first plane signed in the first tower of the World Trade Center, only those who checked their brains at the door continues to support his lies. Osama Yamama remains at large because American troops are too busy with the war and Iraq that has nothing to do with tracking down the mastermind of 9.11. He and his henchmen are free to plan more attacks because while Bush continues to lie, Americans continued to die, and the person's reckless actions continued to create more enemies of and hatred for America. As the bumper sticker says, we're creating enemies faster than we can kill them, and those we haven't killed are killing us, more than 1,700 in Iraq and war based on lies and driven by deceit. And the blood of every single one of those Americans stains not only the hands of George W. Bush, but the hands of any fool who supports him and is insane war. For the disguise good man, he writes it even better than I can read it. Which isn't saying much. Let's see. Oh, here's an excellent fact. Thank you so much. Oh man. See, we're talking about sunny bono. We're talking about mono. But what do we know? You too. Overrated to say the best. Wow. Yeah. 212 at QAM. Now it seems to me that they'll be going this effort with ways. K, the home's end time cruise. Trying to promote them safe. She publicity, if there were rumors, Tom was gay. Relationships, not real. Tom's been acting crazy. She's almost been only no more. But they're having a dream in Mary. Oh, then they'll have us a nice red team just for a special time. I don't really hear about the normal. Traveling to the field day with a load. That you're watching this one and going to the last four hours to work the morning. You're about to be in town. You're fair. 145 that's a bad news though. Channel 10 finally cut on, I guess. Or either that or just updating the website, which I doubt. But they took that story off and there. I still got the pole here. I just made a loop. Oh, I see. That was a good idea. Is it refreshing? Yeah, it is refreshing. 500 right now. Even. We did it. We did it. We did it. How do you like that? So this one man, just when we were 491 of the other, we'd catch in short a little bit. And we got to even 500. That's not bad. They started at 142. Right? Well, we first discovered that information. I'll send us that. Thanks. And you wrote your name. Right? And I did too, because we thought that she was. We thought that she was. We thought that she was. We thought that she was. We thought that she was. We thought that she was. We thought that she was. We thought that she was. Right. And then that guy came back from Amsterdam. And he had like a sack and his bag. Sack. He had a sack. Speaking of a sack of crap, why did you hear this? This is just, oh, just when you think you've heard it all and you get like week at the knees. This is why it's a good idea. Like a lot of you people are. I have no luck. Just live in a cocoon, you know, just protect yourself from the outside world. It's dangerous. Former President Ronald Reagan was named the greatest American of all time in an interactive contest last night, topping fellow Republican Abraham Lincoln. A more than 2.4 million votes on the survey sponsored by America online, Reagan who died last year after a long-by-with Alzheimer's, captured the title with 24 percent of the ballots just edging out Lincoln by .44 percent according to host Matt Lauer. Oh, no, one time crews ripped him in ass. I think they both ought to get maybe they didn't get a group for a get some group therapy. The memory is fresh that Reagan son Ron Jr. Hey, Ronnie. You're fair. People remember the funeral. I'm sure he'd be very honored to be in the company of all these great gentlemen. Speaking of that old Ronnie, you know, one of the great great lines in the talented Mr. Ripley, which you don't seem more hopper man. He's such a great actor. He doesn't get enough credit. Yes, he is. But he was really good in there. He's pretty. And they're on the boat. And what's his name is doing what's her name? Yeah, I'm low. On juda, quite a palcho. He's doing going to palcho anyway. And Tom, see all the names. He's just too timbered. He's like looking down there and watching and getting all the nervous and of course jealous. How's the peep and Tommy? How's the peep and that line? Yeah. How's the peep and I mean, what a line. You know, not that anybody would say that, but he's just that's him. He would care to. Of course he got a little headache later in the movie. Anyway, the memory is fresh. Reagan son Ron Jr. People remember the funeral. I'm sure he'd be very honored to be in the company of all these great gentlemen. The rest of the top five. Again, the greatest American of all time and they pick Ronald Reagan. I mean, how about the slickest terror? I would certainly vote for that. The rest of the top five were civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. George Washington and Ben Franklin. Ronald Reagan was a man of courage said John Washington and says Phil nephew of George Washington. These are all distinguished men, but Ronald Reagan, I think he deserves his place here at the top of the list. Oh, God. The second half of the top 10 already. Oh, oh, no. I am going to vomit right here. It's the first. I've never said, oh, no. Well, they said it was an AOL poll. The second half of the top 10 already established and voting in previous weeks had. Guess who was number six? Let me give you a clue. I'll go grab. I'll present an X-Move. Followed by Bill Clinton, Elvis Presley, Oprah Winfrey and Fracten Roosevelt. Oprah just edging out FDR. Look, it was an AOL poll. Only O.O. My God. Oprah Winfrey, my ass. Holy, holy. In fact, she's even bigger than my ass. That is just anyway. The public defender's office on Monday in, uh, call for a state investigation into a brow county judge's courtroom comments. They say the mean minorities and poor people. Accounting judge Leonard Finer said his statements are being blown out of proportion. And there's nothing racist, I lead us about what he said. Thursday morning, do courthouse cleaning supervisor. Finer demanded that custodial supervisor Nadine Koch, appearing his courtroom after discovering someone had left his bench in this array, pushing aside desks supplies, his phone and coffee. Mugs. When Finer began questioning Koch, whether they custodial staff is responsible for the mess, the courtroom recording system was turned off, but midway through the conversation, the recording system came back on a court transcript shows. They may live in in Hubbles, where they where they live, but they don't lead places. They work looking like a dump, find a set. Koch asked, they live where? Finer answered, I said, people let that they hire me live in Hubbles, but they don't have to lead courtrooms in the place they work looking like a slum. Koch said, Hubbles and slums. Chief asked this in public defender Katherine Tuthin, said it's common knowledge that the court houses custodial staff at night is primarily Haitian Americans. The public defenders office mail the complaint yesterday to judicial qualification commission to stay agencies in the overseas judges because Finer's comments were not only racial and sensitive, but show contempt for the poor Kuthin said. She said, the leader was signed by public defender Howard Finklstein and all ten of his chief assistant public defenders. Ask Howard. Howard. Finklstein. We found these comments to be outrageous and discriminatory, and they shouldn't be the subject of discipline, Kuthin said. Finer said, yes, that he's got no idea what the racial make up is of the court houses night time custodial staff. There are nothing racist to build it. He said, anyone can can do anything they want to say of a mode of a agenda. It wasn't racist because as far as I know, I don't know who these people are. The comment also had nothing to do with Plancy said, it has to do with the fact that this is how they left the courtroom. Chief, you can't say anything in the morning, all. Can't say nothing no more. What about that? Who? Who? Fakes? Oh, ten. Then people. The poor people in the Haitian people in the dark people and the white people in the yellow people and the brown people installed with Arabs and Fags. I see. Hey, Tom. You're fair. Okay. I want to see. You asked military helicopter crash in Afghanistan and there was another terrorist side of a suicide bomb in a hospital in a bag. I just can't even keep up with it. No, no, no. Right. He's going to come on there tonight, which I'll miss, a situation where I'll make a damn great effort to miss it and I will. And he's going to give you a song to dance. But I mean, the book put about the old, the show we're talking about. You can't even bite on the podium. And he's going to move his hand. We were attacked on our way. You know something, you just look at him. I mean, this has been for a long time now, but but now more than ever. You just look at him and you see the stupidity dripping from that face of his. The losing. That deer in the headlights, whimsical, a quizzical look in it. And then, of course, when he starts speaking and says it in a very pedantic way, like he tried to. Aren't you proud of me that I can control these words with more than three or way? Don't you really believe me, and oh, rather like the art of that article by Doug Thompson man, that should be great. Everybody's head and there. Right. That's too. You know, that was good. I like you guys that haven't pulled on the punches, you know, which is why we need some serious. We need to get a shrink. We need to get group shrink in there and teach these people to butcher up a little bit. I'm actually, I don't think I'll be listening. I'll be a plunger. My gut sounds tomorrow morning. But be sure and facts me the important stuff from the trends tomorrow. Because this is two thirds of the spring. This is heavy duty, baby. And I just want to see, I mean, if these people think that winning the contest is rolling over and playing, then just just being oblivious to what's going on around us. They got a real surprise coming, you know what? They got a big fat surprise. I ought to play that too by Chicago. Maybe you want to be surprised. Okay. Okay. That bush. That's the bow. Go back. Go to the door. Go back. All the hard burn. No, no, no, no, no. Every time I see, no, no, no. I'm free to party with. No, no, no, no. I'm TV. I'm a piece, brother, it's a... Oh, my God. I'm a kid, muscle, and an articulate idiot. I don't know why. They're one, one, just y'all have a night each year. They're surrounded by the morning. They're just a new week president, though. I'm a piece. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I can't do my best. No, no, no, no. And get to window, go to the wall. Oh, my God. If you want this. Oh, my God. This drum is stupid. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. This drum is rich, dear. Don't know the whole thing is even. No more than me. Please, president, don't. Yeah, don't care what it's all. You got him in my hook or throat with Christian heart. Oh, my God. You and I have a little coffee. We've got a great leader. With president self. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. OK, one thing I had. This was like falling off a log today. You know, this was real, and of course, that first hour, our technical problems helped us out. So easy. You can do it against tomorrow, right? So easy. That you'll have a great time. We're on good luck on the trends. Watching or group is the most overrated of all time. 875 votes. That's not too shabby. You know? I'm feeling a little slimy, but that ain't too shabby. M and M on 55. Excellent point. The Donna 118, the immaterial girl. Elvis 105, Barbara Strider, 94, Frank St. Alfred 77, Bob Dylan 60. I'm winding over here. Rolling Stones 38, Beatles 37, Michael Bowton 29, Wayne Newton 29, till Con 26, Bond Jovi 21, St. Lee Dan 21, Celine Dion 18, share 10, Rod Stewart 9, Gore S. Def on a Neil Diamond 7, a piece. Five for Whitney Houston, four for very manalo. Paul I could two, Tom Petties got a small pair. And you two be heaven. Bye. Bye.