Alright, big tune in audience for that. Panthers and Dallas. Oh yeah, I forgot about it. About a third man. I have a huge audience for that. Real ratings builder. Yes. Let me see there. Just pack in the joint over there. Why don't I hear this echo every morning now? Can you hear that? No. I hear a big echo. Big booming echo. That's okay. Maybe it's an omen. Oh man. So how are you doing today? What's going on? Gonna dignify the other place by talking about this crap. Now, does that have some publicity stuff? I don't give them that much credit over there. Yeah, like they want. You know what? They would need to pull the plug on our antenna. You are a tower. And they still wouldn't have any audience to make it dense against what goes on here between 10 o'clock and 2 o'clock. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they might make a much of a dent to rest of the day either. No. But this business found the audience. You know, you talk about it. I'm sure, right? You know what? No, I didn't. Oh. Seven, nine years of ticket. They got big news here. That's a bulletin. Yeah. For the 80-foot time, they got into a contract on the air with this co-host. Oh, Jamie Duffy. Neither one of whom belongs on the air, by the way. And John Weiner, the general manager, who also doesn't belong on the air, said, No, just for it. Or it doesn't belong in management either. Right. Doesn't belong in the business. Didn't belong inside the building of any radio station. It's been made. No, this didn't be made with a continuity being paired in the 10 to one slot. Make Duffy admitted he was upset because Rosenberg, while working alone, didn't spend more time talking about the Dolphins during Monday's show. Rosenberg apparently sung by the criticism walked out of the studio during the first out of the program yesterday. Well, what we do? How many people heard that? I've turned him in. My stuffy says, I went off a little bit. I didn't mean to go off. I just wanted to hear a little more dolphin love. Oh, God. I hope we can work together again. I'd love to work with him. We're good. We're family. Rosenberg declined a comment. And then Mark Eisenberg, who was kicked off the show by Rosenberg last, Eisenberg, Rosenberg, and Goldberg, you ought to be over there, not. Henry, the final hour of Tuesday's program. Meanwhile, Boogshamby, very right, says Molling offered to become a way to announce it for the match. So you know, Dan, well, you have to be a moron not to take that. Right, right? Yeah, I hope he gets it. Well, what do you mean you hope he gets it? They've offered him the job. Oh, they did offer me the job. He's got it. He's got it if he takes it. Why wouldn't he take it? I don't know. I think he will take it. Then he'll be out of there. Very, very sad. I hope he takes it because then he will be the marlins or the men's guy, and Bob W. Shoesen is the jet sky, and both of them started here as producers with me. Yeah. So I'm going to see that happen for them. Well, you said it to the Stugots though. Well, not everybody works out. Can't be perfect. You can only take them to the trough. You know, they drink or not is up to that. Exactly. They drink or maybe they just think. I don't know. Yeah. Well, that too. So that's that's very big exclusive day about Sid Rosenberg and O. J. McTuffy. It's probably his publicity stunt. I leave it to Barry to be the one to write it there because he's trying desperately. Let's have another pharmaceutical crisis down on a front page in the Herald of day. Well, it's given the Herald. It's really fascinating to me. How every day, every single day now, the Sun sent us got one story about the Slots thing and the Herald story is almost diametrically opposed. Yep. Even in the front page. Or could be nine months. Could be nine months before the first coins are dropped in the old Slot is what the Herald says. It's like a practice key. Dragoner feet and dragoner feet. At least Castro got one thing right. He said that the jet bush was a Fed ass. I didn't say that for a long time. We passed your probably pick up my material. I sent that into you yesterday. I didn't know if they got it to you. No, they didn't. But I, I had son or wife said Fed ass coming. How could I miss that? Yeah. But this Slot thing, I guess, you know, they actually the Senate plan makes sense. Yeah, because the House won't go along with it. It's a sliding scale of taxation, depending on how much money they had. The House deal is aimed at trying to like kill it. It's aimed at trying to like, it's like the whole concept of tele-hassy who are in partnership for the per-mutuals and they do everything in their power to kill them. And it's the same thing now. You know, what kind of a partnership is that? Same thing with the House. Well, 55% tax rate, they can only have 1000 machines in each place in Yadiyada. It's just a bunch of crap. And it's typical sport. You'll be looking at every place else, not just up here, but look at Delaware and every place where the Slots came in and the per-mutuals are going to the roof and they're bringing it all this money for the state. And it's working like magic. It's working fantastic. And nobody forces anybody to go. If you don't want to go and lose your money, don't go. That's all. I'm going to a clock this afternoon. Make a nice contribution. Now, the Senate plan is 35% on 125 million and 55% on 500 million. Right. Well, that's okay. The sliding scale. Right. Why should there be any objection to that? Yeah. But of course, they're never going to make the 500 million if they don't let them have an unlimited number of slots. Or at least 2000. 2000 is a pretty good number. Woodbind's got 1700. They're going up to 2,400. But 17 numbers, 20. That's 20 key people, 20 millions every day. Believe me. Trust me. I can tell you. But not as far as a man, they just continue hanging on and hanging on and a matter of what the thing that it may as is me is that they're not like revolutions ought to be going on. Something ought to be happening. They keep having elections about different issues and the public votes are one way. And then it's like, well, we don't like it. And also, let's screw you. And then the poll comes out about your Fed as governor and 52% say, oh, we like them. Face down what? Face down what? Maybe they like a fat ass. Maybe that's where we're doing so well. Yeah, do you ever think about that? Maybe Florida is into guys with a big fat ass. The governor certainly doing well. Because although I'll say our performance certainly exceeds his. Jesus God. Where did they take that survey? Probably in O'Hamka. The lake O'Hamka. Turnpike Plaza. Pensacola. Two egg. And in downtown Miami. Yeah, no, in sweet water. And Halea. Yeah. Probably a rolls house. Now, peon, you know, you can be into an I'll all you want. But I mean, we both been in Florida for 100 years. And the fact that it matters is that it's a redneck state. It's a Yahoo state and to get outside of South Florida outside of the three year or four counties, basically. And it's like Alabama. Like Mississippi. Louisiana. It's a mug one country. That's it. How are you talking? Yeah. Yeah. How are you playing all those songs yesterday? Yeah. I like that. Well, I was going to maybe go to a music today. Maybe that's our new format. Oh, you can know that one. Huh? I know that one. Oh, yeah. Baskar. And you're going to go to the big girl because you're a singer. I have an interest rate. Oh, it's on my time. Oh, man. Call the notes. They were the and I were casino last weekend performing at the Falsby casino. I saw them a couple years ago in Las Vegas. Yeah. How were they? They were good. I heard they were very good. I have friend that went with me to the falls. And I didn't go to the show. He did. But I was to busy punching my guts out. But the same at the, at the help and they were good. And if you play your cards right, I can't, I don't know what the date is. But it's got to be very soon because it's almost the end of the year. Sometimes it's a separate way. Noones and falls view. Yeah. Yeah. There's a good reason for you going to Niagara Falls. He's going to be here too. Some fuzzy. Yeah. Next month's sad. How very sad. The wainer is. I don't think it has a lot of voice lift. Is that now we knew never wain highs in you talking about not Newton. I'm burned out on that. I'm going to say you find if not I just I can't I can't. I can't exert one ounce of energy. I don't care anyway. So who cares? Yeah. You don't you live in Toronto where you now have AJ Burnett. That, hey, I'm what about these blue days spending all of that money now? It's been in money like it's come out of a faucet. It's been a hundred twenty one million dollars on two guys. Right. And they're playing in a place called the Roger Center. I think it was nice to them. Yeah. Yeah. We named the state even honor of me. They're Roger Center. You haven't been there that long either. I don't care how many guys they sign. I have to compete with the red socks and the Yankees. That's not easy. They'll do it. We'll see. They'll be almost as hot as the Raptors and Leafs. Another would look warm. Right. Let's do it. Let's do it. Yep. Let's see. What we got today. We got Moe is back again today. Two days in a row. So don't I want direct TV? We don't have our direct TV. I'll be there. I thought that was being taken care of last week. Duff. You're fair. Yeah. They're all too whip up worrying about their own security. We can't discuss the reason a lot in the air. But they're all like there is a story here. And the thing is that we don't have. We don't have a site for the Christmas party. Really? So I'm probably we don't have room for any more trades on the log. I don't know what I have been working on the station. And so many trade outs on here is this place has got to ask you today. Who's got all the Rolex watches? You got one? No. I sure don't. Maybe George has got it. Yeah, I got it all right, but I didn't watch. Yeah. I just don't get where all this trade out stuff is going. Who's got the Jaguar as I know that? Yeah. I don't know. There's no, there's no, there's no. There's no, there's no. There's no, there's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. They're mostly at a site and then they've lost it, so now there is no site for it. I'll be damned. Let me say that there was no Christmas for you. Yeah. What would Brett do? New sales guy. Your you're you're boy at the beast was telling us the rest of that story. I think I better tell him the ear later about that meal down there at Bernice. That Bernie cocer. I stay cast now. They try to grab the beast's salad and everybody else's food. And just just a little bit harder. Grab the beast's food? Yeah. Easy? Oh, I've been around long enough. Where do we find these people? I still say that they must have its stamp in their forehead, loser, and big bullletters, loser, New York loser, willing to re-lock them. Most of the people from New York, I would say 90% of the people from New York who came to South Florida came because they failed there, so that's why they came to South Florida. That's not why I came. Well, you were just a punk when you came to South Florida. That's true. Although, Brett, he's just a punk too, all of these not going to succeed. I would say, like, by the birth of our country, by the fourth of July, he'll be law. He won't even be a memory. What if our cable would be fixed by then? What do you mean your cable? I mean, I did. I doubted. I was probably a lie about that. I mean, it was only 1,300 bucks. We could have taken out a collection among the employees, and if they're that desperate to pay the bill. Yeah. Any other questions on the weekend stock exchange that's on the NASDAQ, BBGI, and they can't get to direct TV crank them again because they won't pay a $1300 bill and haven't paid the bill for months and months and months and months and months. So, Brett, let me go to Wall Street and talk about this. Maybe we'll get it. Yeah, that'll really work. Yeah, they don't get it. What is no sense? Okay, please. These people are with no shame. And you recall that with our contract, we knew all negotiations. Not too many months ago. We call that whole episode. I guess it's about a year ago now. Yeah, for a time sure flies. That was a very pleasant time. I survived one year. Yeah. Two to go. Now how many suspensions in this year? Only one for one day. Solumente unon. I'm not too bad. No. Well, let's talk about David Samson. I'm due. Let's talk about the Marlin. I said. I'll talk about that food and a press box. But again, the best part of it is that people keep flying out to door at our joint. Because it was scooon that you got suspended twice over that bitch while she's long gone. So you can't, uh, I was on one suspension. Huh? That was only one. Nobody was, they, they used that as an excuse the first time. That was a live course. But that was the first time. Don't you remember when you were talking about the food and the press box was the real reason? Oh, I didn't know she had anything to do with it. Oh, yeah. Be your, making terrible comments about her and the water Nazi unacceptable about Greg's personal friends. Because that's basically what it is. It's a fraternity. You know that and we're on the outside looking in for a sorority. Well, that's another story. You fair anyway. Have a great day. You too. Got a break to do here any second. Okay. And, uh, say how to bread. Speak it a more. How do you? He's fans. Your mind me here releasing a limited supply of previously. He helps seats for sale in the general public. Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections. Tickets go on sale Tuesday. October 4th at 10 a.m. And start as low as $10. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. Publicity. For a limited supply will go fast call 1-800-4-MBA-6. Check out ticketmaster.com or any ticketmaster location. He fans, mark your calendars for Tuesday. October 4th at 10 a.m. This is the day individual games tickets go on sale for all heat home games. This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad. What's Jack? T-way. T-Won Walker and Gary. I don't know for a few of the delightful sounds of birds in your backyard yet live in constant fear of eating in flu. Well now you can enjoy our feathered friends and be safe at the same time with the electric bird bat. Oh hey look honey it's a brownhead and cow bird. It's beautiful and no longer contagious. The electric bird bat is wired with 50,000 bolts of bird flu eradicating power. Look honey it's a white rested night. It's a smoldering black rested nut hat. And if you ordered the electric bird bat now, willing to put a free box of polywanna and exploding cracker. Huh? Polywanna. The electric bird bat because dying of avian flu is for the birds. 10 13 and 5 16 every day can have a cute. And it gets good. If you'll be pleased to know that what's the pound of time in the west and happiness each have one vote now in our poll that's going on today. I'm sorry. I said it about that. Well no. I mean for more said it's already time for the first break. 10 14 and 5 60 WQM we got Moad 2 we got Bo or Curtis and 4. What kind of a schedule is that bowl or Curtis? Do we have enough date on that? Nope. Jesse Agro at 7 and we got the Panthers and Preview data clocked the Panthers at the Dallas Stars to play the stars with Mike Madano and Stu Barnes at 839 follow by the Head Camp on show. Rich room telling sound from your iPod we're talking of course about the power of the Bo sound, the actual music system. I keep hearing at the echo and I don't know what the less about now. No, well what did you have seen now to laugh at or what did you have open? You know I'm going to tell you I brave. I'll start this fight over in a second. I brave the coldest day I've ever I can't even imagine it being any colder in the yesterday. It was not the the wind chill was minus 17 and I walked blocks to kick goes to send out that FedEx. So when it arrives that you better kiss the package. Okay. Kiss your package. I will. He would double-do it. How's like great just walked in here? Who did? Guff? Yes. And was that about the schedule as a boar Curtis today between the 4 and 7? Boat. Okay. Let me cross that on the schedule. Okay. I started to say Rich Room filling sound from your iPod. It's the power of the Bose sound that digital music system of course it brings the music on your iPod delight even charges your iPod while it be planned. Sound and vision says you're bound to love what you hear and that's because only proprietary Bose technology lets you get the most in the music on your iPod. The system is friendly with iPod iPod many iPod Nano and iPod with video. It's sleek appearance. Stownlessly blinds with your iPod almost any room they core. It's easy to use even cups of they remote that controls the sound box system and basic questions if you're iPod from across the room. Not the room pellets out of the Bose sound. Digital music system will ever be new iPod experience. In Sird iPod, stick that baby in there and hear what happens. Experience the sound dock today at Target or Twitter or Shrupper Amor Gerer circuit city or Confusa or Apple or Best Buy. This is New Rogers. This is 5168. But now, Brought Technology is heating up even more. Introducing some microwave broth. The broth. With the built in microwave. Honey, I've got a surprise for you. Hey, is that a new broth? Uh huh. And there's more. Oh, fuck on. The microwave broth features two cups that quickly heat up two cups of coffee or soup or whatever your hungry man designs. Honey, I need to heat up the leftovers. Go ahead and help yourself. I can never get these things open. Ah, check that me do it. Tonight dinner is on you. With the microwave broth. The breast microwave ever. Come and get it. So, son of a walk out of the trial. I'm just like O.J. and what's the name walked out? Sid the Rosenbergstein golds, dual the word of his name. And they've adjourned the trial for December 21st. Any interest? Oh, no, who cares? 20 past 10 at 560WQA and speaking of Iraq. Only good news. So, I meant they good stuff. Suicide bombers attacked an Iraqi police academy and stood a killing at least three dozen officers and students and will need scores more on the day of scattered violence coinciding with the trial of the starting of the same. So, what does that mean coinciding with the trial? Has this been going on before the trial started? Yeah, but you know, they like to say stuff like that. I see. This is the Washington Post, the allegedly liberal Washington Post. The US military said the attack and critter on 1245 p.m. and when two men detonated explosive latent vest to the police academy and eastern Baghdad. Among the wounded was an American contractor, a military statement said it said, no US military personnel were in the attack. One of the bombers blew himself up near a group of students outside a classroom at the academy, thinking the stores was a mortar or rocket attack Iraqi police officer in students, slender a bunker for shelter and inside the bunker for a second bomber that made it his best worldblood shed and brought some stuff flying around. But then again, freedom is expensive, you know? 1710 votes on the police today. What radio station you listen to most from you, Zix. Zix, how far does a vast wasteland when it comes to music on your radio? Is it worthless as last year's halava? Don't listen to all sucks, 741, 43.3% that was my vote and I would tend to agree whole heartedly, even though I haven't heard the new, um, mega 94.9. How is it? How is the mega 94.9? Is that the, uh, the status? No. Yes, it is. Latin and proud. Right. Oh, I'm, excuse me, what about HDR? Is that the one I'm thinking of? The new rock station? Right. Yeah. Move along, nothing to hear here. Look, I said, uh, 4, uh, 42.3% that they all suck. Satellite radio 201. By the way, Howard is a heaven-sevel bulb movement today and the press will be there to cover them before he goes on serious satellite. WBG 130, about 30 minutes. Magic 101, love 94, 77, kiss 76, under ground slash pirate radio is 61. We're going to round your answers up and send you all the jail. The coast 47, while 133, HDR 32, the red-aligned hundreds asked KPS 28 even with their very low power now. WVUN 27, hot 105, not so hot only 26. WRMF 22, which is neither in the market. It's a Palm Beach County station with 181 watts. Power 96 21, not our crowd at all. And we totally disassociate from anything that we would ever submit. Some of our people will continue stealing their pizza. WBGNA 20, Magin 94.917, 17, your people. WBGDR 17, WLYF, life 16, the music of your life. And if that's your life, all I can say is, I have no life. 88.16, that's, what is it? Down in homestead in the ghouls in the ranger somewhere. WLYF 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18 17, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, Old City Desperate. 19inings, no hum bil이가 modify, violation of this state in financial inability to not look through any pain or much company, no problem finding family securities, nothing has anything to do with tax location, no theGHB Bank is completely funded by%. To� contrôle, graphic lifestyle, graphic view, NT, an apartment cost headache copy. So that's why people are very nervous. Anyway, very jackass rights. And if you weren't listening when Hank was on where you did our famous crossover, and a development that's bizarre, this is very jackass this morning in the prestigious Harold, okay, which it may be just another stupid ass publicity stunt, although it certainly isn't going to work. Because if people are listening women in the first place, they're not going to listen to find out, oh, are they on today? Are they talking to each other? And none of the people mentioned in this story other than Booster, and none of these people belong on the first place, Barry. You idiot, you're simple to do. You're fairy. And a development that's bizarre, even for the bizarre world of talk radio, Barry writes, seven-eyed in the ticket host, Sid Rosenberg, walked out of his show yesterday after an on-ear squabble with his pro host and former dolphins receiver, O.J. McDuffy, who doesn't belong on the air to say hello or goodbye. The station radio removed McDuffy from the air for the final hour of the program, John Weiner, aka Stu Gots, the Hupers former producer, who's that he's got a lot of money. Seven-eyed, he's general manager. Sid, notice his incident made about, you know what this is like? This is like if we said, Jesse Agler, the general manager at QAN, what are you laughing about? Oh, and Todd Keller, the program director, anyway, John Weiner, the GM, said, notice his incident made about what they'll continue to be paired together and send him to one PM so only now we'll have to get a scary portion of the audience and find out. Somebody needs to tune in to find out if they're on together because we're very concerned about that. McDuffy admitted he was upset because Rose and Berg while working alone didn't spend more time talking about the dolphins during Monday show. Well, why should he care about the dolphins? He's from New York anyway. He's probably a big jet span, you know? There's New Yorkers come down pretend to be dolphin fans. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. Rose and Berg apparently stumbled by the criticism walked out of the studio during the first hour of the program. Not a lot of these went down, he walks out. That's his thing. He keeps like taking a walk. I went off a little bit McDuffy said I didn't mean to go off. I just wanted to hear a little more dolphin love Monday. Oh, that that's just basically one of vomit. He's just happy they won. Yeah, where is the love? Berg is the love. I need some love. I need some notchists. But when somebody teach him the meaning of those Yiddish words, you're going to use Yiddish on the ear and I'll just figure out what they mean. I'll lend him my tape. I hope we can work together against his O.J. I'd love to work with him. We're good. We're family. But you sure is how not good. Rosenberg declined to comment. Mark Eisenberg, he got Rosenberg and Eisenberg and Goldberg. Who was replaced by Rosenberg? Eisenberg, who was replaced by Rosenberg last month. Handleber, finalized to his day's program. And I wonder what you'll find Berg. Thought about that. Huh? Find Berg, Eisenberg and Rosenberg and Goldberg. You following those at the pattern here? Oh, he was, he has been in former morals and arms to boog shambi about the only guy in this whole page here. 790s, so from Monday 4, his morning and offered to become a radio announcer for the New York mess. And if he hasn't taken, he's got to be crazy. Even Joshua Grees with that. I do. You have to be nuts. Number one, Mark in the country, the METS mess. Wow. Then he'd be, then he's got his sense to be like a superstar. The booster, who's got a lot of talent. Not a talk show. He was never going to be a number was. But a good guy. Well, until he teamed up and so him in Daniela Bastard hanging around, hanging it out together. After today's poll, which we'll get to momentarily, we already have over a set 739. And you'll be ecstatic to know that happiness has won vote once upon a time and the West has got to. And that's because, see, happiness is much too heavy and disturbing for this audience is too emotionally delicate. They couldn't handle it. Six, six, six, six, six. Really, Roger. Not as thick as they shall, but it's six. Five, sixteen, two, three. Watch. Five, you know. In the first few movies, he was tempted to get. But now his voice is changing. And he's getting scared. And on his uncle, him, he's growing further. That's a very bottom. Sure is a meeting here. He's finally getting awkward and far as my love can wait to get reminding. In the backseat of his heart, things will get the front face if he's sent them as he was. That little heavy bottom. Sure is a meeting here. Yeah. He's in the same place when it's the same thing. The same day, swimming, going through to the sea. When everything is going out, no, even the bathroom again. The same day, swimming, just swimming. The same day, swimming, swimming, swimming, swimming. Twenty seven, before 11, I'll take you word for it. Anyone in the next break, because the Bokadiscus downstairs. And I'm assuming that Muff is already auditioned all the Bokadiscuses and that they're A-OK. I'm assuming. I'm not talking bad. Well, to bad. So what I'll do is I'll play the Bipy for the break. And then, after the break, so you like double a double dip in there. You got it. A little bonus. I'll go down and pick up the distance. And we'll audition it on the ear. There's a bunch of like four letter words. Good. I bet that these are spyre ports we're getting on the phone. QAM, hello. QAM. I'm an extra three. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Mary, go in and make. No, it's listen. Do you watch our curvy in two-fiat some? No. No. No. OK. That a great episode yesterday, you're in this guy. He's an up-knocking cue when he found that. He was a gem tile. And it was pretty hilarious. Pretty hilarious. I'll be there. Well, with last two weeks, I'm not sure. You know what? Somebody to cue. I am, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. What is his good fiery port? You got it, right? I need to be the guy. I could tell you'd be the guy to give us the info. The low down. Jimmy Siffles is on the ear right now. Covering for both of those morons. Oh, my God. Jimmy Siffles is on. How can we compete with that? And he's trying to make excuses about all odds are going to be back. And he'd like to play the mediator on it and how good it is for the station. Almost got into an accident. I was laughing for a... How good is the station? What would it be? What does that mean? That a guy would be a little bit shy. Well, maybe the ticket to pick up our listener or two or three or maybe four or four. Oh, my God. Well, thanks for the bad news. Thank you, sir. See ya. Fan news for them. Good news for us. Jimmy Siffles is on. Listen, Jimmy, you're not a play by play guy, but a talk show host. Jimmy Siffles, Siffles, is... Wow. That is really a scary, you know what? Look at the phones. They're going like crazy here. WQAM, hello. I need to go to the morning nail. Yes, sir. This guy's going like talking with the fire reporter, but it's just amazing. They got a guy on there and it will not criticize anybody. He thinks ever. Yeah. He talked about two guys that it's the winner hour. As you wish, so I need to... It looks terrible upon that stage. Yeah, exactly. Well said. That's for you. Thank you. Now, well, obviously not too many because they still do it in a... Oh, here. Nice going, Joel. I find work in Eisenberg and Rosenberg and Goldberg and... Ann Greenberg and... And I'm a bird. And what about Bob Greenberg? Who? WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a question for you. What about Eddie Iceberg? Yes, let us. I think it was iceberg, but I saw this on the salad that Brett was trying to stealer from the Beast. Yes, sir. Go ahead. As far as this cutting run rhetoric from the Republicans towards the Democrats, why not embrace it? Why not say yes? We want to cut run. We want to get back to that. Yeah, I do that. The Democratic Party may soon be a lot of vomit. I saw that article this morning. I'm sure you did too about how the Democrats are all... Oh, maybe bad strategy to be talked about cutting run. The Democrats have to... They make it so obvious that they're political animals. They don't care about the fact we were led into war based on lies. No, he's innocent people are dying. All they care about is, will it play in P. or you know, Democratic Party deserves all the bad things that come to it. Most of them have bunch of whims. Nancy Pelosi finally grew up here and Howard Dean continued to open up a big mouth like he always does rightfully. So, and right away, oh, gee, this may not be good for us. Well, screw them. Including Romament, you will have a whole bunch of cowards. All right, Neil. You're right. I hope they all are low-pud Julie women. Okay. Man, speaking of Rosenberg and the Solomon Dershowitz. Duschowitz. WQAM, hello. Hey, hey. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Don't think I'm a president like that. That's bad. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Are you all right? All right. I listen to you every day. I love you, sir. I love you, sir. I was in the water. I was in the water. I was on a horse that fished the other horse. I was caught off of the horse. I was on the right-hand margin. Man, I've adjusted my margins at any health and... Well, I've done a lot of crap. Well, I've had off my to-do the other way. That's not fair enough to have a two-day escape. Okay. Yeah. Okay, that's what I was trying to do with John Duschowitz. I also participated in a bit of what we are. I'm having this done wrong. And brother and brother and brother and brother and brother. The story is going to go away. What did he say? Mr. Moment. Mr. Moment. I heard was... So it's landscape. I've lied. I've got a lot of things to do here. I've got to go down and get that package. Got a tune in here, little Jimmy. Sifflest. Not that guy. I can't hear that. Boy. Not doing enough harm to them. I was embarrassing. Who's in Sunday, Jimmy? But not be on the air to fill in to fill in. Well, then the sad part was Jimmy's a good guy. Like Hank. I liked Jimmy's Sifflest. He's the decent guy. But he's not ready for prime time anytime. Just not ready. You need to follow him, Sam. I'm thinking to be a great idea if they put him on there. A permanent from ten to two. Yeah. In fact when the Bush believes ten to three. Sounds like a deal to me, doesn't it? Sounds like a great deal. Oh yeah, take up that whole rating note that midday rating thing 10 to three all five hours. They're syphilis hour. And you know what that, you know I'm gonna play when we come back and under the Jimmy syphilis hour. I give up. I give it 40 guesses, Diam will be too happy about it. If they carry under were chick under head. It won't treat New York that was Jesus take the wheel. Hey, now for not nagging at the end of the day and it wasn't Jesus behind the wheel. You know what I'm saying? But it was some guy who snob like he been dead for 2,000 years. If I here's a new Kenny Chesley. Sunny day. Oh, that's K Chesley over here. He was married to that drawer from the Jerry McWyer, huh? She dumped him after she looked at it at cowboy hatting his and saw a grown dog worse than Julie Anne. Hey, isn't New York straight on WHK New York's only conversation. Hey, hey, hey, hey. George straight on WHK New York doing she let herself go. Obviously. I saw him about why not. Hey, hey, George straight with a last name like that. You'll never play Broadway. We'll be back with more country hits after these messages. Don't go nowhere. Heck, what I'll try. When it comes to this is New Rogers. This is 5.62. Hey, Sam. Dad, all the slime all the time. I'm gonna call you to the door door doors. Hey, Sam, don't be. I'm just gonna play New York doing something. Julie, Daisy. Oh, yeah. You're making a door. You're making a door. You're making a door. You're making a door. You're making a door. You're making a door. You're making a door. Oh, no. I'm just going to the door to do a fair thing. And stop going. I think so. I think so. Really, with this. Can you go just go right to the house? And if you don't have any sense of humor, we make so many. That's fine. It won't go straight to the door. It's just a funny thing. You're being too far to the door to the door. That's fine. I'm just going to the door. It's so famous. Hey, Sam. When I use my own book, I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. I'll go right back with my own book. Oh, speaking of that. Don't forget we got to Pantheor game tonight from Dallas with Gully and the silly S. Red D'Randy. Jeff Faxon says when Jimmy Sifle is doing the dolphins game and something happens to get him or said it he changes his voice and sounds just like F.L. Merman check it out to Jeff. I don't need to Jeff already who is many reports. And they all verify exactly what you'd be saying. F.L. Sifle is. Well, what kind of a team has a play by play guy named Ethel Sifle is anyway, huh? I mean, it's one of the Ethel Kennedy, right? Ethel Merman. But Ethel Sifle is. And thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices by the way. Speaking of Ethel. My good. You're sure I go for freedom. Oh yeah, freedom at the pump. 790 people are on a pool today. What's the pool today? Neal Wildtell you. Other than Godfather's part, the first one on the second one. And you know what's hiding in the state of part one and two? Yeah. Other than the Godfather's. What movie has had the most sensational acting performances? And maybe Godfather III would qualify for the greatest, the bad acting performance. But the best, the most sensational other was the movie. That's just a movie that was great, but that everybody who was in it was just outstanding. See, there's just aren't that many of those. Now, Cook was nest is way ahead. 134. And rightfully so. Why not? Everybody was great in there. From Mr. Martini. And the chief. And the chief. And the nurse. Right. And of course Mr. McRurphy. And Billy McRurphy. And Billy McRurphy. And Billy McRurphy. All of them. Charge anchored. Emption 806. In fact, actually, I think that movie was filmed at QAM. Was nith Koukou's nest. Charge anchored. Emption 86. Yeah, Mr. Mancini. Mantiney was a good of any bell. When Gary Glenn Ross 77, Scarface Fiddie by Fiddie. Puck up to now 49. God, God, follow us. Good fellow is 48. To kill a mockingbird, 37. Network 35. Schimmers list 32. Oh, I got to see that. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I get some my list. Doctor. Doctor strange. Did you watch the way to gun yet? No, but I got it. Why not? I'm saving it for the weekend. Gosh, dang it. I go and spend all that money. Amazon.com. And I zoom that thing down there. It's in your hands yesterday. Right. And you're still squeezing it. I'm telling you it's pretty good. I can't wait to watch it, but this weekend. It's better than tin. And tin was fine. And I mean, nothing wrong with tin, but it's better. Schimmers list 32. Doctor strange list 32. Mystic River 24. I remember the Mystic River bridge in Boston. I think I saw the Mystic River. What is that? I don't know. I didn't see it. Well, Google it. It sounds like I've seen it. I'm pretty sure I'm talking about it. I did see it. What is a good performance is to be sure. Well, that's what I hated. That's all right. Just about one. Someone gets accused of a crime. They didn't commit in blah, blah, blah. Oh, well, what's that kind of doing with the Mystic River bridge? I don't think it is. I think it's the Mystic River. Anyway, it's got nothing to do with the Ringland. Unlike harmony, for example. Gone with the wind 23. The excess is 23. On the waterfront 23. Hey, Stella. He could have been a contender. Marlin Brando and Lijay Cobb and what's your name? Eva Maurice St. King 9 muting the 18. Wasn't that the one that Robert Francis was in? Great said, teeny, yeah, 16. Magnolia 15. That's not actually doing better than that. But like you said, nobody seen it. Easy rider 14, recurring for dreams. There's a lot better. Oh, yeah. Gazing in the earth 11. Master's balls nine should also be doing much better. Chinatown 7, Sunset Boulevard 7. They're not old enough to remember Gloria Sponson. I'm ready for my close at Mr. Dan. Move on, Rouge 4. We're window 4. That does said that was his favorite. You're fairie. And I'm sure in Canada, for once upon a time and a month to And happiness, solamente unal out of 823 was only one. I think they liked it. They're just afraid to admit to it because we're going to think They're all a bunch of pedophiles. He wasn't the only character in the movie. I mean, he was tragic and pathetic. But the movie was really about the parents and the three daughters. The whole family, the whole dysfunctional family. And Ben Gazar was daddy and Louise Lasser was mommy and it We're like their marriage was all screwed up and it We're like part and company and he was sleeping on the couch and Also sleeping with other dysfunctional bitch in the condo. And the daughter's all three of them were screwed up. The one became the famous writer and she was sexually, She had problems. She had issues. They all had issues. To say to least, and then of course there was a Watson name was married to the pedophile. So that was a big part of her problem. Plus the fact she was a simple little an November. And the other one was the joy. It's just a little bit slow. So that's why I think of that thing on passions. Where everybody hates each other. The fictitious town that it takes place in a new England is called Harmony. So you see the irony there is called Harmony. Everybody's in each other's throat. I get it. And in this movie, the most dysfunctional of the three daughters, which is saying a lot, her name was Joy. Right. Who is the most joyless creature you've ever seen in your life. She was just a mess. And actually, a mess. Her life was a mess. She looked a mess. And of course, that version that she might have been a sac with, he was a real mess. And also a thief. At least he told her he was a thief. Hmm. Can I at least have my guitar and CD player back? Oh, that is so good. So it's a great cast. And of course the dog. Yeah. He didn't have a lot to do with sent to the very end. But he sure, he did just the right thing at the right time. Anyway, they don't like it. They didn't see it. They have no idea what it is. You know what, most of you are better off. Mayor James E West, mostly rough as this month after voters we called him in a special election sparked by allegations used. They city computer do a gameman over the end. That this is the spoke hand mayor we called him last night's election. West, 54, whatever he's kind of Randy West. Mostly this position when the election results are certified December 16. He hasn't been charged with a crime yet. But if we are agencies computers from a summer's far-down investigation, I said I'd divide by the world of the voters. Obviously, they've spoken when said I'm at peace with their decision and disappointed. The recall election was lost by local residents Shannon Sullivan who said she felt vindicated by the results. The first performer Boy Scout executive in Sheriff's deputy was elected mayor of Spokane in 2003 after serving more than two decades as a conservative Republican in the state legislature where he voted against gay friendly bills. A little more than half of the 110,000 ballots mail the voters were counted the first batch results for the last night. Of those 65% voted to recall them only 35% said I'll leave men there. The old pervert. The recall campaign began after the spokesman review newspaper reported in May that West was a closet home assessual who visited gay chat rooms using his own city owned liaison laptop computer and offered internships and other favorce the young man he hoped to have sex with. How do you like that? And there. You're fair. Yeah. So he's I told you that was a good news. The spokesman, what is it? spokesman review. The spokesman? The VM right a comment. At a what? No. Let's get some more movies for this poll. I got the new book of Brian this to his medical care. No, I would be with the holidays. He said a lot. If you can't be an eye at this sighted dude, step out of the territory and spread the legs of Joyce around you. If you help the people, you can't get some money. Now. My beloved old dad, old dad, I. You're my mom. That's okay! How come? Chew Paul S Get back to school! My little I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I was a good start. But that was a good start. Here's a good confess to that idea. I'm gonna put this on in myself. I figured if I put them on there then when do you folks gonna do 12 Officers replace it? Oh that's a good movie. It's about a jury. OK And their deliberations, gray activity, some of the all time best. 10 lean may eve will have set of films. 10 VCDM merrice. but full it's really great. 12 Angry прибらい about six.ious. It's got to be ten five six production, five six six five sixy, ten five six and of forty seven. wireless line Jimmy syphilis what's what's your name effilis For the our glam over there another station when I spend said the Rosenberg since when is he a guy and Ojamek Duffy we know about him very sad and and guess who wants to job over there midday fresh draper He said he's got to get out of this place. He wants that job. He wants to be a star. He said he's not a sales guy Which we already know that he wants to be on the radio he wants to be a superstar And we could never compete with Troy could we? No, he's gonna go far my people compete with Jimmy, but we couldn't compete with Troy. No, not a chance W 2 AM hello Okay, sir Donnie Darko yeah That ending over you right to move at the end of the acting was good He's the kind of movies and then we'll propaganda movie Charhead, okay, thanks, honey Thank you That's charge our banks Yeah, I fold it so Johnny Darko you got that and we got to you haven't seen that either Hey good movie for a good movie, but then the ending is a cheese Yeah, you do that. I'll wait until that's okay. Wait until I said okay Come any QAM hello The girl one football Sent of a woman who I got on the pole in better not be that is just yeah That'll be on the pull of the most overrated crap I'd a hear center of a woman and he got the academy work for that all the other great performances But you know is done and that's one the most horrible movies you could ever even begin to imagine that the sense that they're talking about It's got nothing to do with a woman. It's a set of like as the night dog would say the stench of commoner Oh my god just overacted the point of just nausea and Mostly by him He's just an angry annoying yourself That's okay, see because crap shells put something good. I don't know we want to have you do with it. You know, but if it's crap They love it speaking of fast food 1056 at 560 WQ a m speaking of crap for international development. Oh God And you notice how see it and every day now. He's gonna do that. Why he's peddling trying to get published a port for the war And we're gonna be right there to help him if he's speaking we talking to himself in the team room We're gonna put it on the years so we can like persuade the work in public that all this death and destruction and budget is good for the world It's good for you Dry concepts is going strong man. I've been talking about them for over 20 years now because I've been using them in my home for that long But with a holly's upon us. It's send me to call to have your home sanitize not just your carpeting all kinds of All of these all of these things as well like a poultry cleaning leather cleaning drip recling your regular rug cleaning water damage restoration Pet odor treatments mattress cleaning of dust mites and so much more and during this month during December Rye concepts has got a special offer to keep you sleeping like a baby no matter how clean your home is It's almost impossible to eliminate those nasty microscopic dust mites And you also know that dust mites are the number one cause of allergies. They're opinion in the arse So do yourself in a favor your family a favor get rid of those dust mites They by calling dry concepts So whether it's your carpeting your repository leather furniture drapeery or a garage or this month special Dust mites cleaning the only company ought to be thinking about his dry concept leader with phenomenal job at a very fair price And a written guaranteed price to up front before they start doing their spectacular job and datebrow to the palm beaches called right concepts toll free 1-800-248-507-1 That's 1-800-248-507-1er log under their website at Dryconcepts.com don't forget what dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain at two nights This is the new Roger show This is your brain What Any questions? Here's my story said but true A bottle girl calls it from their soul And had a bug and ran it around Give it to every guy in town Hey Hey Hey Oh Hey Oh Oh Hey Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I'm a little too little down Give me a word for a word She likes to sleep around Yes, we did it with my best in hell We did it without the call Now I'm afraid it's falling off Here's the moment where I'm going from a guy who knows You have a whole web as fun as snow Every day full of that she ever snores A key for a pharmaceutical that's so weird That's the super question that I just talked to myself And we put 12 angry men on the floor or not Yeah, we did Where the hell is it? Right there Right Right there You're sitting on it because it's right on my pool Oh, okay, I see what happens the Eric kind of screwed up the Oh, I'll fix that Oh, I understand in other words that the went on tomorrow's poll It went on tomorrow's poll Well, this is what happened. We started doing all these polls at the same time Well, no, that is well In other words, we can't walk in two gum at the same time We got zero four disease We make an adjustment Yeah, that and here goes the a carapactive heating adjustment Okay, cut the crap So Well, as the other one, see there were a couple other ones that we had put on there And I noticed it's the same pile that we had started with Well, I'll tell you this place I think I want to pull a sitting Rosenberg and walk out That's what does it just, it's a bit of impolicing He's done from pages of papers tomorrow I could be with my my 1130 What are you laughing about? What are you laughing about? What are you laughing about? Yeah Every dancing we try to do is better be careful Can we get this done? Come on, let's just slap it on there, Eric You tub a garbage All the ways we want to find job again These poles ready for me to like switch, switch to pole And what the hell? How would that fit into Mars pole? I don't think that everybody fits in He don't understand it, and you don't want me to explore it I don't want you to explain to me I just want to see 12 angry men because it'll get a lot of votes Anyway, what's this thing you just just sent to me? Consider you to do set a conversion campaign They're the other page if you want it No Okay Trying to counteract a loss of membership in a vitality And what are you doing? I want to do this is a principle of groups They can serve it at the moment Yesterday, last week, the leader said It will be an aggressive effort to convert to duties And the Gentiles, spouses, and children of Jews We've read outside the faith in other words, go ahead The movies are break with centuries old Jewish tradition Of shunning conversion efforts In other words, live and let live And a version traceable to the That's the only pretty much only two good things I could say About Judaism is that and the cuisine Deli Other than that, to hold with it In a version traceable to the hostility That's such an effigy-interpreting country with Christian Or Muslim majority, even the US Jews didn't consider the idea of converting Gentiles Until late 20th century The new policies needed to preserve Jewish families in the face of High rates of intermarriage and assimilation among American Jews Said Rabbi Jerome M. Epstein Chief Executive Officer of the Addstone and Gargabah Tell us a bunch of facts Here's something more important Okay Governor Jeff Bush said yesterday that's your fat ass Governor Jeff Bush that he was honored The Cuban president of Fidel Castro referred to him as president Bush's fat little brother in Florida See, I'm not the only one who's got a fat ass Black dome governor Even even that bearded jerk Fidel knows that it's out there Everyone can see it now Castro made the comment while wondering if the governor would help They suspected anti-cubed terrorists out of the US Quandra transcript released Monday and is November 17th Speech at the University of Havana Students responded with laughter I'm flattered and honored fat ass Bush said with a smile but then turn serious I will take any criticism from Fidel Castro All people is an honor given the fact that you know Abonion people I believe live on the island Abonion people are repressed and it had been that way for 40 or 50 years Thank God we got free honest elections in Florida, Jim And then when the people of the state vote for something you have to Man and make damn sure that they get what they voted for Not To be criticized by a man like that who's repressed people For such an extended period of time as a high honor Bush and he can call me whatever he wants Oh how about ass fuck how about that? Okay that would be good This is a good one for the poll If we get it on there deliverance Yes it is How we ever leave that out Just look at our mind Even Ronnie Cox is good now We can't stand him he just gets on my nerves He's always nebisi you know That's why he's supposed to be That's right And that movie anyway In his speech Castro insisted his comment was intended as constructive criticism Forgive me for using the term fat little brother the Cuban leader said It's not a criticism rather a suggestion they do some exercises and go on a diet Don't you think I'm doing this for the gentleman's health Bush 52 this is a quarter of the son several article Bush 52 is put on a few pounds since taking office in 1999 About 30 men and October he told people to tell the hassy elementary school that he hasn't been walking enough It's so diverse to wear a pedometers and take 10,000 steps a day to keep fit But Bush managed only 735 steps that day How much 735 steps is? Probably just not about our men's big Lincoln cotton in the door If we have clinic where his whole family is hanging out and then back in the limo again Let's see training day Why are there no wallmarks in Iraq too many targets? That's cute That's the honor like that Training day for the police got it We got it. We got it. We're going to add these on there. We just just Played with an empty deck here. We're good now. I see is the Donny Darko is on there in 12 angry men Which 12 angry men's already got no votes And then this one training day training bra training day symbol crab. Let's be going to crap I say go to the World Financial Community. Oh god, it's just pop pop pop pop Why don't you just make it all bush all day instead of CNN it's A, B, I, D all bush all day Man, and those Orthodox Jews don't think it's a some kind of a juice station How bond and that what it is A, B, A, D How bond Dominic, who I am hello Dominic, who I am hello Yes sir Yes sir No, it's a documentary There are no acting performances in that 2911 That's that's the sad part People like Dick Clark, they're not acting. They're acting natural That's really good. My cute. Yeah 911 sure it was a net to be cute Yeah, oh yeah There's like a lot of people that sit out there for hours and I was, What can I say, I What can I do at the really bust his ball, what can we do, I like that Friday's payday, maybe not going to spend as big fat one headed my way in There probably a big fat one headed your choice way to, be able to afford it On Friday because you got your bonus check in there from the reading from the summer book It was like this is a middle December, he's getting the bonus from a summer rating book That that, that's just pathetic is what that is Whatever. Yeah my life not to mention maybe getting me in first role. I money that you got no Oh, you already got it. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, all right. Oh, right. Well, wait a minute Let me just I as a true like to cancel that birthday check. Yes WKOM hello 1st on a key WKOM hello So yes, sir. Yes, sir. I want to big and plead with your audience to please not buy Chinese This Christmas or any other Christmas. Why is that? Because there's a bunch of comics man and all I'm Yeah, there we go again. It's all you know man. Come on is the communist. There's a billion in little Chinese man and if we're for the Chinese Have all of the debt of this country you'd be you'd be right now. I stand in the supply. Okay It was for the freaking Chinese The really sad situation money is they're gonna say I'll guess what we change your mind to have with you in your current and by the way That thank you also Mr. President for that great American dollar Canadian dollars all of it to 86 and a half cent all brother. What was us? Thank you, Mr. Rappuchmeister and In the famous phrase to seize the feet from the jaws of the coming victory there you go That's it. That's what he knows how to do season the feet from the jaw from anybody's jaws Just like a Brett was trying to do season season lunch from other beast jaws Oh That's dangerous activity. Yeah, some of you ought to tell Brett you don't be trying to steal any of the beast food that dinner any other time In the end I'll leave it to the beast to tell the whole story next week when Josh's an invocation and beast is sitting in there I'll let him tell the whole story about his experience with our sales whole bread from New York or real jackass in idiot Nice hire there again, man I'm telling it last few years this radio station has made some of the most phenomenal hires I'm surprised we didn't hire said Rose the sub Rosen Blatt's theme. No whatever name is burry for this way Oh, that's right. He probably be available pretty soon 12 in fact listen, Moe hasn't been able to do a show with anybody else everybody else He's a little falling out with it's one of those things hard. Yeah, we're here with a partner Maybe Moe and Sid right and Sid the kid. What do you say got a lot of contact right? From New York right the both the good Jewish boys The both on the temperamental side right? There you go. I think I think that's a winner. Oh, sorry, Stu got's 12 at a Sanctuary level at 560 W QA and Pompano Park racing in poker is all like punching action You want featuring live harness racing and the great poker card room Pompano Park is open every Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday and vegetable I've mission in parking like always their free at Pompano Park come root home a winner from the railroad You're a poker in the smoke free card room with tournaments every day Also of course, I'm locating every single day seven days a week with harness turbo high-eye action from all across North America Post time is 725 and a PM in the card room We're Moe for Zed Noon so let's done our W doing it. Tell me you're a fine dining in the top of the park Restaurant is 6th floor every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night at Pompano Park with draft beer hot dog So does and lots more just a bucket piece Pompano Park a block south of the Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road call 954 972 2000 for all the information and racing schedule Or visit their website at pompanopark.com Don't forget to poke a room opens in less than an hour noon today and live racing tonight and every Wednesday Friday and Saturday now at Pompano Park This is a meal Roger 16 Sports Abs Five six feet 100 My Eauzyo Producing is at a younger public in sclin rally You and by now I guess he's just hanging around And meanwhile I'm stuck with this kid over here. I know most every big shot board off in the city What are you Josh? You listen to me my unselleried in time friend. I'm on the funeral Well you listen to me. I salary the butt in experience friend The new two years now. Well you listen to me my younger lady friend 27 well you listen to me my old enough to be my younger sister friend Not getting they might erase something you know what they're proper? will jased on died did it well you listen of him I am home, the child like friends Oh no Not again dysplasia sich I get a little normal All alone So after all this time we finally found out he was actually extricating Martians from his fans. That would not think will be very is that's right. Although Dinglebury is certainly going well this time of the year. Kind of a holiday song. Dinglebell Rock. 884 votes on a poll. Moving with the greatest acting performances everybody is fantastic. Of all time. Unflow the cook is missed one for 53. Nobody's going to catch that. Shark tech redemption 96. I'll take your word for it. Ben Gary Glenn Ross 83. You're fairie. Apocalypse now 56. Good fellows 56. That's not no. Well whatever. Whatever you say. I like to move even to say that all the acting was great. Right. Right over there. Right over there. Right over there. We're kind of right over there. That's not a good coach. It was alright. It was a good movie. But I don't know. Scarface 54. Paul Servino would have been and I'd say he's got a shot. To kill a mockingbird 42. Network 37. Should have a lot more. You. I just did too many Josh courtes is running around out there. It's just don't get it. I think the movie is way above most of the people in the USA. They don't comprehend it. They don't get the significance of it. Dr. Strange Love 33. Schindler's list 32. Mystic River 27. George says it was really depressing. It was. Heavy on. Huh? Heavy drilled up the depressive. On the waterfront 25, the excess is 24. One incredible acting. Leja Cobb was great. Answer the question father paranoia. He was really good. I just lovely Jay Cobb. Maybe it's that ball spot. Gone with the win 23. King Mutly 21. Magnolia 17. Great Santini 16. What is her name, Blife Tanner? Yes, Blife. She's good. Requiem for Dream 16 should have been much higher than that. Should be zooming up to list. Are you kidding me? I thought I looked right in that movie. Even the male man was good in that. The doctor was fantastic. I was like almost every doctor ever seen. He never even looked at her once. Never even looked at her. This here's some more pills. And she's sitting there like her. Teeth are chattering away and she's like got bumblebees grown over. Easy writer 14. Gangs in New York 13. Monsters valls 11. Chinatown 8. Sunset Boulevard 7. Mulal Rouge 6. Mentor and candidate 5. We're window 4. Once upon a time in the west 3. Training day 1. 12 Angry Men 1. Happiness 1. Happiness 1. Money Dark O'Rugan. Now I didn't pull once a time in America because James Woods was in it. Okay. It could choice. What do you mean? You think that belongs to your own? I would do fine. There were a lot of very good acting. There were. But. But the time at ends you forgot all about it. What do you mean by that? Because it's so long. It's gasping for air by the end of it. Oh. Yeah. It goes down for about 20 to 30 hours. Keep your office straight anyway. 5. 5. 60 pound 5. 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. 2AM. Hey. Me. Are you doing? Okay sir. Let me just turn you down here. Hey. What about Danny Brestod? That was a great film with great acting. You're right. I agree. I agree with that. I do. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Don't want to vote for Johnny Diffson or he's like a he doesn't look freaky in that movie. Danny Bresto. I've got a lot of Dippy doing his hair. He's got a frizzy. Has he done that? Glad you finally saw that movie and for me begging for yours. What's that? Donnie Bresto. I got it in the other shelf in the other. I never forget about three times a year. Well, listen. I get emotional when I see my buddy Johnny Deaf. I think back to that day when I had my chance. 3 to Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. A-Neal, how are you doing? All right. I got one for your full. Yes, sir. Pop, I. The movie. Yeah. How many Q-A-M? Hello. K-K-K-K-K-K. Um... Um... Your real pricing, so-how do you have to get company sa Hadayin's your eval, either of them or you love their lines. You're different from me because they have made me so I had that nice learning training. You can talk to yourself. All right. What an impact this man has had in his brain. aqui inn, here and two by the way. Hey, fuckING ON. Hang on. loosely. Whoo. K-K-K-K-K-K. Hello. K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K. You ain't gon mess with NY. You mori-o So more of the week at best, I'll teach you that best. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello Sounds like it. QAM Yes sir. I don't want to go. Uh huh. You're awakening. It's a weapon. Yeah, with Robin Williams and Robert DeNiro. Okay, I'll take you word for it. Robin Williams was in it and he's talking about great acting. I'm a little bit of a scratchy troll not to go over it. But I don't know. I've been not to get in sick after that long walk I made this day to the little bit of package. That would be freezing cold. Minus 17 wind chill Celsius. Oh brother. It would be all shot. Huh? That would be all Josh's fault. No, that's exactly correct. Hey, you're just a good guy. Is that federal area or what? It's dressed a huge. All right, I'll keep checking. Keep checking. And if I get sick, since it's going to you, just hang on to it. If I get sick before the end of the show. All right. I think you're feeling better already. Yeah. Since Josh got you sick, he ought to do the show. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good, pal. I'm also happy to let you go to the birthday church. Well, baby. I thought an African queen. I agree with that. The African queen? Yeah. Yeah, we'll have to be more bird. I know the movie. I see it. Yeah. I was going to say 12 and remain. But George said that we see that. That is excellent. That is the next one. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thank you. Thank you. The African queen and Johnny Manters was not an animal. We've been contrary to a lot of popular rumors. Hey, Johnny. You're fair. So what do we got here? I'm not going to read the top ones because pooplessness is way. Donnie Darko don't have any. We had almost gone her voice. We're going to do a thousand again today. Holy crap. All right. I think I'm illin. Oh. We're going to look a little bit of a scratch. It's not a good sign. Deliverance. None. Donnie Brasco. None. That's just what I'm tapping his eyes only one. They hate that. They haven't seen it. 12 and we've been one. The ones at a bottom ain't got a chance. Training these got two. And that's that. I thought we put a little bunch of other ones on there. They're all there. Have I got pardon? No. That's that's how many from the bottom. Those are the ones we put on the new ones. They ain't doing nothing. They're not doing spit. Now, I don't see anyone that we put on this morning. That's got more than like, I wanted to or several of them. We got. Oh, big. Oh, oh. By the way, the big always going over across the street. He's going to be doing mid days. Him and the top cover are going to be doing mid days over to 790. Now, we like top cover. Let's keep them around. Hey, Todd. You're fairy. What do you say? Yeah, I don't know him. Have I ever met him? I don't think so. No, that's good. Good guy. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Some of those people in the afternoon that he works around in near and next to and stuff like that. But we don't want to go into that. We don't want to do personalities. Like somebody says, we don't want to get into personality. It's a bit better there. And let's, of course, if somebody did that destroyed our day, where is the love? Where is the love? This is new Roger's. This is what the Gordon is. This is 516. Keeping with the high standards of broadcaster, in the tradition of Edward Armero's scene at now, 560WQA have presents now seen here with no holiday. I just don't have any. I'll say here. Gotta know, gig in. And if I am so curious to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is to. Now see here who did more for radio. Neharodges? Oh, holy Oscar Anderson. Huh? I said, he was a man of the same. That's who? But what thing? He was the mayor of boarding radio. And I think he had no man. Why the boy Oscar Anderson saying nice word. Oh, he had a... And there are no singles, welcome on the MOTHERDement, with the Dojo noise. I sure, that there that's a Neal, singin' that a discouraging song about David, Go The Dojo, Dojo, Nohery. And then a Fag of The One, he writes a minute and then he'll sing some. Now you know he's queen, because real men don't sing. Oh, again. And another, who you must grade this? With a lot better than Neal, too. That thing is what made him get pastings. I'm the next one, Storm of the... How sexy! Who made a better cup of coffee? Is this Olson? Or Juggie Robinson? Yeah, man. Now see me here next time for a mowing digdance. On... Now see here! Not there over here. You'll never guess what Louis was on last night. The Jackie Robinson story. Get on. True story? Or did I watch it? No. 1132 to the 560, but Molotay, all about. I'm sure he's probably got a copy on DVD and on his DVDs at home. Well, he's picking out their... versions. Here's a fact that says, for your list, any of the Melverse movies, he always had the best stars, Harvey Corman, not Gorman. Gene Wilder, Terry, Gar, Madeline Con, Madeline Con, what about her? The guy with the eyes, Igor, and Marty Feldman, right? Tom Gullaby's at center. Well, that's fine. But there's a comedy. So, hey, how can you have the best acting in the comedy? That's acting. No, no, I know the acting. But, huh? I would give it to you, Frank, and Stein if we were going to put a comedy on there. Young Frankenstein? I. No, I'd go along with that. That was good. 560, 50, how about the Reincarnaisian and Peter Proud? Say, I like that movie. I don't think you and me are the only ones that ever saw it. What's that? The Reincarnaisian and Peter Proud. I'm just joking when I say that, huh? And the acting was good. What's it that a TV movie? No, it was not a TV movie. Are you crazy or what? Well, I mean, I don't TV. Well, of course you saw it on TV. Back then, sooner or later you see everything on TV. No, not back then. I saw it on the theater. OK, it was a, in the theater movie. The Reincarnaisian with the, what's his name? Michael Serzim and Jennifer O'Neill. Right? OK. You know, you don't think so. That's why I'm a DMDB in it. And the actress had played her mother. Oh, she was really something. Because the mother, that was his, wasn't a story. That was his wife from the previous life. Yeah. I forgot. I was a little child. Come on. That was, he was reincarnated as a Peter Proud, but he was in his previous life. He was her husband. OK, here's what it says. Oh, and I, look at this. Uh, huh? I've been throwing a lot of lists away, but they make at least one good point. How could you have a pull like this not have the following? And then they say, gone with the wind, first move with the cursor. Well, gone with the wind is on there. What is wrong with you? You're chewing us out. And if you look at the pull, you'd see the government when it's on there. Do them cup, it's got 24 votes for Christ's six. All this is so far to for you, man, no matter what you do, how could you do this? And not by the end of that. How could God of course go away to win. It's on, it's got 24 votes, Schmuck. According to this, yes. Margot Kitter was in that movie. She played the mother. Marsha Curtis. Wow, how old is Margot Kitter, 100? There no, Marsha Curtis played the mother. Oh, what did Margot Kitter play? Tenis? Marsha Curtis. was her that was Margot Kitter like I said that was her name in the movie the character was Marsha Curtis and I was Margot Margot Kitter I just told you that. It's an old movie what's year for them will be about sixty something seventy two so what was a year? seventy five seventy five said how old about thirty years old I movie so in other words if she was not you're right. I'll see play the mother she was like maybe sixty-ish and then movie or fifty something anyway but yeah would make up she can play whatever it else she wants right previous wife Margot Kitter right for two full metal jacket saving private Ryan close impression danger Lenny Bruce don't know the title dog day after new and of course don't know the title I saw the Lenny Bruce movie and by the way you know and then I was pretty lame yeah had its moments but it's done see they don't even understand the the audience is called the the Lenny Bruce story well whatever was called but dog day afternoon certainly all the acting performances were sensational and the dog day after now yesterday where I can't pick a bad one at a car and a dinner course I'm dying on the hand right at a car okay dog day after no of course straight away was in there yes he was and he was not gay okay make sure everybody knows that he's not gay the reporters are telling people that I'm a home of a second and of course Al Pacino's husband I mean wife I whatever that is I can't stand him by the way I don't I can't either I already told you that many many times he made his beefies I hate Chris Miranda and he was always in it was in that Dracula movie yeah he was horrible and that not Dracula but in some sort of that one of them they're part of the front right with a Roddy McGo do Ferretti he's dead you fast dead right night that was it right night which I like that movie because it's interesting people but Chris remain and I cannot say it bugs me and you noticed that in the movie he not only he was a not just a regular fan part but a gay fan part but I don't stand he floated all over the place no he had a boyfriend in there but anyway Lenny Bruce so what are we putting on there any of these dog day afternoon got it Josh are you following this yeah what and I put saving private Ryan on saving Ryan's private yeah that was good you wouldn't like it why's that I'm a good no send it panel of who's sliding scale tax rate for slot machines it's a good machine man what are we gonna do about this soldier making scandal you know what it is what I don't know what make one up hoping to boost the dollars that would flow from slots into Florida's public school the Senate committee yesterday a four days sliding scale tax rate on the machines that is far lower than the house once the Florida House and your fat ass governor that's where the problem lies right there I said we bring back time and Roth is what we need in Florida if we live at the number of machines and set to buy a tax rate that we drive the revenue to places we don't get any tax from said billed supposedly Republican of rock led referring to untouched in the in gaming all will do is kill a little golden goose we have if we over regulate I wonder how you can see the fine finger of Mickey Erison and some people's records hold the attention and also of course those Bahamas people and certain others while the house bill calls for a flat 55% tax rate on slot machines the original Senate bill set to tax rate at 45% this revives center plan will put a 35% tax on the first 125 million dollars in slot revenues and use a sliding scale that would pick at 55% on all revenues greater than 500 million the Senate plan makes a lot of sense that's why it couldn't happen makes a lot of sense legislative aimless of tool lawmakers that tax lower a lower tax rate will bring more money in the state for education Senate regulated industry chairman Dennis Jones Republican of several said he believes there is strong support in the legislature for the Senate plan saying the struggling per mutual industry needs the help and he happens to be absolutely correct bill packed Jones committee in a tent and nothing vote but senator see killer democratic hell and they'll be forced out so go along it is my belief that I will not be reasonable said killer what it would just like to struggle for the expanse of expanded gambling and after being hung by their ankles there's no way the full sentence that a pass a 45% tax industry lobby said this week they hope that the special sister result in bill that's commercially reasonable while the house in Senate agreed that browns for per mutual's pop at all part the in a high line how they would bring a lot of most in part can put in biggest us lot machines the big hang up remains the taxation rate and number of machines each facility will be allowed and we can only hope that your first trial is a masculine child and the first machine will be a good machine man there a lot of negotiations going on at a very high level said Jim horn former state senator and education commissioner was now is a spokesman for all of the precoceros the owner pompino part wait to see what happens he said right now I'm not confident about anything I don't blame you Jimmy I don't blame you man when you're in Florida when you have that fat ass governor all day rednicks for just trying to sandbag the whole deal with the voters voted on a long time ago which was supposed to be resolved back on July the first and today is the seventh of the city oh by the way it's a day to live in for me you know that wasn't it's the seventh of December what do you mean why is that a day that live in for me oh that's wrong with you man sorry we're not American history what's wrong with you yeah pearl harbor yeah Bailey the twenty-two noon I'm very important that's that has a goal it won't you come on pearl Bailey is that jacked Bailey if you don't know on that's what is jacked Bailey this is five six little silver and so I did it why hey Martha you're far to do eleven forty five fifteen bill no to Q a m we got the the mole man a two and then we got the bull for uh my dog at four no my dog today and they'll be back tomorrow though for a year since the leading three hours bullet for and then we got Jesse agro at seven or focus we got nobody else i want to work just one hour pants and preview at eight tonight pants and dollars stars eight thirty any interest no and then any can't for the hockey you leave hockey game speaking of religion christian group pulls well spargo accounts focus on the family of jester donation to gay rights group you see what's going on now i see it out of control just out of fricken control ggw get your a video and maybe get it on dbd go in one wild the conservative christian group hocus focus focus on the family has closed all as well spargo accounts because the San Francisco bank contributed to a gay rights group that promised to use the funds to fight the anti-gay industry a focus on the family official would not disclose how much money the organization kept with wells fargo uh it's primary bank but said the non-profit groups in comes on forty six million last year we don't expect corporate american to do our bidding on the issues but when they use the proceeds for our business and give them to others who copper so we've had we say enough is enough said toman we overseas pubic policy for the organization focus on the fan by the way i'm doing a narrow hulls meant to look for this one of these is called rickola okay well i just want to get like sick you know having brave those cold elements if they'd like an idiot like a fool should have happened again couple of bucks right right moron idiot or i should have just waited another day instead of getting another bums rush put on focus on the family's move follows a recent state of conservative boycotts and other actions against large companies that support gay must be in causes including wall greens drug stores and craft foods and both of which contributed to the gay games craft foods what adjudges least favored people conservative groups have also targeted forward motor company for advertising in game media and practising gamble for advertising during the telebone show telebiz of tv shows telephone shows will increase and clear our for the astray guy the best known protest may have been the nine year boycott led by the southern practice convention against disney for hosting gay days a week of themed activities in disney world in Orlando the boycott ended in june why the hell is that uh i guess they straighted up they don't have no more gay days that uh disney i don't know okay i think they still got gay days in fact at disney world every day is gay and if you know the employees there right that's what i thought a well-sparkled spokesman said the fifty thousand dollar donation to the gain lesbian lines against defamation came from profits on accounts in the San Francisco area not Colorado where focus focus focus focus on the family has its headquarters we absolutely made a fifty thousand dollar grant to glad and we're absolutely proud of our support of the gay lesbian by social and transgender community said christ hammond spokesman for the banking giant which gives about two million dollars a year to gain lesbian organizations a leader of the american family association a bunch of another bunch of the group advocating the wall greens and crap boycotts said those companies donations supported subsequent activities that occurred during the gay games which brought thousands of participants and spectators subsequent activities you know i'm saying rocko mao oh i said with this many people we expect to increase in the bar scene and we expect a lot of anonymous sexual encounters said Randy sharp the association director of special projects but the main point of the boycotts is to protest company support of gay culture sharp said when you go out of the scope of normal business operations to donate large sums of money to organizations or events like pride that's out of the scope of a company like craft sharp said and godwin knows where they're smear and that veal vita it's almost an endorsement lifestyle he added the american family association also called for the boycott of four advertising and gay publications on monday for a set of a no longer advertised it's jag war and land robert brands of gay publications according to the York Times for which folks been like marantled at times he had to eliminate his a cost cutting measure and he played on the role of the boycott the company's the suit but gay rights leaders said for the citizen to stop the ad resulted from a confidential agreement the company made with the american family association and demanded a meeting this week with forward according to a statement issued monday by the actual gay lesbian task force that was signed by eighteen other gay rights organizations just in Nelson who leads the national gay and lesbian chamber of commerce did you know there was a national gay and lesbian chamber of commerce i do said boycott another protest actually could help the bottom line could help the bottom black dome line of target companies because the attractivisist of gay lesbian consumers the gay lesbian population extremely brand-world and also said if company state with a community not only will the community be with you to be for the effort but doing an after the well's frugal controversy stems from a fundraising plea glad made on the united five months ago to show the well's frugal and glad logo side by side above the large headline double your impact in the fight against the anti-gay industry right officials didn't respond to questions about the details yati on yet focused on the family officials raised the issue with well's part of the win july now they're coming very soon and i think i think that's it's up and rare all these crazy but you see because that's what uh... this kind of religions all about intolerance and ignorance and then not necessarily in that order spreading heat which it has from the beginning of time my religions and i got the right god no i got it but a bit of a bit of a head comes back in biblical there would have saved a lot of time where you got there yeah momma so soxon hell okay uh... also but it is no end of this crap you know fundamentalist mad at bush for wording of holiday card christmas appears nowhere on the what house reading all right i got a call yesterday when it very christmas thing uh... it took me while the catch on but uh... you're stupid this is the new deal now in fact worth that story how the isia luvians to christmas these crazy back to their certain all these rumors about all of the isia was going to court to try to like uh... take away Mary christmas and all this other crap so so now the new deal is when some of these uh... born again and up jobs look you say all married christmas whether you like it or not very christmas it like a weapon like a bullet well very christmas to you like that don't phase me in the least but and happy to look a lot of it in burst into flames oh well you already had by me put it out what's missing from the white house christmas card i don't like talking with these car craftsman somewhere fruity like to be syphilis hey jimmy you're fairy what's missing from the white house christmas card christmas oh no this month is an airy December since he took off his present bush and i'll charge with a generic into the message wishing one point for a million of his close friends and supporters hey happy holiday season that's because he's got a lot of self-hating jews who support him too by the way that's right maybe uh... you know a heathen here and there night out many people are thrilled to get a white house christmas card no matter what the reading inside but some conservative christians are reacting to the bush duck coal in their stockings how do you like that he stuck coal in their whole stocking this curly demonstrates that the bush of administration suffered loss of will and that they've capitulated the worst elements of our culture said when you don't have you president be cathletically for religious and civil rights a real rabbid nuk job bushlands to be born again evangelical christian but he sure doesn't act like one said josephara editor of the conservative website world net daily dot com i throughout my wild house card as soon as they got a he bsam religious conservatives are meant because they've been pressuring stories to advertise christmas sales rather than holiday specials and urging school to let students out for christmas vacation rather than for winter break this is this is the the height of intolerance man the absolute epitome of what intolerances all about it's not good enough that we have like a whole bunch of different holidays at the same time and we call it holiday season and everybody can do the no that's not good enough we have to use christianity is a weapon which of course is nothing new they celebrated when house speaker denny has to do it in little and sister that the sparkling spectacle on the capital launch and be called the capital christmas tree not a holiday spruce then along comes a generic season's green from the white house paid for by the republican national committee the cover art is also secular if not humanist it shows the presidential pets two dollars in a can't frolicking on a snowy white house lawn i wonder what religion they are certainly president misty bush because of their fate celebrate christmas said Susan witson lord bush's press secretary their cards in recent years have included best witches for holiday season rather christmas witches because they sent to people of all fates the uh that's the same rationale offered by major retailers for generic holiday catalogs and is accepted by groups such as the national council of churches comments i think it's more important to put christ back into our war planning that of our christmas christ said the council's general secretary the reber and bob evuator a former democratic congressman but the white house explanation doesn't satisfy groups that have grown in number in recent years that believe there is in the words of heritage foundation a war on christmas involving an ever stronger pushed her a new to holiday season so that non christians won't be even the slightest bit offended but one of the generals on the pro christmas side is timelademan all no name sound familiar of course he's the son of Donald or her will get back you don't timelademan president american family association in tuplal o mrs cipi sometimes it's hard to tell whether this is sinister it's the purging of christ christmas or whether it's just political correctness run a muckie said i think in the case of white house it's just political correctness wildman doesn't give retailers the same benefit of the doubt that's because they're not all republicans this year he's called for a consumer board kind of target stores because the chinese should have had advertising circular that didn't mention christmas it bothers me that the white house car leaves off any reference to jesus while we've got raman on celebrations in the white house wildman said what's going on there probably so that a lot of good friends maybe sold hands with the Saudis again give a think about that i hope that you ever let it go he banned our horses still hanging out there's smoking a big story and drinking that fine wine at the catholic league donny who had just announced a boycott of the lands and catalog when he received his white house holiday card true he said the bushes included a verse from sont 28 but sont's are in the old testament don't mention jesus birth donny who said well martfacing a threatened boycott at a christmas page to its website and far to custom relations employee who were letter linking christmas to sardbiri and shamanism shamanism what a shame he wasn't my modified what the sidebearing shamanism do it on me he wasn't modified by letter from ranson saying it adopted the holiday terminology is a way to comply with one of the basic freedoms granted all americans freedom of religion well what's that what's that if you don't believe in jesus well uh to how would you get a 96 person a percent of american celebrate christmas to donny he said 96 percent spirit me diversity of actually said well up your is down a you mean spirit and a type two type of peace of crap diversity's been a hallmark of what house reading courage for some time a queen of riven uh silly of tampa author of season's weeding from the white house the last present so christmas card dimension christmas was 92 sent by jorb her drubber walker in prison and varbabouce steely said the first present to send out true christmas cards as opposed to sign photos or handwritten letters was empty r married christmas from the present and Mrs. Roosevelt said his first annual card in nineteen thirty three and he was a democrat a liberal democrat how do you like that so came up with all the horrible communist ideas like social security all these things what a pilot crap and all you all your religions man jam it jam on it stick it stuff it that's what we need we need to be saved we don't need to be saved from the Muslim fundamentalist we need to be saved from all the fundamentalist all the crazy people because they're all the same just you know what's like what's like toothpaste they're all pretty much all aside from the colors and and the same thing here aside from the color and they all look the same right just have different brand names it's all and that's the same with the religious crap it's the same garbage just with a different brand name how it's a day of intramatory and then I just mentioned that the early moments ago second I am just I shocked myself I'm gonna stick my finger in the socket right now and then I'll be sick and then judge the finish the show did that envelope show up yet the effects now still waiting well I was in a theory and I'll go check her in the break I'll go and you will be able to show I've got your part I have no idea one thing show up here well it ought to be there by now okay because like book of Ryan's FedEx was here you used all the time was here this morning 10 uh 30 it's right anyway pop at a park racing in poker has the game of action that you're looking for featuring live harness racing in the great poker card room pop at a park is open every Wednesday like today every Friday and Saturday as well and best of all admission in parking are free at pop at a park come move home a winner from the railer enjoy poker at a smoke feed card room with tournaments every day also harness Durver at Highlight's Samelcasting action every single day seven days a week from trans all across north america post time is 725 and a piano and a card room will visit noon in other words about two minutes from now so come enjoy find dining at the top of the park restaurant the sixth floor and every Wednesday at Pompato Park like tonight is dollar night with draft beer hot dog so does and lots more just a bucket piece. Pompato Park is easy to just the block sound of the landing board of art on powerline road for more information of the curracing schedule call nine five four nine seven two two thousand or on the wicked web it's Pompato Park dot com don't forget poker room is open like only moments from now and live racing tonight 725 and a p.m. at Pompato Park this is Neil Rogers this is five 16 two eight this mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 tired of department store Santa's promising your kids gifts that you can't afford a month then have your kids called a north pole hotline family Santa's eight. I said I want a place they should too. I wish I could help you son but these things are in a tight status without a warrant for 364 days this year. How about a new three patch of underwear okay. When your kids call the north pole hotline Santa Claus will diminish their Christmas expectation guarantee. I said I want to hope you poke Elmo. Sorry dear so he's a rest was all out. Wait I thought to elves made everything in your workshop. Oh Santa can't compete in the workshop. Oh no I had to let all the elves go. Maybe Santa can find you and you think they're the north pole hotline. We put the no in north pole. 12 or three of five 16. How come the Jews can't have a Santa Claus for Mohammed Shinuka. Let's make one up you could be it. You kind of you know port Roy Poli right. Yeah trust up and something certainly I'm circumspect right trust you up. I think I'm already in a category I'm just thinking about sending all these gifts out to everybody. Oh by the way I got the yeah I got one back to mail. What are my 10 and there was did not 10 and then the fed up probably been sitting there for like two hours. Probably very sad it's just it's just tears my kishbizah. On the end it was galantar like before the show started and there would have been and what a nice way to show started and wasn't there? No probably somebody was like ex-wraining the packages. Well what have been made out to cash you never had that I'll guarantee that probably what's your name? You know something that's the best thing that ever happened to me I care I'll freak you Carlos just came back to me for just a moment there I forgot her name the it that's it's out of the front is when you come into QAM and you see the it at the reception does that tells you everything you need to know about our organization okay that he and she it is the epitome of QAM a busy broadcasting. When you agree? Well yeah but it's it's hit or miss because it could be noddle not there. Well if it sounds like she's a sweetheart she's very nice but she's he's not usually out there no mole. Speaking of no mole I was just thinking about this business of you know people walking out this this Sydney Rosenstein green house whatever his name is this is the way I work in the radio business in fact all the years that I've been on the year I can't think of very many instances of some of just a middle of a show getting up and walking out can you know I'm trying to think there was the Alex Bennett episode you walked out didn't he or did he just threaten to I thought I heard a rumor that he actually did you know in those ladders. If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now I'm taking you to you. Yeah I think I did like I handle that I did like I've got the quick finger but I'm other than that I can't take of anybody. Yeah so this business about how when you got to keep so walking out or not showing up or just has all these ever in the it just doesn't fly so unless it was a really lame and stupid publicity stunt that it complies nothing which I doubt because otherwise they be back on today. I score on their Joel fineberg you have fineberg and Rosenberg and Eisenberg and Goldberg and whom I leave in out. And of course don't forget Goldstein Jesus how about putting a few going on here just to make it look good. Oh speaking of that here's that story I was talking about there's all kinds of stories on the street. Fran quickly in McComb and dreams that are right she's director of the in the Indiana Civil War as Union. How the ACLU didn't steal Christmas this goes back to this business of using Merry Christmas is like a weapon. Ah gotcha Merry Christmas for the elected or not. Ah you do best there you'll even. When the angry phone calls and emails started arriving at the office I knew the holiday season was upon us she says a typical message out of that we at the ACLU affiliate in Indiana are horrible and we should be ashamed of ourselves then concluded with an incongruous and agitated Merry Christmas we get this type of correspondence a lot mostly in May actually to a well organized attempt by extremist groups to demonize the ACLU crushed religious diversity and make a few blocks in the box in the process. Sadly this stuff interested I for days being promoted in the guys of defending Christmas. This part well would have started to tell you I got to see this I just FedEx and UPS they're both so great you know they are they're they're always going to kiss the knocking and you're so negative but when somebody is good or product is good or a company gives you good service FedEx is phenomenal I'm able that package it was in the box here at 2015 yesterday and they're this morning it's not even just noon barely and you got it you haven't your hand right now right how do you like that I like it a lot and it's incredible isn't it I mean we're talking about at least a thousand miles away right but but I'm being they stick it right in your hand anyway getting back to this business for example he lines defense fund celebrity celebrates the season with an it's okay to say Merry Christmas campaign implying that the ACLU is challenged at holiday greetings and it's part of the effort you can get a pamphlet and two Christmas pins for 29 bucks the website will not daily have some book claiming a thorough and virulent anti-Christmas campaigns being waged today by liberal activist and ACLU fanatics the site magazine suggested there will be ACLU efforts to remove and God we trust from U.S. currency fire military chaplains and expose all references to God in America's founding documents learn more for just 1995. Oh of course the original Merry Christmas law suit there is there any ACLU litigation about U.S. currency military chaplains or any of these things but the facts aren't important to these groups because they're real messages this by protecting the freedoms of Muslims use another non-Christin through preventing government entanglement with religion the ACLU is somehow infringing on the rights of those with majority religious beliefs in and truth and it's he got his punishment for being a human Merry Christmas all see I feel better in truth it is these website Christians who are taking the Christ out of the season nowhere in the sermon on the month of Jesus asked that we celebrate his birth with narrow mindedness and intolerance especially for those who are already marginalized and persecuted instead the New Testament like the Torah and the Quran and Calvals other sacred texts commands us to love our neighbor to comfort the sick and the imprisoned the audio audio all these all of these that's what the ACLU does we live in a country filled with people or sick and disabled people are imprisoned and people are 100th or 3rd justus those people come to our Indian offices for help at the rate of 700 a week usually because they have nowhere else to turn the least of our brothers and sisters sure are getting any help from the alliance to fence fund and world meddally so as often as we can ACLU secure his justice for those folks for whom Jesus worried the most as part of our justice mission we work hard to protect the rights of free religious expression for all people including Christians for example we recently defended the first amendment rights of a Baptist minister to preach his message on public streets of southern Indiana the ACLU and if he not be half of a Christian valetorian in a Michigan high school which agreed to stop censoring religious yearbook entries and supported the rights of iost students to distribute Christian literature at their school there are many more examples because the ACLU is committed to preserving the constitutional guarantee of religious freedom for all we agree with the us and pin courts for more than this freedom means the children who grow up in non-Christian homes should not be made to feel like outsiders no communities court house legislature or public schoolhouse to our merry christmas correspondence all of their Americans we wish you happy holidays ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha let's see what says you just face me they didn't come out too good uh is my europe committee gets been a swery with cheap oil the door here about it now we already know that we had a lot of them not come out in the right and into the article came out probably censored by the CIA how about a man in a moon Jim carry if Jim carries in my answer is absolutely not And Vince says keep those great back time stories coming okay Vince. Man in the moon. How about the man in the cockamun? I like that word. And after that I am in Jim Carrier just I'm sorry. What's the fun of time I thought he was just fine you know? It's like it's like banana split. You could have like two banana splits and then like the third one you'd start say oh and then the fourth one you'd be fuking your guts out. Thought of one saying I do. And I say we Jim Carrier. He has been through a movie. Those were just fine. So over done I mean when a guy makes 17 different movies every month it's just it's a little bit much you know you start losing your face for it. Carrier is me that S.U. I experimented with cock's broadcast you would have much of rocket scientists. Oh if you miss Neil at 10 to another get an eight then two and a midnight you know. I got. They had our shows coming out of there back to a little bit there and then they also had blah blah. Oh yeah here we go bush to this and bush to that and Bill Snyder's on there and I guess they must have Bill Snyder on a payroll two because he's here done a sudden turn particularly a friendly audience or an unfriendly audience it was easy. That was. Many of them are very critical it includes Republicans it includes Democrats it includes conservatives all kinds of people who have had a role in farm policy. But you're not these if you ask me. Anyway what do we got a thousand fifty votes he has silently we just looked on by the thousand we have to make a big fuss about that no more. Right now that we we now that we hit the big time thank you so much you all find where we have so many people listen that we don't we barely have room for all of them. The radio is our exploding. You know that's how many people are going to because you put in such crap on here as as if that station is our competition between ten and two see that's what our sports people just cannot find the can understand it. They'll get it. Our competition is that as hypocritical pill pop and sell out rush and of course well what an old franken. Oh, they have talked and that's it. We got talk show people not sports nerds okay the sports nerds it keeps it's I take a little sliver of punky pineal and about fifteen different guests for dinner well how you can divide up one little piece of punky pie for fifteen people that's the problem with a sports or crap it's a myth I know how you divide it. Oh for me. I said punky pie not pizza pie. So in other words, it's kind of a sports thing. It's hit or myth mostly myth. I said myth America is a miscephal. You fair all brother Jimmy. Sifula's not against us today. How can we even continue? No wonder I'm sucking on these. Oh, I mean whatever they are. We call off the call. They're good. But they got sugar in them. I had such my blood sugar was like 90 this morning and that could. That's very good. It's not a stand. How did you get it on up there to know? No, I'm just trying to keep my throat going here because somebody made me sick yesterday. Josh. No, I don't think it's my own stupidity. I can afford to take a cam. But it's one of those things where I mean the temperature wasn't all like good. The temperature was like about 24, 25, which is not great. But temperature has nothing to do with comfort level. Correct. It has to do with like when the hot weather, it's kind of new with the temperature and stuff to do with humidity. Although I will say this one gets to be one fifteen in Vegas. It doesn't feel even more than one twelve, you know. I'm getting it. It's it's bad. In a cold, it's not like for example 30. Not 30. The way he's going with 30 degrees and it was no wind and I have no problem with that at all. And actually you see some people walk around with other codon. They're going like a block to the office or what? And they're walking out with a codon. You think are you crazy? Well, if there's no wind, you can be in deep. Right. But yesterday it was cold and it was windy. The wind was whipping baby 33 kilometers. That's almost 20 miles per hour. And the wind chill was minus 17. And I'm walking like a smuck with a stupid FedEx package. And I'm sletting up the street and I'm thinking, Jesus, and I got my two gone and I forgot my, I got my, what's your call? The Shaw. Are they calling? Pier or Shaw? I don't know. The Shaw? Yeah. Around your neck is scarf. Now the Shaw is like for old ladies. Okay. But Bush. Put it over your head. That's a little lady. We're no Shaw. Five a nice thing. You're by the end of the have it on. I shouldn't have one of those OG ski masks. See if you've got any that anymore. If you're not killing more people. Right. If not, maybe you can send that up to me. OG ski mask. I can't wear it. I'll sell it. How the movies coming out of pull. I realize it's already 1214. But you know something too bad. No pressure. Now that we got our 1000 votes. It's a feather in the somebody's cap. 1118 and by the way, Brett, you won't be there. I'm, I wouldn't be surprised by the new year. He's gone already. I give him to the birth of our nation. I think that's to get him carried away. You're an idiot, Brett, and everybody's on to you. Go back to New York. Other than Godfather one and two, but movie has the most sensational performances. Not just to find movie but spectacular acting by all. Cookers nest 167, Shawshank 110, Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 96. You're fairie. A parcel of a parcel of Sonia House 65. Good fellow 63, Scarface 63, to tell a mockingbird 48 with Gregory's peck. Network 47. Doctors' trains love 39. Schindler's list 34. Too many Jews. Mystic River 33, the excesses 27. Gone with a wind 26, 8. 26, we don't give a damn. On the waterfront 26, K9 mutely 24, the great Santini 20, Rickley and for Dream 20, Magnolia 17, easy rider 15. Gangs of New York 15. Master's Valls 14, Chinatown, nine, sunset boulevard eight, Mulan Rouge, six, training day five, lots of punitown and a West five, and during candidate five, 12 angry men four, angry men 12, we're window four young Frankenstein three, the African Queen three, deliverance two, happiness two, saving private Ryan one, Donnie Brasco one, Donnie Darko one, and dog day afternoon has got the big, oh, and Al Pacino is saying, I'm dying all the hair. 12 16 already, QM is almost time for the next break. Hey, when you're shopping for shoes, only one name ought to pop in your mind, and that's brandy shoes of Pablo Bita, I've been talking about them for a long, long time because they give you an unbeatable combination. They give you the best selection. They have great sales holes with take personal career. Make sure you got a perfect comfort video for your favorite shoe every time, and they got them beat unbeatable prices. And all the top names in the shoe business, they got them all rock pork, floor shine, echo, mafisto, SAS, new balance, all the other. Did I say rock pork? I said rock pork, that's why I said. And Brady specialize in wide width as well because they understand fit and comfort. So you've got a big fat one, head right on in there. Brandy's is worth your trip from just about any place in South Florida, so don't forget, for comfort style, fit value and selection thing, brandy shoes, 1290 North federal highway in Pablo Beach, open daily Monday to Saturday to line up a Sundayville five. And this week is a great time to buy spares at brandies. Take 20% off all great men's women's styles this week. So be sure to get your action to brandy store or do your shoe shopping on their most prestigious website, brandysshoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 Swat Walk Solid. The Hoover At The Moon. This holiday season, the I&I's East Company presents a veto-crossed e- Christmas. Oh, horrible. Oh, horrible. Oh, horrible. Oh, horrible. Oh, horrible. Oh, horrible. Oh, horrible. Oh, horrible. Yes, it's veto-crossed e-crossed e-crossed e-crossed e-crossed kuin繭 sommes open your window one once Some to another Same as the other Complete it Don't make a ferocious Only on MSC and the bass and the bass You're so sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, just sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet. %, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet It's really bad. It's just, I mean, I'm dying on the hair. Attica. Attica. Everybody in M.O.B. From, I know who played the cop that was standing on the middle of the street. Ah, geez, I've had to look that up. Come on, Google. Google it. There are some really phenomenal actors and actresses and some more not really sure what they were in there. And then of course there was Fredo, who was not. Okay. Make sure everybody knows him not. Okay. I'm not. The news reports. Hey Fredo, don't sit right behind me. That's great. Troudering. Charles, you're in great from one of Stranger calls. Right? And he was also in a massive appeal. Remember that? Mm-hmm. He played the father of, whatever, Father Superior, as opposed to the father in Superior. That's what I had. I had a father in Superior. You took? Yeah. A lot of us did. But he's dead now. That's a good news. So anyway, I was thinking about that the other day. I had this movie because now more and more you'll notice that never started really pantering. They saw all that gold that Mel Gibson was able to dig through and have scorned with. And so now they're thinking, well, we want to do a little panhandling that religious stream too. So they had that thing on the Pope, which of course I had to watch. This is the previous to dead Pope. The one that they slept around that slab, the slab on the slab. And I'm thinking of myself, you know, all of the different things you think about it. All the religions that are so ignorant and idiotic. Yeah. Here's this whole bunch of guys, okay. This bunch of men and red dresses, the cardinals who used to play in St. Louis. And they sit around and they blow the smoke. They blow the smoke. First it's what I said is it's a white smoke. It had a gray smoke. It's supposed to be white or black, but it came out. Oh no, it's black. It means that they're, they haven't decided yet. But everyone wants to look at it. It's to be white. That means they got a white guy. It's going to be the new Pope. But anyway. And all of a sudden he becomes he's in view with all of this tremendous stuff. Because a bunch of guys said around it all is Paula Taging. And guys are out smeared out of the table with a bunch of corrupt money. And all of a sudden, but I've been here to Pope. And we hit you with a magic wand. Is that is that the emiter? Is that what the emiter's miter? Miter's miter? Miter hit him over the head with it. I see. And all of a sudden he's in view with this tremendous power. He's got the red full and man, even a chief on fat man. What's that was his name? Commissioner Gordon. Commissioner Gordon would be impressed. And of course Commissioner Gordon's daughter became fat woman later on. That girl. That girl. That girl. That was Marlow Thomas. That girl. How about this girl? Good fellow. I guess 180. What does this say? Jerry and B.D. This brings him. I miss him. You're sure I stay in this moron. I don't know how you discussed this. Since good fellows who do this along the fold of the answer. I would fact the article. Sorry, Miss person to show I do have a small life. Well, good for you, Jerry. That was a good fact, sir. But I can't read the rest of the headline. Good fellow. He'll get to 180 something. What does that mean? Oh, I see. Here it is. X-Mobster peds no confes. This is the real Henry. He'll let's see a character that the real life character that was played by Ray Leota. The former mobster he more lies in good fellows was sentenced Monday to 180 days in jail. It sounds like six months for threatening his wife and not the man last summer. See, once a slime ball always a slime ball. No question. They could send him out through the Kansas. Robert Hailey, he was hanging out. The judge ordered a sense to be, yes, served concurrently with a six month from Hill He was already serving for attempted meth and fed me in position. Well, he didn't have a little bit of substance problem in a movie. He, he'll play with no contest making terrorist threats. He'll portrayed by Ray Leota in the 1990 mob movie. God, a good and God fellows was also given credit for time served after Hill's wife and the other victim mortletters in his behalf. The victims told the judge, the data amount, however we see the additional jail time. He's 62 now. And we'll complete both sentences December 29. Police say, Hill threatened his wife of the knife. On July 8th at a hotel, then followed her after she left and threatened the man who had been waiting for. Ah, ah, you see that? The man who had been waiting for, maybe the bitch had a comment. Possible. Peltroll the AP last week that his courgey alls in to give him a chance to sober up. And now he has another chance to live a normal life. Hill saw refuge in the witness protection program after a green to testify against his former New York mob bosses. He has since left the program and lives in North Platt with his wife who is from the area. What house is North Platt? I don't know. I don't know. He heard of it. New York? Illinois? Wisconsin? I don't know. Who's Beckus Dam? North Platt? I remember Robin Platt. I'm not to make me plots. As in funeral plots. I don't know. Over at the in New Orleans, there's a Bubba and there's a George Herbert Walker. Yeah tonight, that's nine Eastern on. I'm going to be able to Larry tonight, aren't they? Oh, good. Putty hour. Putty hour. We got to have a good friend's bill Clinton enjoyed Bush. Putty hour. Is that North Platt with an E on the end? Yes. Where is it? Nebraska. Oh my god. I've told you to Nebraska into that program too far from Omaha. Where the men are men and, uh, wow. Pretty good place to Nebraska. You don't believe me, do you? Uh, I don't this believe you. And I tell you that you would like Omaha. I'm telling you right now, it's a real real place. As a course of where you're sitting right now. This is five, 16, two. Oh, go, go, go, go. Drop, drop, drop, drop, drop. So I was at the mall yesterday and I saw Natalie with this guy. It was totally too hot for her. This is a robbery. Put all your money in this bag. Yeah, I know. So I went up there and I was like, hey Natalie, and she's like completely ignored me. Hurry up, all blow your brains out. I said, aren't you going to just read your friend? And I could totally tell you that totally into me. I said 50's and 100's. No small pills. Yeah, uh, you know she hates my gods. But I could tell last. If they alarm and you dead me. Anyway, I'm at the bank now and have to run. That's funny. That's cute. I'm a little part of that was cute. And was cute. See what's her cute stuff in here. Not really like, oh man, historically funny. But we can't be historically funny. No more anyways. Joyce does not kindly on that. She frowns on it. If it'll pat into, she don't cut into it that bitch. Other than godfathers, what the movie has got the most sensational acting performances. Whole bunch of them. Like everybody in the movie was fabulous. One for a little bit of kukus nest, one 69. Char shank redemption, 11, 11, Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. 100. I'm not going to play that same stupid. How about... Boppy's for clothes is all over. Or how about my favorite? Get the chalk. Come on, let's play the whole thing. What do you say, huh? Oh, sorry, Joyce. What else do we need to do? Scarface, 60's. What is it? 67. Come on, a whole thing. Get the chalk. Go to lunch, George. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? No. Scarface, 67, apocalypse. Now, 66. How you enjoy that very expensive DVD of worship? Oh, I enjoyed a lot. Good fellow, 64. Network 51. To kill a machin bird for you. I'll be shocked if you don't like the way the gun. That's a good movie. Let's kill a machin bird for you. 9. Dr. Strange, low for you. 2 in a scot, your boy. But he's sealed deltor when they're 2. Good actor. You. Shindler's list, 37. Mr. River 35. I remember that Mr. River Bridge. Remember to go into Brigham's ice cream. I remember driving up the US one of highway 1 through Saga City Adventure Car Hub on a way to rocking and park. Gone with the win 28. The XS is 27. I'm a waterfront 26. K9 mutiny 25. The great Santini 20. Requiem for a dream 20. Magnolia 17. Easy riders, 15. Gangs of New York. 15. Was it a bread and that one? Nope. He's in that one called Sores of New York. Monsters ball 14. Chinatown 9. Sus said Boulevard 8. Training Day 7. Mulal Rouge has got 7. Mulal Rouge. Do you see that? No. Thank God. Saving private. Same Ryan's private. 6. 12 Angry Men's 6. Young Frankenstein 5. Once upon a time in the West 5. Manturing Kennedy 5. The Libreans 4. We're window 4. The African Queen 3. Happen is only 2. They don't dare watch it. Dog day afternoon only 1. Donnie Braskow. One of Donnie Darko. One of Donnie Darko. How about Johnny Darko? They don't like him either. Thousands 76 will have a load 100 by one o'clock. And we're not going to do like 1400 like yesterday by two o'clock to one in the line. They're not that crazy about this pool. And just to which zombies will be they never saw. They don't like. They don't understand the question. That. What's your favorite color or paper we're plastic? Those are the kind that can really stink their teeth into. How come dog day afternoon only got one? I don't know. I don't know. What on late but still. What? Oh, when on the pool. What's the point of continuing? You know? We're not going to like chop this thing off and put on tomorrow's right away for it. In fact, that might not get on there until early late this evening. Or whatever. feel like it. Whenever I get back from losing my ass, I feel like that. I'm sure it's not going to do it now. Why would we waste a fabulous question like this by Yankees and Offeter, right? Not good. Not good. How much do you give me syphilis to it? Do you fare it? How many QAM? Hello. QAM? And you, I do it today. Okay. Get a what? I don't say a cradle and not say he's a he died. He's correct, right? He is dead. Get the you consider him a underweight one of the greatest well underweight actors Not one of the greatest but I was raised underrated. Yes. And I told you if everybody has six to eight done movie crash, I don't have your theater or not. No. Everybody had no pay for it. Everybody was paid for it. Okay. So, you see crash? Well, I saw a movie called crash and I was told that there's more than one than I'm thinking of the different one. I see a lot of crashes. So, I don't know at this point. I'll be ma'am. I've seen Joel's numbers of an organization. Oh, they couldn't crash because I don't think they've already reached the bottom level. They reached the bottom flow. WQAM? Hello. How about the end? The end? What down do you want to use in third rental? Now, you worry about their end. Back to the end. WQAM? Hello. I'm a regular for a jibble under thing. Yes, it is. Okay. Okay. Nice than you can do. Do you all accommodating like that? Yeah. Well, he just want to make sure we didn't forget. We sure wouldn't forget that. No. In fact, did I just get through reading the list? I think I just dared if he was paying any attention. But he probably was on the phone busy speed dialing. It's got 20 vote. It's tied with a great Santini. So, don't be a wini. How about in vote for it? And by the way, put away the pills. Please. Look. You got stop. Yeah. Maybe she just was a little colder, she's were chattering. That was a problem. I got to get it. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Yeah. I would think that happiness would be big and soft. They could just leap out the parts with the, we say are very disturbing the pedophile. But it works the part about the condo commandos. It's a best part. It just reminds you so much of soft silver duh. And so many people walking around would like check it or line green or lemon pan. Oh, my god. 560560. Those yellow pan sir for the birds. 5604. 5604. In the bird. I was very old pants. I don't know. Neither do I. How many QAM hello? Yes. I got a little bit of report. I got a little bit of a number of mail money. They got every administration's course. 710 CNN. I think they're already getting out there. They've got a fan call saying from the tree. And it's got a mask on and it's in the same type. It's just going to like such fan call. And the other thing is, and what kind of dog was in happiness? Oh, everyone. I'd say it was a retriever. It was not. It was not. To be honest with you, I don't recall. I remember it was a 10 big die. I remember what tell us. Maybe it was a retriever. I think it was a black black black. 560, 560, pound 560. There were some blacks in the class. I take that back. You're a scab. You're a scab. Joy Jordan. She writes a name on her blackboard. She was honest to God. She was so great. She's always there with the actors. I don't know. She was in a lot of the world. She's also in that anniversary party. She is sensational. Joy Jordan. She got a lot of action anyway. We were at the Russian cab driver before we stole a guitar in her CD player. And it was only a grand chipade for us. That's not bad, I guess. What I'd say about those Eastern Europeans. I'd say something about that. Those Ruskies and all other Eastern Europeans. Jane Lannardins. Jane Adams. I'll be there. Very underrated under noticed person. She's like, actually, probably don't stand out too much. But she really is a fabulous. But anyway, don't watch it because it's very depressing. And you won't understand and you'll be grossed out. 19 to one. If you went, we got the moments. We're going to be grossed out at two. It's like, it's like, when those alien guys have just so round. I think it's coming and I like to be it. I got a big one. I got a big one. I got a big one. I got a big one. I got a big one. I got a big one. I got a big one. And I got a big one. I got a molepock. I got a ring through my nose. I shot in the kids. I put my coat on the hip. I put my hip. Next. When I made a girl I give her my digits but she never calls. I said, let's not get a minute. Let's just buy that all day. I love it. Where did that come from? It's the old. I know it's old. That's I'm trying to dig out all the abilities before the end of the year. It's ancient. ACN or rock comedy. No, SCN. Satellite comedy. Whatever it is. That's what it says in the other thing in my thing. Moving for to say I said somebody died. I was about a half hour ago and then we got I'm dying on the hand. I'm trying. For film producer Greg Hoffman. No, who that is? Nope. He's dead. He developed an eight-minute film out of the horror hit saw and its glorious successors saw too died unexpectedly after complaining of pain. He was 42. Wow. Hoffman died Sunday at Hollywood Presbyterian Hospital. That's in California, by the way. Where he'd been admitted after developing a neck pain. His business partner said he died of natural causes according to news release from Lions Gate, which distributed his reason films on autopsy was planned. Hoffman as partners at twisted pictures, financed the low budget film saw and saw two and stood three millions of dollars. The film cost about a million dollars to make the first one. Open over Hollywood weekend last year. Number three of the box surface and gross more than 102 million in DVD and box surface revenue. How do you like that? It cost a million to make and it gross more than 102 million. You ready for that? Yeah. The four million dollars sequel released just before Hollywood in this year. Ranked number one of the box or a business day. View weekend with 31.7 million receives it's made 86 million in six weeks. According to box office figures released this week. The movie center around a severe killer called Jigsaw who advises interview games to get his kidnapped victims to curly-chother. You seen this? No, but I know about it. I'm going to. Why not? I've seen it. So I saw it. You saw it. You see saw it? I've not now. You didn't saw saw? But I'm supposed to see it because people said it was good. We want a lot of we hop in a former Disney company executive told the L.A. Times in November. Hopping began working for Disney 95 rising to become a senior vice president production and earning a producer credit on his family comedy George of the jungle. How do you like that? That was a horrible movie. George of the jungle. Oh, you just get better. Huh? That had the pleasure. He joined cool and Marvel don't waste your time. He joined cool and Mark Burgett. Their management production company evolution and entertainment in 2003 soon after he saw the eight men of club about a serial killer called Saw and proposed he saw it. He seen it and proposed making it in the way full-length picture. Picture, picture, picture, picture, picture. The original story was by James Wan who wound the wrecked the feature Saw and the lead one hell who starred in it. The Saw film success led the multi-picture development deals with Lionsgate and Dimension. Filmshopping was working on Saw 3 and Call Space when he died. Survived by Swiflusian. Two children his mother, a sister and a part-future in a peratory. I'd like that 42 and he's dead. Probably got punishing for all that sadistic violent crap when you think had to be. The Lord works in mysterious ways. Oh god! You better make your son. By the way, Merry Christmas. Ah, ha, gotcha. Gotcha. Merry Christmas. Jesus, listen to him. Ah, ha! Can't escape in a matter where you go, man. There's Goiim just heaping their love on you. Just like that, that's right. Speaking of that, yesterday with George's birthday and we were got her mind you who else's birthday was yesterday. Yeah, three years ago. Here's how we were in the CNN and there's a picture of Little Alien. You know, something still looks like six years old. Maybe get that guy from happiness, maybe they let him out. Alien Gonzalez, the Cuban boy, thrust into the center of an international custody battle six years ago, Celebrate his 12th birthday Tuesday listening to a speech by a present-fidel Castro. What are we to celebrate? Gonzalez wearing his school uniform set next to Castro. They political event recalling the island's successful campaign to gain custody of the boy from the USA. And speaking of the Coastal City of Cardinus, where Alien lives with his father's stepmother and younger half siblings. Don't forget, Cardinus. Keep that in mind. You're always forgetting where his hometown is. Ah, already did. Well, it's important stuff. It's Cardinus. But Castro told the crowd he was proud of Alien on saying the boy would become a leader at his school as well as a karate devotee. Oh, he's probably really upset that Ray, what's the name died? Leerotic guy, what's the name? O'Rah. Relie. Yeah, Maria. Yeah, Maria. Pat Maria. Like I said, he'd become a leader at his school as well as a karate devotee in the central city. Some 85, he's the miles east of Havana. That's where Cardinus is. For those of you who inquired about it and speak it in English by the way, while you're at it. Cut the crap. The Cuban leader then devoted much of his two-hour speech to his current anti-corruption campaign. Children of the crowd shouted, did I'll fid out before an aftercaster spoke? It's kind of like what they do with the Pope, you know? And to when people are brainwars, they get all goosey and emotional. It's a man in a dress. Oh, hey. And what about those awful red shoes? Alien on gay, well, we know about that. He was one of three survivors in the karate-oddy, and the rebels were sweys niss and they battled into with Aliens, and he had a young. And how's the fisherman doing? How's the old fisherman doing? It's the one in the closet or what? I guess he finally came with the right amount of the closet with little boy nizorms. That's not a good idea. 560, 750, 560, pound-five, six-ton-the-a-variven singular wireless line. America's, I mean, that's tomorrow's pool. I'm not, did I do that or not? I don't want it. I don't want it. Don't, don't, don't. Oh, no, I don't know. Have you seen it? No. I got a good list. In addition, which we can always add to it tomorrow, if I show up for about six from that, like, uh, would it? See, I have been at a cold or misdemeanored day working. How long has been? I mean, months, and I can't even remember last time as other days. So can you? No, it's been a long, long time. A couple of years at least. So the last thing I want to do is be serviced in a specific for vacation and all these holidays. Yeah. I'm not one of these people that tries to shirt my word. I work like hell, man. Air, we stinkin' day, except those six hundred days in the summertime. And the other 400 weeks vacation, I got other than that. I like to show up. I'm not one of these people. Well, I'll give you 40 shows this year. And I'll give you 30 shows next year. But, for some of these adeos where people go off to like moonlight. Like, uh, moonlight. Moonlight. Moonlight. But what was that sound when played moonlight yesterday? Let's play some order of songs to the star about here. Oh, what's that? Oh, what's that? So I Hank also saw Holland Floyd. That's good. I am told that they were very good at, because you know, what is that? It falls you. Oh, they were very good. And we didn't play this, so I'll be over there. No. I'm really glad you're good. I'm really glad you're good. I'm really glad you're good. I'm really glad you're good. I'm really glad you're good. I'm really glad you're good. So you want to talk about you people that operate the sound systems at the various sports functions and ball games, hockey games, football games, basketball games, par cheesy tournaments, things like these. We're getting real real tight. Gary Glitter, who's another pedophile, by the way, it's in the slammer in Australia. Uh, we're second-tarrer Rock and Roll parts, one, two, and a hundred. We're really tired of, oh. Come up with something new and different, okay? God. Okay, here's a facts, fire report. You know, most of that stuff already, but we didn't know the last part. Right. It says, I can only listen to you online via the archives after your show ends, but can listen to the ticket live online. How, how's that possible? Why can't they listen live online to us? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It says, I don't know whether you're talking about this today, but the ticket is blowing up. They're blowing up over there. Like I've all lost out. O'Jane, except he was out on Monday, so Sid Rosenberg hosted so though we talked more about New York Giants than Dolphins, obviously because he could care less about the Dolphins, he's in New York Guy. Certainly, a sin down here for Dolphins, especially after they had the great comeback for tweet, taking a talking up to Giants' apartment over the Cowboys and downplaying the Finns meaningless comeback to your O'Jane pathetic bills. He said the bills played less aggressively at the end of the game and that's why the Finns won. He may have even screamed cause to keep Dolphins off the ear. Sid also has connections with New York athletes and made him brought them on. Yesterday, O'Jane McDuffey came back and ridiculed Sid on the ear for talking so much New York football, Sid walked off the ear. Today, Jimmy Siffle is hosting cause, Pro and Con both O'Jane and Sid breaking down either along the floor of New York Lions or Black and White Lions. Oh, it's a racial saying, I don't know that. It's a racial saying. But both Sid and O'Jane will be back on 10 o'clock enough. Oh, thank God for that. Can try a congerous piece off the golf Fony Balloni. Can't you tell after reading that? I still look care. And that's right. It's contrived and nobody cares. Very jackass cares. And obviously, the guy who just passed me that information cares, but no, but he cares. Nobody. Like Harvey Tack would say, nobody picked six and nobody cares. I have to ask Hank to mark Harvey Packies that I'm sure he is. He was the ball guy used to be on the NYRA, the racing show from like Ecuador and Belmont. I'm sure he used to watch that religiously. Wow, the turn. Now, Harvey Packie was funny though. Was entertaining. Which is kind of hard to make things like that entertaining, but he was amusing. And then at the end of the show, he would like to take the race program and he would throw it at the camera, which probably is where Keith Oberman stole that. What's wrong with the papers at the camera? I don't mind Keith Oberman. He's trying to grow on me like a little bit of a tumor. He's all right. At least he's to the left of a ton of a honey. At least he's a good old liberal boy. He's on. He's not afraid to rip bush and ass and tear down all the other crap that's going on. Nice going. Keith. He's okay. You ever see Keith Oberman? No, because you know why Tim has to be seen. That's because you don't want to get caught watching me to cross me. Where after he's on, I don't blame you. That'll let's be it. And that's gotta be it. Anyway, she was not on last night. She probably got learned how to. Okay, let's take a look. I think I'm going to fight my way through this little scratch in my throat. Don't worry about it. Don't feel too guilty about it. When you're catching that check Josh in the bank, don't feel like, oh, GM, maybe old man, sick and the other one. Walk blocks and blocks and freeze and cold and wind. That's that give me this. Huh? You get the check back. Just to give me all this money, I don't need any way that I'm sure I already had it all planned out any high. I'm planning money for that vacation. For if I was to go to do with that money out there anyway and see how it will. Blow out. Blow it. Good drunk. Just get drunk. Just what the, that's his number one hobby. Far over and above sex and drugs and anything else. Just get in the smage. What the comedy. He weaves a lot together. I kind of weaves. Nice too. 1120 votes on the pool. 1120. That sounds like I keep looking at a 1020. That's a KDK in Pittsburgh. Not to be confused with KQV. I wonder what that was all about. That fake facts we had yesterday about putting KQV on the pool with that, uh, data. That never worked well. See, you're going to mess with me about call out as a radio station. Baby, you're messing with a wrong guy because I forgot my name. I forgot where I live most days. I haven't got any of these with my shoe sizes. But I sure know them old style radio stations. The order of better. This is new Roger. To serve this is 5.62. It's a. It's the one to do out. On the history string. Welcome to the show. Place President Cheney. This is you just a year ago. He is exactly the leader we need for these times. And we need him for four more years. How did George get re-elected anyhow? Got his job because he's a charming, sexy good looking man. As great air. You endured your beauty. How come the president lives in the American League? And the thing about the WMDs. It is a lot. When's the last time GW Live? Just this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man because he's set her so fast. It's very least. We have a right to know what he is saying. Nick, I got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you. That's stage. I admit it that they're chained and asked. Oh, here's George now. They're chained and they're chained and they're chained. And they're faithful muslims. They're as they live. It's a 101. Here's some good news from Brad. Thank you, Brad. Harvey Pack is alive and well. Oh, Rocksland. Harvey Pack is the only son of a business racing girl. He probably put him out to the farm. He's 100 years old like Stan Burstine. I don't know. That would take those old guys and send him out to the, you know, He goes, oh, don't do it. I can hold the horse. Here's one. It says, I just got a metal picture of you going to the FedEx office while we're in the Shallock, the old ladies were while the wind lifted around on the show too. Thanks for last, Fali. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was wearing a berca, two as a matter of fact. That's why that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to start wearing a berca. It's a, I'm like, a old muslim lady. Let's all do that. Let's all come to work at a berca. We're a cover up. Well, there's a lot of cover ups going on. Believe me. Action from key democrats. There's that cure of philips mag. Carre, there's one for you. There's another one for you. What's that was his name? Did the shooting in the subway in New York? I went with that was his name? Oh, there. Forget that character. What? He was a kind of character. I'm talking about it in real life. No, no. He was a character in life. He did his own defense. Remember that? Right. What's that name? I don't know. Somebody will know the audience. Believe me. They'll know something. I mean, if they know about Jimmy Syphalus and O.J. McDuffy and O.J. Simpson and O.J. This and that. Really very sad. Let's see. Oh, here's a line. Look at this. This is very timely. Look for the QA in van at the Shell Station on 27th in US 1 in Miami. You can try to drop off a new unwrap toy for the big goes holiday toy drive. The benefit Miami Children's Hospital, let's US 1 in 27th. It's got no time on it. It's got today's data on a day that will live in infamy. But let's see. 42 and what? 50 41. What do you do? 41 is 50. Now 64 years ago today was a Pearl Harbor day. Okay. What? December 7, 1941. A day that will live in infamy. You'll better get your mercenistry straight down, Mr. Quote, what way to do? You're a brain parlor and old-time religious crap. Right. All those old getks. That's your area of expertise, man. This guy could sit on here. But we've been rammed along with all kinds of like meaningless crap about the Babylon about Babylonians. Right. And the Penelope, Penelope, and the Penelope, and the Penelope, and the Penelope, and the Polesians. Look for the QM of van at the Shell Station. 27th in US 1 in Miami. Stop out of drop off a new unwrap toy for the big goes holiday toy drive. Rock solid. To benefit Miami Children's Hospital. US 1 in 27th has no time and I'm tearing enough of it. They're there or whatever. Well, that's sad. We've been on for three hours plus now and we could have been doing that. But somebody just ate somebody and doing it. Whoever our promotions person is, I bet your mobile mic's got his finger in this. Anyway, some more bad news for the go-im. Yeah. Are you there? Some mega churches closing on Christmas. Well, I don't know what tells going out with that. How come, since when do we get a line or a one-a-clock on the show? For most of us to go and I'm, who knows how long it's been going on? Since what a clock? I think there's something really else stink when that promotion's apartment. I think we need to talk to Mad Max and mobile mic. Some mega churches closing on Christmas. Pastors anticipate lower tendons because the day falls on a Sunday. Christmas day December 25 is on a Sunday. So legal holidays the next day of the 26th which is also here. Boxing day eight and I'm working that day just to show you what a good true bariam. So George can go and celebrate all those festive holidays with his family. And now he's in several families. Is that the week you're on vacation? Well, both. I see. Are you going away? I wish. No? No. Well now that you're in or something, Josh, you check there. See, that's why I sent it to you because I'm going to give you the opportunity. You could have endorsed David straight ahead. You could have baked this signature on a back and I can do it. You could have opened the envelope there. I see. Well, why not? Well, see how much it was because I'm stupid. Start over the six. Yeah. Six dollars. Yeah. Like I said. No. You only wish it started with a six. Start with a six. Start with a six. Oh. And finished with a six. Oh. Then I'd stand. See how the whole week. What? George will help you. I just got a big fat one. This Christmas. No prayer is what we said in several mega churches around the country. Critics within the event. Evangelical community. More customers doing battle with departments, doors, and public schools. Over keeping religion and Jesus and Christmas are stunned by the shutdown. So what I'm saying was, oh my God. Although it's so literally correct. It's not bad. It's almost unheard of for a Christian church to cancel services on a Sunday. And opponents of the closures are accusing these combinations of bowing to secular culture, the secular humanist. I don't know. You're not burning now. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. You know, the human race is making almost no progress. And we're doing a real good job at destroying the environment. And I'm pretty soon the whole world is going to like, you know, have another big flood. Everybody be dead, but other than that. This is a consumer mentality at work. Let's not impose the church on people. Let's not make church in a way in convenience. They've a wealth professor of history and systematic theology at Gordon, Conwell, theological, seminary, a leading event evangelical school in Hamilton, Massachusetts. I think what this does is feed into the individualism that's found throughout American culture. Where everybody does his own thing. We don't want to individual. We want you to be a sheep. You know, it's how they're attacking individualism. That's the new enemy. Oh, that's not the new enemy at all. It has it. Well, but I mean, now more than ever. Now more than ever be a sheep. The church is closing on Christmas playing multiple service in the days leading up to the holiday, including on Christmas Eve. Most normally do not hold Christmas days. Services prefer instead of Markah holiday in the days of night before. But Sunday worship has been a Christian practice since ancient times since they were thrown in damn Christians of the lions. And they should never stop. County Parkinson's, folks of them, and for real, Creek community church in South Parenthood, Illinois. So church leaders decided that organizing services on Christmas Sunday would not be the most effective use of staff and volunteer resources. Besides who asked them, a lot of them, alter boys on Christmas day. And that's over and be a priest called in, do the priests. They don't care what they had it. The last time Christmas, on Sunday was 1994 and only a small number of people showed up to praise you said, if our target and our mission is to reach the un-churched, basically the people who don't go to church, how likely it is that they go to church on Christmas morning, she said. Not too likely, I guess, I won't. I'll be whistling up for that big show on the 26th and boxing day. Among the other mega churches closing on Christmas day, our South land Christian church in Nicola Stilk and tucking your lessons in on that so big, and the fellowship church in great fine Texas outside Dallas. The closure stand in stark contrast to Roman Catholic parishes, which will see some of their largest crowds of year on Christmas. I bet you're done, Carlyone, and the whole family will be in our Christmas day. Christmas day. They're going to baptize Connie's baby again. You believe in God. And may lie I do. And may lie in Protestant congregation, such as the Episcopal Methodist and Lutheran churches, where Sunday services are rarely ever canceled. Cindy Willison, a spokesman for the evangelical Southland Christian church, said, at least 500 volunteers are needed along with staff for Rund Sunday services for the estimated 8,000 people easily attend. And Yadiyati Adiyati and all the Southern Grasher crap. Aateshias makes, we're just drowning in a sea of religious insanity. And others turned to brainwashing, the media is hopping right in there. Oh yeah, now we're, we're drumming up support for the war. And now there's going to be all this terrorism if we pull out their all now. Counties in there. They're going to like attack the US if we pull out. Well, guess what, none of them were in there in the first place before we erect attack. Shut up, honey. When you hate America. Yeah, that's the whole deal. They weren't there in the first place. But don't confuse the confusing American public with the fact, the media's right there to help brainwash everybody. Oh, yeah, we got to like safety safety safety, bring that little bag back from a temple from your shoulder. Bitch. Safety safety safety safety. Take a safety pin and stuff it in your back. Come on and big ones. Every single big old safety pin. Yeah. Like they show the stock. You know, our store is always carrying a baby in a diaper with a big safety pin and about the size of a bowling ball. Other than Godfather, the first one and part two, what will be has to be the most in, uh, had the most sensational acting performances. We got 1140 votes for it quietly. 1140. I believe that was KXC on Waterloo Island was at 1040. Keep making that same mistake, dammit. And you know nothing about the good radio. Got that red. Well, that's because you were a conversation. And an IOD. Oh, God. One full of it all. I will say WNWS. That was, I'm not really sure whether it was KAT or that stage with the most embarrassing radio I've ever been involved with in my life. That was really bad. All the way, you know, we're like kind of pioneering and groundbreaking in the audience, that mentioned Luke Crohn's an idiot. Oh, that's right. It could work in Power 96. I'm sorry, Lou. You're an idiot. Well, but a jackass. Other than one, he is. He's, uh, he used to sit in the dark smoking a pipe in the dark with lights off the middle of the day and sitting in the dark. I've seen that act before. With who? That you remember? And Paxon? No, an IOD. Who's to sit in the dark with the, oh, oh, no, that's a whole different story. Oh, he was so good at cigarette. That's how I saw him. No, he wasn't smoking. He was. He was like, uh, he lit up his face smoking a cigarette or I wouldn't have seen him. And he's not even kidding me. Yeah. Yeah. There were sometimes I get there a little bit early to work. And I see the lights would all be on in that office, but uh, you could see the feet up on the desk. You'd be sitting in the dark. Anyway, and then it was the time I walked in there and he slammed that desk door closed real fast. You know, he said, hey, I'll take a powder. Oops, I mean, a VC powder. I said, but I don't even have a headache. Anyway, the best most sensational acting performance is one flow over a cook who's next 177. Shawshank redemption, 116. How can you keep coming after watch that? I don't tell you that to watch it. I don't know. I won't. Anyway, it was fine. And the acting up for as well as it's doing on the pole was that equate, but there was no heavy. Wow. And these people are nuts. Glenn Gary, you fair. Glenn Ross, 104. Scarface 75. That's another highly, and I don't understand the whole thing was camp. It was filmed in the camp. Wasn't that? The double Snyder's camp. Apocalypse now 67. Good fellow 67. Network 52 to kill a mockingbird 50. Remember, I can, I was, I was Fox. Was mockingbird. Oh, that's right. I think I got that. Dr. Strangelov 46, Shindler's List 40. Mystic River 37. Gone with the win 28. The X-Fercist 27. On the waterfront 26. P9, mutiny 26. Where can you improve dream 24? Great Santini 22. Magnolia 17, monster's ball 16. Gangs of New York 16. That's because it's got New York and Mutiny. Easy rider 15. Saving Ryan's privates 11. China town 11. Who is mockingbird? And if that's not a good look for you. Yeah, remember the ring there. When I was a James Taylor in the Carly Simon, was it? Was that it? So Charlie started together. Well, that's when they were married before she decided he was a jackass, and she got real credit for his music and his act too. Saving Ryan's privates 13. China town 11. Training the eight. Sun said Boulevard eight. Well, we got some old people. What kind of demographic are we aiming for? 90 plus. Probably we men seven. Mutal Ruse seven. Mentor and candidate seven. Young Frankenstein six. By the way, I got to new Marine Dow com. I'm going to read today. I'm actually Jimmy Cifle saying to me, oh, hey, I'm now the booster. I watch a booster and read more in doubt. Young Frankenstein six, deliver in six. What's the part of time in the West five? We're window five. The African Queen for African Queen state by the rear window. A lot. Dog day afternoon three. Not good. Donnie Brasco three. Donnie Darko two and happiness. Solentate dose. Only two. This is Neil Rogers. Who's it? It's a door. I 16. When it comes to sports, we are the author of the teacher. Next segment. Drust something special in the Rick structure. The rebuilding of this football team. We will be pointing at December 4, 2005 and say, that was the day this core group of players learned. How to win football game. The net dog. See that. Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? I'm 16. I'm 16. And Ron Rod, radio network. In ordinary day, we can make sure when you get there. They're going out. Are you all right? All right. I think so. But core accident. Millions of people experience this unfortunate incident every year. What insurance company has you covered? So when accidents happen, when disaster strikes. Think, **** happens. That's **** happens insurance. We know there are some things you can't control after all. **** happens. We got a lot of heavy rain from the start of the through. Fluttered my basement. Cost thousands of dollars. I lost a lot of my belongings. Who's devastating? But then I remember. **** happens. **** happens insurance. Covering your family when accidents and disaster strike. Because we know **** happens. **** happens insurance. The subsidiary of Holy ****. They incorporated. When 18 at five, CCI's second-ed emotion wholeheartedly. At 1150 votes, we're going to over 1200. That's not too bad. I don't know **** that they really don't like very much. Bad news for you, Joel. Bad news for Joel, fine burstine. Whatever the name is. Bad news. Even say Rosenkrans says a loser. Angry activists set to hunt Hillary. Says the New York Daily News. Oh poor Hillary. And rightfully so, Waffling, sell out bitch. Anti-war activist furious was sent to a Hillary Clinton or vowing to Bergog her everywhere she goes. Starting with a swanky man hadn't fun razor. Last night, this was. Clinton's letter last week clarifying her position on a rap, which included rejecting a timetable for withdrawal. Fanned the anger of some more opponents who decided to launch a campaign against the US. Union Senator. We're calling it Bergog Hillary, said Medea Benjamin of the Peace Code Group. Code Pink. What? Code Pink. I'm so mad at her, said Nancy Kirkorian. Code Pink's New York City Coordinator. We'll dog her wherever she goes. Kirkorian's group and several other plans to show up at the crowbar man last night where former President Bill Clinton was the top throw to fundraiser for his wife. A bubble beyond Hillary King did I long with a George Herbert Walker 41, 41 and 42. The idea is to have protests who has tailed the standard around the state and country and hopes him for a suiting her to oppose the war. Girl pair, bitch. Girl a pair and stop trying to equivocate and stop trying to be a envio and that and looking for that middle ground, middle ground. See this is the thing with the Democrats, almost all of them are such. They just such political horrors. Republicans, I mean as soon as it became a speedy entity, all went as far as the writers they could without falling off the face of the earth because we know the earth is flat. But the Democrats, they're just, they're just waffers and equivocators of most of them. Protesters from the group had erupted at Clinton's feet Saturday and Chicago and an unrelated group demonstrated her parents tried to identify the fundraiser and Kentucky. That's the one where she was talking about the flag-burning business. Code Pink is also organizing a bigger rally for December 20th when Clinton heads to San Francisco for a Bar Association benefit and an interview session with Jane Polly. All Polly will see her no more. Although she criticized President Bush's handling of the war in her letter, her no-time table stance particularly peaved the activists, their peoed man, they're peaved. Ever been peaved? Lately yeah. Stop laughing. Oh, do I love that word? How do you like that stop laughing? Stop laughing. Stop laughing. Stop laughing. And let's bring on, bring in the let's work on, bring the troops out and said, Bill Dobbs for a united for peace. Dobbs in Benjamin predicted Clinton already Democrat will lose a White House. Been 2008 if they run in a crow war platform. That's a lot of nonsense. It's just they didn't learn there. Listen for the predecessor. We did really like him, but not by enough to avoid a steel again. Democratic himself and Hank Shinecaw said Clinton has little of fear from anti-war activists. As long as she lost deliberative. The right way in the left wing, both of them moved her to the left, she can't let them do that. Shinecaw said. Clinton's office stood by her letter yesterday. In her letter said it would be a thought-flash relation to her constituents of her position on Iraq. A little over here, a little bit over there, and she's doing a Clinton. Or should play a little bit about it? It's too long to play the whole thing. Is it not? You don't think it's a foreign war movement. Two more people are just picking up the hunt. It's four minutes we can long man. Like I said, it's, I think it's just long enough. We know told we're fucking in your second chance. And everybody who doesn't have a right spot over two minutes. Over two minutes, and up and step by. On the test line, he didn't do the left a little. Two of us have been all eaten a lot to his eyes. Come on and take a step and it's with this young. Yeah, but it's a little bit tough. You're a total turn of balance. Total turn of balance. Take your finger as a knee. You'll see how this'll be. Everybody's in the same way. Come on, everybody. It's just a problem. When you start to fail, and the fun begins to wave. A complete trade and stage of bombing range. And everybody who comes up to the sea, comes on with dial over two minutes. That's a good thing. A little break and nothing step by. And under step by. He didn't do the left a little. Two more steps, and now he knew about two. Two right. And don't want to make it everybody happy. Everybody, now tell us the other guy who needs to bother about. Flying doing Jaffers please and another girl be in everybody too. Snow flies back all across, and have fun. It was part of end of the football game. Do you? Pierce fences. Shaping kind. Jam with the fame. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Heaven doesn't walk over, Heaven doesn't walk over us if you lay the stars There's your pale pain there in stradden Keep on trucking, fly it keep on trucking One day, one day, better time, one day, Time, two days, like the moments There's me, who don't promise to bear everybody Two days, two days, like the moments There's me, who don't promise to bear everybody Two days, three days, like the moments There's me, who don't promise to bear everybody Two days, three days, like the moments My offer to you is this, nothing I just think I've all agreed to you I've all agreed to you, I've all agreed to you That's why we had to accept them from the public Because I got caught in a bad public dose But one by a layman often they get their own And say, I say, it's not the right thing to say I think that movie or is that the natural I don't know about it here I'm not in those sports movies, okay? 25 past one, it's been a 60 to every few minutes So Hillary and Swiller race, she's like Loughlin And she's all over the place And she's going to make sure they don't burn him fags Or flags And all of a sudden the crap boys, so transparent Like looking through a pain and glance, they real pain We need somebody with a pair of balls Who get up and like shove from the rooftop You know what I'm saying? Somebody ask it, somebody like that Is what we need, no not that That is what we need But they're already, we literally him and they can try to make a Jack ass out of him 26 after one, oh look at this There's Jack Put those down here someplace where they're in But lunch coffee goes in Put those down there, he's like our buddy You go, we go boy, I'll push them, I'll push them right back He's got the chairs, I'm a chair I don't think he's been standing there chair Kind of some John Martha just went in A rough thing you played there before John her way through a dress for a shot off And he's got right away The way that he is going to be, no, he's going to be Martha has been the one We know who you, he's been the one He's got a huge pair Like here we have a fine thing A big ball thing He's got a pretty little ball with how he's taken off He was 30 years in a while, Marine Go ahead, he's talking to the child He's sitting there John on it, by going through a timeline And then he's got to let the president sit In May 1st 2003, the president declared Major and the Major operations Then, then he said John hammering John hammering was under Secretary defense And the Clinton administration And he found all kinds of trouble He said, you got three months Three critical months to get this thing under control If you're not controlled with security 12 months to the most, the three months are crucial The first three months They said, no things like sewage and water And things that a lot of people don't pay attention I pay attention because my dressery got super important But a lot of people paid no attention to that report I went there, this was July that hammering made his report And it was a very pricy and report I mean, it was very accurate report about the prediction That what was going to happen We have a copy of it here for you In August 16th, I went to Iraq for August 16th to 20th When it came back, I said to Secretary Runfield We required media detention of body armor They said they were prepared, they said they have what they need 40,000 troops and they have body armor They needed armored hub these, they need jammers And kept on buying a sass for it This was all levels of people in Iraq at the time And then I wrote to the President and September 4 And I said, I believe you have miscalculated The magnitude of the effort we are facing We should energize, or rocketize, and internationalize this effort And we have copies that letter in there Then we had the $87 billion supplemental in October of 2003 I said in the school that I felt the most important part of that supplemental was the construction money A lot of people voted against it because they didn't think we should be spending money in Iraq For construction, when riflewoods, the system secretary Welfelwoods have said, it's going to be paid for by oil money A lot of people opposed it on the floor, but it passed Handle it Then I went back to Iraq and I told Ambassador Bremer General Sanchez and General Adonero And the young general that was the public relation guy You guys are way too optimistic about this You're not being honest with the American people They took on which I guess the nasty letters As I usually do when I say something like this Now you remember I wrote to the President Except September 4th So two of that we don't have time to hear all of this, you know? No, we don't Okay, we got spots in the middle We're going to be talking when we come back Funny when I asked one, that's Jack Mercerby I like you say the next year when he tells the truth They don't like the truth, they can't stand it Anyway, it's that most of the time that you were going to see He had to credit malls, the crazy shoppers The long register lines, the parking hassles So this year makes you give giving a lot easier for you And your loved ones give me down and that's what's given to the ticket When you call 1-800-metrecyngorded, down and that's what's given to the population And a new better make a perfect gift that lasts for years When you call 1-800-metrecyngorded, you choose from the top names too Silly, sort of, Simmons King Quill Stewards and Foster Hewitt and Temporary 2 Maybe a suffrage from damage from the hurricane Maybe a mattress is done Maybe you need to bet for those last month, out of bite a halve I guess, call 1-800-metrecyngorded, same day delivered from 8 in the morning till 10 at night And you still get to pick the day in time for a little bit of free schedule Any to our window when it's convenient for use Now the mattress is part of the record of being on time 99.7% of the time Which is why they're right number one in customer satisfaction I've been using them for years for a long, long time and you ought to be doing the same Before those guests arrive pick up their total call 1-800-metrecyngorded, or log under their website at mattress.com 1-800-metrecyngorded, M-A-T-T-R-E-S, leave off the last S-B-Cuz it stands for Stupid Disaving This is real Rogers This is 5-16-2-8 Feel for a car It's a boat in a rock you would be inside In search of attacks, or go cowway, you still play No one can pronounce, look at it, it stands The sun who's saying to you, get anything You want to tell children they not dare to say the same thing Now all the rides you can finally get ready to go All running from cuff, I'm wish you guys a good evening Thanks for having two rules, I have transitions, I've been exposed I'm gonna stay both, talking for cover under the ground I'm dying out of the hand It's a really morning meeting back to a three-a-saw One of the new buildings met with people during the air war And he said, get your troops out of Saudi Arabia, the minute this one goes over You're on sacred ground, you're destabilizing the whole region I record that back to the state department, and if you know we didn't get our troops out And we left our troops out Then Laden said, he attacked the United States because of the troops in Saudi Arabia That's terrorism Terrorism was in London, terrorism was Spain, terrorism was obviously in the United States That's completely separate from what's going on in Iraq Iraq is in a servicing And one of the hearings early on, Secretary Wansfield denied it was in a servicing He said it was a gang of something or other But they wouldn't admit that they were having real problems over there They kept it So basically what he said is there are all lines and bushes, pieces of the days, usual was alive Did we know that already? Yeah, sure we did How about you want him or he doubt or not? I do Torturing the facts marine rights, he is so great in the printman He's such a great writer on TV, her appearances are, she just don't, she can't do it Keep her off a TV, she's just a silly person on TV But writing to polls no punches, we love her She says, our Secretary of State's turtoise defense is supposedly an unexistent CIA torture chambers in eastern Europe Was an acid flashback to Clinton in person Durses Bill Clinton, trans-terronged questions about marijuana use of iceberg during the 92 campaign By saying he never broken laws of his country, so kind of leaves a rise Trans-terronged questions about outsourcing torture by suggesting that President Bush had never broken laws of his country But in Bill's case he was only talking about smoking a little joint While County is talking about sensing people off the street and throwing them into lethal joints The US government does not the rise or condone torture detainees, she said It all depends on what you mean by authorized condone torture and detainees Ms. Rice also planned that the US did not transport terrorism suspects for the purpose of interrogation using torture But hey, as Ramea had likes to say, stop happens The President said he was a post-attorcer and then effectively issued regulations to allow what a normal person And certainly a victim would consider torture, Alberto Gonzalez had all had to find torture, DBS, he downward to the poor Where it's hard to imagine what would count his torture Under this administration, prisoners have been hung by their wrists and had electros attached to their genders They've been water-borted, exposed to a steam heat and cold and threatened with death even accidentally killed His Ms. Rice, and anyone is buying her loophole riddled defense Not with the attendants sinking around the CIA officers to last a month of the abducted A cleric in Milan And with Turkey Mata Cheney stalking around Capitol Hill trying to circumvent John McCain legalizing torture To see I seek good prisons by preventing Congress from requiring decent treatment for US prisoners As the Times has Scott Cheney reported a day of German man Colored on Mazi Reset, he was kidnapped, beaten and scurred at a way to Afghanistan by CIA officers And a parent case of mistaken identity in 2003 He's suing the former CIA chief George Tenant and three companies allegedly involved in the clandestine flights Mr. Mazi, a 42-world former Carl Sealsman, was refused entry to the US on Saturday He had intended to hold news conference in Washington yesterday But ended up talking to reporters over a video satellite link Telling how he was beaten photograph nude and injected with drugs during five months in detention Mr. Mazi resets her an interpreter, I don't think I'm the human being I used to be When Ms. Rice was a Stanford professor of international relations She would have flocked any student who dared to present her with a sort of wealthily This in January was typical she spotted on the eve of her European trip Maybe she figured if she was able to fool people with once with double talk about WMD She can fool them again with double talk about rendition As Tatters spreads about counties as a possible presidential contender We're left wondering once more who this woman really is is she doing this willingly or she ended by the powerful men around her as a Former national security advisor was had to present's ear for five years This he tried to fight the appalling attempts to shred the Geneva conventions or did she just go along with it Is she doing vices in the furious bidding on torture just as he did I'm getting up for the case for invading Iraq As Condi used weasel words on torture, Hillary took a weasel position on flag burning Trying to convince the conservatives that she's still got a bit of that gold water girl in her The woman who would be the first woman president is cost-ponsibly a Republican bill making it illegal to this Quaithy American flag the red status backing this measure are generally the ones who already can't stand Hillary So they won't be fooled the senator doing Centilian triangulating is just as transferred as the secretary doing Centilian parsing Speaking of silly master rates, who does judge Samuel Alito Jr. think he's fooling by presenting himself as a reasonable jurist Here's a guy who's entire career seems to be based on their interfering with women's lives He wanted overturned Roe v. Wade condoned the strip search of a 10 year old girl and belonged to a conservative alumni club that resisted the admission of women to Princeton All in all a bad week for women sheer torture to watch There's your girl there's Today's calm all right from the New York Times I'd kill America see there you go Twenty-tilt to outside your jack berth and he's whipped up into her friends Maybe this is a pattern now every time Bush comes down and lies with all these speeches that put jack berth on for a good time When I made my initial Proposal to read a plot of troops and to make a diplomatic effort And the only way I think this will work I don't think you can continue to draw down the way they're talking about they're going to withdraw There's no question they're going to withdraw I predicted a big proportion of troops will be out by next year But the problem is they're just as vulnerable the biggest vulnerability we have in Iraq is the convoys every convoys attack when I was in Anbar as the defa every single convoys was attacked it goes there to bring the logistics and supplies that they need That's the most vulnerable part of our deployment and if you have half the troops there you're going to still have to supply them reshapeline on the ground and they're going to be attacked And the other stop him he's making too much sense we want too much of this getting on the air. Probably like we've got our license if we had one 141 at five sixty away before you get carried away the audio of all this out Yeah, let's hear some more John Rook. Well, no, I got a spot here to do I'm just I'm just saying Well, we still got some actually paid spots to be put into the show to what and the show I said the show to show to show You know the show just how about to crow? Hey truth is when you do it a Imperial see why Ford is the best-selling bread of vehicles in the USA and it's not full of the only four deal The shop had his arms strong for the homestead now the holidays are here call them whatever you want maybe your car was damaged Or maybe you just want a new ride well now's the smart time to get on down in Sierra good friend David rich and let him put you behind the wheel of a great new arm strong for it Right now, I'm sorry for it. I'm still they've got a fantastic deal waiting for you all kinds of offers and incentives It $1,000 cash back or financing is a little 0% on a 4,500 or free store if $5,000 cash back on a store right tradition how about two grand cash back on a state and 2500 dollars cash back on focus No, hocus focus certain restrictions apply when you buy a Ford from Armstrong for you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program as well You heard right tires and batteries for life David rich and a staff at Armstrong for it. I'm said we'll guarantee the best price and don't forget because it's locally owned and operated They've been around a long time and will continue to be they want to see you for years to come so the future just like family to make you a customer for life You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere nobody in switch no phone a deal so called David rich at 305 247 51 12 and tell me what they're kneeled deal That's at Armstrong for the homestead 307 25 South, 60 highway 20 easy minutes south of the E36 check them on the web If you like Armstrong cars.com, but do it soon drive a few miles extra to save yourself thousands of great deal at Armstrong Ford of homestead. He said now Do I already the cure we not Well, but they were training to to attack the United States or our allies and that was important to us only reason I've sent a vector I don't think I think your Rockies would be glad to tell us with her cherry going outside their country once we're out of there Yeah, when in Dallas could they allow okay, so you don't have no spots we don't Well, I'll be damned. I guess I'm gonna have to do this story about the Kansas professor Well, and by the way remember I totally this morning about this thing about fundies Yeah, what's a fundee? That's the not not like Ted Bundy, but funding Oh and before I do this story Evangelist Graham's daughter gets to deal on battery charge You see this she's got a battery charger. Yeah, she's part of from Sally Fizz They tone up beach a daughter of work famous Evangelist Billy Graham son of a Greenwood prosecutors That would fear for my chrome charge at a messy violence according to documents filed in court this week Virginia Graham form in 60 Must attend counseling and completely required treatment for domestic violence that they missed her mean or battery charge Just missed form in a with charge with striking or husband Chad Robert form and at a shopping center parking lot in New Smurna beach on July 1 and was scheduled a face trial this week How do you like that? Must be real was Virginia form in the oldest and the degree of employment is no parking member work in Chad form and didn't want to press charges Those two factors that the prosecutors throughout the agreement for deferred prosecution We've got under the fact in circumstances that this was an appropriate sanctions have led to prove it spokesman for John Tanner State attorney for these sevens judicial circuit which includes allusia flag report and maintain John's counties Neither Virginia form in our attorney Michael Tiel were available for common on Monday when this has started to lay on Springs couple in the parking lot of a came mark Mostly through the parking lot looking for him as he hit behind a truck She chased him down. How do you like that? She's gonna run him over praise the Lord according to the former agreement. She must be supervised for a year or 10 counseling It must not fire the ink of the laws rack violently toward her husband She must also pay 50 bucks to the state attorney's office to the deputy and 39 bucks to move smurna beach police for cost related to the case How do you like that? More these other good holy there's so much better than we are you know, it's so good. They got something like that running around in the lose I know tell what that is yeah Now you can go ahead and hit the eggs We're gonna try to play him out of the other room. Okay stand by folks get on the edge of your seats pins We're just a man. Oh, you're just a community second This is Neil Ross Rexos This is five sixty two I'm gonna ask to address briefly the role of women and girls around the world I support the Government of the United States Speaking out strongly against the rights and choices of women and at the same time Promoting a very high rate of trafficking of young girls into Sexual slavery Unfortunately in recent years our government has not been making the commitment to this that I wish that it would Today for example, I'm sending the president a letter urging him to legalize prostitution and to make Raffles I Introduce legislation that calls for a clear global strategy to achieve universal prostitution But we've got to do more to back up our rhetoric with actions so I should participate Thank you all very much. Oh, you're welcome and wrap yourself up in a flag and good like you bitch. I mean honey Yeah, I never like her even a little bit, you know, because it was married to Bubba and what else? I'm trying to figure because she she wasn't George Bush I'll never like her. I'm just I would to say I would look warm about her would be a quite an exaggeration Tepid. They choose a phony No, yeah, so anyway, I got to get this in a Kansas professor who's plant course on creationism and television Design was canceled after he sent emails the right-in-Christian conservatives was taken to the hospital Monday, following what he said was a beading Oh, it's that little Christian love give me some love, man Give me the love University of Kansas religious studies professor Paul Marquee told the Lawrence journal world a two-man who beat him We're making references to the class that was to be offered for the first time is coming spring Originally called special topics in religion and tell you design creationism and other religious mythologies The course was canceled. I if we can mark these request The class was added after the Kansas Board of Education decided to include more criticism of evolution and size standards for elementary and secondary students I don't know them Melecki said it was like the sounds, but I'm sure they knew me One reason email from Marquee to members of a student organization refer to religious conservatives as fun these as And they put the fun and fun of medalism and said of course in describing until the design is mythology would be a nice slap in their big bad face Marquee's a Paul judge for those comments, but he's that a very good point Lieutenant Kerry Wimpy spoke to him for the Douglas County Sheriff department said a deputy was dispatch Loz Memorial Hospital after receiving a call around seven o'clock Monday morning. We're guarding a battery Sally probably dropped it She said Marquee in 40 was attacked about six forty a in the world Douglas County south of Lawrence. He told me paper He was driving a breakfast. Well, you know it's a two-man tailgating when a pickup truck I just pulled over hoping they would pass then they pulled up real close behind they got out and I made a mistake You're getting out. He said the men beat him on the head shoulders and back with their fist and possibly a metal object That we said Marquee drove him to the hospital Marquee told a student newspaper that he spent between three and four hours at the hospital His injuries included broken to a lot of teaching the face to the messenger of the Lord The Omsan do not miss the Lord and do never miss what in good Christians About your pardon Now with all my supposed to do and I you like messed up all my all I know you said I always have back time this thing I got my coat on already. I got my shoes. I'm fully dressed all I got my pair of shawl. I got my burka. Yeah, yeah, I'd ready to do a little work in my burka got your rubbers I got some rubbers out I'm ready for an exciting time. It would buy now. I wish I was going to fall. He would instead those rubbers are coming handy there 1241 votes out of hole today. You won't mess with me. I'll get this stuff by time. I'll see to the hand Yeah, we had no problem. No sweatskiel. Okay. Moist coming up next by the way and then bowl after mole For the mad dog who's got a very well deserved they off after a tough week's a tough schedule We got just the angular. I mean just see what's his name? Algier Algi He was on a seven eight because we got the pants again pants a preview rate and then Panthers and the stars from Dallas with Gully and Silly read Read your Randy Eddie came for the hockey game. Okay. One full over to Kukus. Next one 88 Shah Trank redemption 125 Glenn Gary Glenn Ross You fare 14 Scarface 77 good fellow 75 apocalypse now 70 net work 59 I'm only gonna read few until it's so that time to kill a Machinburg 54 Dr. Strange glove 49 shindlers less 43 and Georgia's pissed. I ain't seen shindlers list That's right you'll get around to mr. River 39 the excess is 29 gone with a win 28 and the keen on mutiny 27 and after that small potatoes Yeah more What is all this book Over the city Rosa parks ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson have sure Rosa parks run on the bus But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man and played with balls in a major league of a children's game I mean like I mean come on who's done more put a black community Rosa parks or Jackie Robinson Jackie Robinson was my hero why I can remember when I was a much younger man and Jackie He was working at the drop full of nuts. I walked up to him shook his hand And said you are my hero Look at the acropacoffie and make it black you think Rosa made coffee that heavenly Mother level you're a small I think what you're doing Hey, hey wait a wait a wait a whoa whoa whoa whoa Oh, are you a black man? Yes, I can't tell a little about who did more put a black community Rosa parks or Jackie Robinson Oh, it's two separate things what you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism Well, not that I'm original Oh, he must have been disconnected through no fault of my own Oh they anytime até urever and oh I wanted to hi tolls, more HamЧ Debt No, no garlic was that what I saying a no Bucker, they're walking it it goes up like this move dead more up in a black community Rosa parks forazzi Russell blitz in Roswell I got it up the. Something boy is a garden why Right Now who did more? There's a box, a slappy white. Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh good boy! Who's the box of latches? Who's the boy? Who's the boy? Oh my God! Who's the boy? Whoever got the boy's box! No! No, no, that's not what you're doing together! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Get your stuff off. Hey, tell me what you got to do. Shoot! I'm gonna break my old bell joy. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!