I'm your daughter, Shrivel. Are you going to do one thing, Shrivel? It ain't cool being no child. Turkey. So cool things. Give a lot of kind of turkey or you're looking for. I'm sorry. They can do a check now, don't you? No, don't you? We need your teddy bear tonight. Right. So, I need the turkey. Play off by, Brian. What did you expect? I took this. This is a birdie. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Why is there a thing here? I can't. I can't. For the Thanksgiving dinner. All I can make is cold cereal or maybe cold. Well, I cooked the turkey. Why do you mean you cooked the turkey? It's good to be the big finale. We're going to take you down to the ring of fire. What kind of a Thanksgiving dinner is this? He was the Thanksgiving dinner. Did you see that? I'm possibly large-fledged for what that would have happened. I'm not going to be there. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. At least to be a secret or heat prime, the turkey. They're stir-fitted on the news on that last night. Did you see it? I did not know. And people are burning their houses down and deep-frying. Everybody's into, well, well, well, well, it's wrong with the old traditional way. Just cooking them, thinking the oven. Or on the flavor way would be good. Now, what you got to get an extent. Get the extent here. It's like a big plastic ring and you stick your ring on the thing. And you can put even a big burden there. But I would imagine it's great. Anyway, we're not going to waste any words today. It's Thanksgiving Day and Josh courtes is on the other side. Donuts. I would need too many of those. Spore your appetite for mom's fantastic Thanksgiving feast. I wouldn't worry about that. And if she's a really good cook, they even say, Yes? Good. So you said the other day. Anyway, here's the pull result from me yesterday. Who's the ugliest WQN personality, 134 votes, and a humper. Oh, no. I just second time in the desert. I think four years ago, maybe five years. We took this pull last time. And a humper keeps winning. Nobody can touch the humper. Speaking of the humper, I actually got his breakfast order from How is he? You just got his breakfast score from How is? It's right. Because you were wondering. Yeah, I actually got it yesterday. Oh, but you're going to be surprised. All he gets. Coffee coffee and an English muffin. Which is all carbs. That's not a good idea. See, he'd be better off getting an omelet and making maybe some bacon. He doesn't get it. He doesn't understand the carbs thing. And I write, that's all right. One of these days, will all be dead. Who's the ugliest WN personality, Hank Goldberg, 421? Mohawad David at 337, who, I guess, is dumb for the week, huh? That's right. He's dumb for the week. It said Curtis was going to fill in for him tomorrow. Now the beast. And you just hear what he said. He's going to be filling in for Mohaw. I wonder if Mohs happy about that. Oh, that's a little porked off about that. Absolutely. Anyway, Moh comes in second. He was given Hank a little one for for wilder. 337. It's very respectable second. The beast comes in tied for third with Joseph Gacky. Old Weeepus. 139 of piece. Yours truly, I come in fifth. 125. I'll work on be a little uglier if that's possible. George Rodriguez way down. After the top five, it's way down. George got 47. Goldies got 22 votes. Leningmark test 15. But then again, nobody's ever seen Lenny. Or Lenny Wells Aquaries got 15. But even though he's got 15 votes, he's still rock solid. And I dog 15. It he K 12. Troy's trying for eight. Curtis, Stevenson six. And three people had to cahoons the stones to vote for big timbable camper. A big ugly guy. Okay, we got to pull today. What's your take on the Marlins leaving South Florida? Not looking too good, Josh. No, he's not an art crowd. They're not like, especially considering this is your Marlins station. 220 votes. What's your take on a Marlins? At least they're threatening to leave. We're leaving. I'll pack him a sandwich. I don't care a bit. 56. Who cares? Not that they've done so much talent. They're having to make fire sale. 28 people said to hell with them. I'd miss baseball somewhat. 28. I'm pissed off. 15. They're just bluffing. 14. They'll get a stadium 11. They can't leave. Josh needs that job. 8. And I'll miss them badly. Only three. Only three. That's pretty weak in it. Yeah. So in other words, the first four categories. You got like 121. Almost 150 out of 10 28 votes. Like bye bye. Go left to door hitch any answer on a way out. People are getting tired of it. Anyway, we're going to play a comedy bit to the old day. You know, we could take me quest. But first of all, Josh has got a lot of food to eat. And there's so he's definitely not going to answer the phone. And I'm sure he's all not. Not showing up here on Thanksgiving Day. And secondly, we could have you a fact in you. We could take one. WDQAM. Hello. Take a more deal. Yes, sir. Have you been saving? And you too. You know, the Marlins organization is become just like wood by giving me the money. And then return. Right. Okay. Thanks. Oh, and by the way, talking to those panthers like I tried. I tried a little psychological edge there. They're going to win. I said four to three. And Josh goes to the game last night. And by the end of the first period, you could have left. That was this tragic quote in a row. I did. You did lead after the first period. I told you they scored three goals in a minute. I know that. I said it to the period. I'm going to have to coach if you want to meet it for the skate song. Maybe I could have a block a few shots or something. Well, we're going to try that next home game. I'm going to stick your ass in the net. Okay, that's it for my comment. I said, come on. I said, come on. Just sit back in the wax and do it. Roasted. Criter. It's tough. It's the coldly criter. All is warm. In my life. In the air. In the air. In the air. It came out from the dark as we know it's winter. It's winter when the wind is streaming. It is very bright in my eyes. Someone please cover the eyes. Slide in front. Do me for it. My cheeks were spread of war. Criter. I guess I drank too much eggnog. So try to bring me. I'm going to hold over just the machine. Open the window with the please. Slide in front. Do me for it. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. There's a moment where I know how well the wealthy people go. It's where I go and that's why I like about the OK. But down there, he goes on and there's a story. And then he goes on and there's a role. And that's why I like about OK. And then 10 grand on, no more speed. And the day when you were a big race, you should take these delicacies. And that's what I wanted about the OK. But please, it's OK. Now, BF's are both the rules that we find further. And being rude, that's what I wanted about OK. And then I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. I said, come on. Come on. It's the funniest movie of the year. Just in time for Thanksgiving. It's a fantastic turkey, man. It's a turkey. A big fat turkey. I said you're turkey free. It's a sexy, turkey mass figure. It's a big finale. It's a turkey jump to the ring of fire. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's a real hell. This is the new Rogers. This is five-flat-shame-same-same-same. New God. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It is a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ily century from Ilya. It's a little Old lady from Ialy. It's a little old lady from Ily 所以 那Nick's chain from thyÄôs. You put your open neck with legs and legs? You never see your arm and soul? Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby baby Love you baby not thy single kisses like a lizard love me like SnBye look at me real that's today! B gol rollana They kill like Rick tonight Lesser man whatever Link wish the task at the onset of blindness, but user look past those cataracts and see your holiday Do And when you drill on the bird it's almost like they say So the next time you're towering under the tape Open beyond hope that the love of old coost Doesn't so right through it raise our mango drumstick in salute to Mr. elderly turkey carburetor a rail of american hero We're shaking so much there's no reason to plug it in It's a wrap by the way son, I beg you, but it's a story I'm saying What do you think it is? I know that me and you in the do Much better go with six to ten and not invite a gentile in the cranky tool I think we might be happy to get there I think you really got out of your mind You got to have your wee wee bed Strasse on too tight No chance I'll always show it to And I'd rather die with the grabbeats and Why all help you know God almost think about you You're a good one I've been with you I have really body but you're not fine I mean Me and all this that would blow No way that if we had a fight that you survived Oh by a little trick in a Kyle and pushing knot that's Theatically An St Я estoy St workloads For me is much better assist to ten Not survive. It's only right that. I should get worse. Deputy But like I think we might be happy to get there. We're blessed to get there. One more. One more. We need to get there. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. I went to everybody bed. And it's a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, a win, an win, one of them on the left of Nasa NA Gas ρian horse. The rat could hold her. There he is, hold. We here at Badanaman can bring you back. Using the special deep programming techniques we've developed. Boy, boy, boy, boy. Boy, face your husband's hand. No, it's you. My husband's hand. Who's that real? I've never been able to get a date with Sandra Burnhart. I was fine. I owe Madonna none. Everything. Don't waste a minute. Call Madonna none today. Get in touch with yourself. If wait, let me with phrase that. Use the beauty mark and find out who you really are at Madonna none. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. You. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Cover up. No. Are you going to buy this? No. No. No. You are a good man. No. Fill yourselves up with weightings. No. Do you not care? Come. on the next opera you'll be shocked you'll be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again opera makes your wildest dreams come true today every one in the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new liver then tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new u-ve-al-all the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm all for giving away great stuff you didn't have to pay for even those you could be fully afford to and next season every body in the studio audience gets eaten If the land is very steady for divorce, And all you have left is dance along to that wedding band, When you give it out for one night, yes of course, Because she's the sexiest woman in the world. He's a creation out of every body of the project to feed. She's a sexiest, she's a hero of no more than, Because the party wanted me to be her and not she. You're a man! You're a man! Hello, you have a part. What the hell is a minor, you only? You're a man! You sound like your cry. I think I can never get in the bus, I am a man! You've been kidnapped by alien! You've been kidnapped by alien! Where they don't take you! How will I keep it? How will I be that in a market? I can't do it. Where? In Mexico. Where? In Mexico. Yes, I was in Georgia. No, no, no, my second. Okay I don't believe you know that you don't have to lie to me I believe you They get sure here You say short hearing me luck, Ryan C. Cresher. Oh long isn't that Long like Fabio I believe you are you cannot pick you. I'm not a seven eleven Love you. Yes, can you get me a slurpee? Slurpee What? Slurpee? What? Like a blue burner wall I just think you're not, I think it's your slurpee All right, I'll get it myself You really been kidnapped honey? My alien to the blue bed. Alien's driving blue van. Yeah. It's like a Chevy van. No. So the Ford. No. What kind of van is that? Does they do anything to you? Is that pro me? No. Oh, give me a ride. Yeah. No. Like love to you. No, you in yet. I'm not coming. I want to stay at the 7 or 11 Do you know what a murder may be? No. What? No, I don't. But I forgive you. I don't care. Incommon. I'm not coming. I'm not going to. I'm going to see. Bye bye. Love you. Take it. I'll leave you. I'll leave you. Goodbye. To leave me. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5602 phase. From the twisted minds who brought you Halloween comes an entirely new dimension in horror. Don't look in the oven or you'll experience the stock. Make it tell about it. Thanks, give it. A family just like yours. It's a bird that was once alive. Nice tapping. And they eat until they feel like they're going to explode. Oh, oh. But it doesn't stop there. Uncollet there. No, it's time to entertain me in love. Is that fish I smell or that dog? I'm allergic enough. And you'll think they're never going to leave. So, uh, wait a minute. What do you say? And just when you thought you could escape by watching TV, you'd have scum. There is no way. Oh, now game number two. A large holiday in about five group full hitters. Thank you. The annual terror is fact. Is that a good land? Oh. Hopefully, you're going to die and groom near you. If anybody has a pain, yeah. Descenting from our way. If they should name it to the sea, down. I'll pin to me out the stage. Don't even come on. Who quads down? There's follow-unto a thing. Everybody's running back. Manchester S State, New York mayor Santa New York Rio de la Igual Historic Aست du Diaz John, y'all, y'all. Lew leur stadium, y'all also has a minute and a peace of mind, But man don't be useless. And you will never give up on the objective, as long as the budder starts to bleed stones. That's my baby. And I'll save you from under이스 and hell. Let's go! A roving chain is worse than you Let's just do it say Please don't mind you see our jobs, bro A bad economy's poor We're passing day to night chain, bro Don't be so stupid, bro All down on the street, the tax of Paris is way Everybody's turning trash in, trash at your ass Oh, come on! Jesus, man, we're Christian, fuck, we're all brothers, brothers Oh, Jesus, man, we're Christian, fuck Everybody's turning trash at your ass Oh, man, trash at your ass Oh, you'll be going close to the left And we'll go down, bro Right now, I can't even hear the candles And you should've come to rip the collar, bro Oh, man, man, man, man You should've tried to let me through Oh, man, man, man, man, a portion of doctors Oh, Jesus, man, you should've made a huge doctor Why pay me one little buy and I can't hire your race Oh, the father there is this one serving Oh, those are strong words of honor And I'm gonna be so hungry, and I'll stay strong They're getting the food from the house, and you'll take this away I'm tired, 10, I'm pushed, and I'm fed with her, ready? Oh, we'll offer this to the great guy, Anna, to play with you, bro If they're ready, we have to want to get there, dear We put the fondant muscle in the oven And then, we'll raise to the oven to forgive you When your choice of bloodslee a point in view So we know, down to the five of us, go And this part of the daily never win, right now Oh, we'll be so fast We'll be so full for the help of you, dad Oh, we'll be so fast We'll be so fast, we'll be so fast I love you so much See, come back Another day that you like the yes See, I can't check, no need Don't shoot, don't shoot him, back You can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do the same thing, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, don't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, she said they sued that bad young man. Because it was being a shit We call you back to the world and we pray And we'll be back for the world We'll give you a thousand today We'll be back to the world We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure We'll give you a thousand treasure That was your sword I got you I got you I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! Ladies and gentlemen, this is Leftovers Number 5. All thanksgiving day everybody, the booze that was on their plate. We had turkey with all the fixers, grandma said, feed up because there's lots more in the area. I had to stop because there was so stuff. Five plate fools was quite enough. I had black meat, dropped meat, turned up and stuff him. A button not pants, dogma band, it was bustin'. When it was time for me to get out of there, Grandma gave me the life to tough for me, full of gravy potatoes. I'll be eating all of this and do a Christmas. There's nothing to say to all of them, I tell them that potatoes had turkey small ones. I did a bit of a hand on my left and four. And I needed a piece of old wrist for what, somewhere there was all set aside of cheese. What's a little bit of a hand on my shoe sleeves, a little bit of a hand on my feet, but it's not my just to lie down. All thanksgiving day everybody, the booze that was on their plate. Leftovers Number 5. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. I got the volume panel back, I'm getting sick and took your food. I wish I had my body back, and don't do much good standing food. Go drag that down the top of the square, go crazy, shining ball, and I could feel the white line, and now we're getting wrong. You're getting better, right there. All the airs are flapping, and I can't cry, all the airs are flapping, all the airs are flapping, all the airs are flapping, and I can't cry, and we could shop this wrap through through. I wrap the gift five times, and move the towel down the way. All the airs are flapping, shining ball, and I can't cry, shining ball, all the airs are flapping, shining ball, and I can't cry, shining ball, all the airs are flapping, shining ball, all the airs are flapping, all the harbour, no cold, no air, time to see, no cold, no cold, we have three-part and damn wind, no cold, no cold, no cold, I can't cry, I can't cry, he's present in the snow, great power, good muscles, and in our take in the video, I don't know why, they all want to tie, but no need to, there's more to there for you, may��고 ya'. And this road is rich yet Don't go easy then Love her than me I just keep my face President of the You don't care what it's all You got a man by her firm broad You're a Christian All I know is what's best You and I are like a bull We've got a great leader I'll be right back Great President of the You and I do have a Brother I do have a This Thanksgiving Mr. Potter, what a magical Concoction have you created for us? Return to the magic What do you think young areas Cooked us a right-point meal I'm a jerry for a hairy Potter Come on Mr. Potter We haven't got all night It's a traditional Thanksgiving meal with turkey And a giant magical chip Harry are you aware of a child's Diplitis on fire Harry Potter and the chip Fire Harry you have released this Cube little fire into Hogwarts And only you can stop it But I don't want to What I'm not going to do it Harry you're not going to do it I'm not going to do it I'm not going to do it I'm not going to do it I'm not going to do it I don't know if I'm going to put that gun down Harry Damn I'm lying you where am I bought it Harry Potter is a school And gangster is a home Mr. Mr. Harry Potter and the chip And a fire Start starring directly If it's Harry's new dog If it's a visitor If it is a country ice cube If it's a chip And a fire They did all right John Farenle attacks he's carrying a butt head driver Said real power You look bad mean So quishy-curing I could tell he wasn't a dog So I acted out my pop shoe raid And with my arms the trees I made No bug speaks English and a momma I went down to my young man beach where the weather is nice And shunning I walked into a little storm But the guy there talked real fun I saw some pop night of fortune Beam is just naughty and the what does that mean But it's a dangerous animal That caused a deline Hell I think I'm in Pakistan It's English smelly Are you going back to the war Yeah I don't say much as grossly as I'm pretty good So get yourself to a classroom Quick you're American now Stop making me sick But it's dangerous Don't run away Stop having the stabs down Absolutely Stop having the stabs down I didn't think I was in the past Stop having the stabs down Even if it's like it's messed up Stop having the stabs down Is it for me? It's not as I thought Stop having the stabs down Stop having the stabs down Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Stop having the stabs down Stop having the stabs down I don't say much as I'm pretty good Because I think I was in London Don't I've got to take that back I've got to take that back Jesus Christ is so bad It'd be never shut up Chucky Hahaha Stop having the stabs Stop having the stabs down We're just like a man Stop having the stabs down Music ruby hands up, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm stops, the palm Mel The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love The foot-mitcher in high love And those I'll see, God is the friend, Glory and praise, O Canada, Peace, paradise, God, Amen. O Canada, Peace, paradise, paradise, God, Amen. Coming up tonight, On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, He couldn't make it as a pop star, Until he became a silver star. Then he made it as a pop star, So many quit the soap opera, And he wasn't a pop star anymore. You do the math. He, Was we experiencing it? We're still not a justice girl. We're still not a justice girl. Hey, you people trying to say I wasn't a legitimate rock star just because I was on general hospital. Rick Springfield is still in serious denial about why he sucks. Look, you better watch it or I'll or you'll what Rick, Sit there and look cute at me. What? Bring it on, Nancy Boy. Hey, hey, I want a Grammy. Like that means you're any good. I've tasted of honey, want a Grammy. Oh, exactly. These guys. Oh, these apples beat Elvis Costello for best new artists, So take your I want a Grammy theory and shove it Springfield. I, I don't know what to say. Just admit that the only reason you had a hit was because a bunch of women wanted to get in your pants When you played Dr. Noah Drake in general hospital. I guess you're right. What about you? When you mean, you want to get in my pants too? Uh, I'm not out of here. It's a big juicy shopping web look it showed me. You better look it inside the box. Alright. What do you want? I can be seven a QA and I can be thanks to you too. It's a new one. It's a false alarm. Well, I was our first technical screw up of the day. We've had so many technical problems. That would be bad. No, no, no. So I enjoy it so far, Josh. I'm good. I'm watching some things. I'm my computer. I'll bet you. I hope it's one year though. You're listening because you never know one of these bits. It might be one of those. That's right. Oh, I'm listening. Yeah, better be right on that button man. You better have both thumbs on it and the button too. Try to have 18 votes on our poll so far today. What's your take on a Marlon's leaving South Florida? I'll pack a message 89. It's bad. I don't care about 77. I've missed baseball somewhat 40. Who cares now that they dump so much town 37. It's the old Marlon's fire sale, baby. I'm pissed off 21. They're just bluffing 19. They'll get a stadium 16. They can't charge needs that job 11 and I'll miss them badly. Solumenti Ocho only 8. Can we let Oya start set a lineup today in fact we're the only regulars that are like showing up because we care enough to sit over do it. Yeah. That's why it's always been a play to rack. I want to over do it too much but nevertheless we got Jesse Angler and Tom Keller. Keller her at the two Curtis Stevenson and Lennie Marquez at Florida Sapp No will have an interpreter for you and then just shut it off. This is New Rogers. This is 5.16. This is the New Rogers show. No. When someone done a strong we didn't take their grann. In Pearl Harbor there were the gen's dropped their bombs. We bombed them back and now the sun is made in a sign. And on our cards our little flags wait. As that's all you love and recharged voice of honors the wrong way. And of embarrassed to be in America where they follow those like seeds do night and stay some hourglass. But by God's sake the family breathing at this country. Appearant voices of our disakes and our sister leaves. I don't want to be a tax-abarant man in that. Who has saved me? What's of you? Thousands of innocent lives stopped living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe and anyone who says that obviously. And afford to be. And of embarrassed to be in America where we pay three hours in police. When a flag is worn with our head in the sand, it's lively hollow with a power set fee. And I got out of the bread for that. Watching states from you who's on a 65-inch screen. Scratcher from five everything's okay. In the USA. Oh, right. I went to Dolphin's training camp. I have to make saving who will it be? Will it be AJ? Will it be Sage? Here's what makes it to me. God's for us for us. For us. Our starting QB will be. I think we'll have victory with for us for us. Just to wait and see. I saw an exhibition game. Watching him play was like a bad dream. I saw him fungled. He dropped the ball. It made me want to scream. Cos for a Tika. Whatever it is you need. Your offense has gone to sing with the corrupt for a while. He can't score to you, dude. Just for a rock. The I repeat. That's a looser. If you play for a rock. You will be sorry. I'm dying out of here. I don't know how to call him. He said, no, but one is great. He didn't know how to name it in his own. I don't even know how to name it. I don't even know how to name it. I want your Tika and J.P. J.P. It's a great corner. I like J.P. Not to mention, he's got extraordinarily smooth detox. Oh yeah. He's got to be careful. Thank you. No, no wait a minute. Oh go. I have nothing else to say. I'll be there. How about this? I was the way the down there in the mirror mode. I'm right down the street. I have to go. I know. I know. No. I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old tentations. How's that? I'm not way true. That was the only call that we had. The things I know is growing again. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Wow. He's got things. We can't say. I don't know. I can't say. And I'm so full in my phone. You'll call me. I don't know. And you'll go. And that's your ideal thing. I'll roll past the empty empty empty tentations. Wait till I shine. I'll fly. I know. I know. I'm something. Stay. Almost every day. I think. And I think. And I think. So today start a table. I don't know. I need to go. I always go. Yeah. Oh. I don't follow my path. I think. You'll learn. For a beautiful next school. It's a beautiful place. Cut. With love. Mark? For two hours, two, three. I'm saying. You son of a bitch, Dad. How is your mother? I'm screaming. Aren't you? My father. Come. My father. You don't know? I'm so glad to see you. I'm so glad to see you. I'm so glad to see you. She's going to be waiting for me now. Looks like the breaker of time. Now, she's from the mighty world. Father, for Shaxon, he fell in ice for the sunrise, not now. It's happening when she realized. She raised for the remaining clouds. Father, for Shaxon, he fell in ice. She fell in ice for the remaining clouds. And she raised for the bright and sad things. She's a trout snake. And she's not grateful to me. Father, for Shaxon, he fell in ice. She's at the summit. What's like he's married in a horrible between the skies and clouds? The sky is melting down. She doesn't need to fall. I bet she's always crying. That's the big window that she saw. Father, for Shaxon, he fell in ice. She fell in ice for the rest of the night. She fell in ice for the rest of the night. And she pushed that side to the end of the cloud. And she fell in ice. And she fell in ice for the rest of the night. And she fell in ice for the rest of the night. Father, for Shaxon, he fell in ice for the night. And she fell in ice for the rest of the night. Now, from Washington, the McGlockland route, featuring Eleanor Cliffs, Jack Cermand, and sitting in for a pat-fuket and New York Giant Tiki Barber. Now, here's John McClickland. Is she on, George W. Rings of Alt. Eleanor Cliffs. Well, John, I have to say. Come on, Jack Cermand. Come on, Jack Cermand. I have to say to what, Rome, Axel Anzer, for Axes Eye. What, what, they're naming a choice. Next issue, Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the funk or cast. Eleanor, she, I think, is falling off. Well, John, I have to say. Long, Jack Cermand. Why, it's a very difficult choice. Rome, Tiki Barber. I'm going to have to say, right. Not a choice, we need Tiki Barber. You gave it in to the last time there wasn't a choice. Correct response. Here's the next issue. The cast of Big Brothers should be murdered. How? Eleanor? Rome, Jack Cermand. Rome, Tiki Barber. I don't think they should be Tiki. Rome, Axel Anzer. Poison, pudding. Bye-bye. I'm the Tess of the Gag. The big squids. I'm the arm of my spikes. Yes, I'm the Titan guy. Who's counting my complete. And showed him that he'd be yours. And he's talking really quick. I'm the Titan guy. Who always is a nerd. I show call William. That the truth can really hurt. You're the Titan guy. That's James and I'm a bomb. So I'd say you, that you, I see you, that you've done. I'm the Titan guy. Who's my wife and him, my father. I only love my fight. And the big squids make a problem. I'm the Titan guy. Who makes the people laugh. And put them in down. You know, the minute's gonna happen. I'm the Titan guy. Who makes the people laugh. Just because I keep all my trash and fucking fear. I'm the Titan guy. And the public just has me. And if you don't believe it. And you had better ask me. I'm the Titan guy. That's what I'm supposed to do. I'm the Titan guy. I'm not even a pro-man. You go blind. I'm the Titan guy. And this fight's something my favorite. I'm a Titan guy. So what if you don't believe it? I'm the Titan guy. And this is Neil Rogers. This is by 16A. Jr. It's sat on the table. A little too long. I think my wife's may-go. She prepared it wrong. Last stomachs we watched that first. She was a little bit scared. But that's why the turkey gives me cramps. I love playing. I love playing. It's my thing. So fast Neil wins. I don't know how I'm sick. What a kick. But you asked the A shouldn't have. Put on that stamp. I'm the Titan guy. I'm the Titan guy. The A shouldn't have. Put on that stamp. Because that turkey gives me cramps. I had four helping. Like some kind of nuts. And that fat turkey kick please. Right in the gut. Now I turn green and I might throw up. Because that turkey gave me. That's a cool, cool bird gave me. That turkey gave me the cramps. When he's a fella has me. Oh, who has the money from his daddy. Oh, and as I said my little granny. Oh, with an agenda that's not a big deal. I'm the Titan guy. I'm the Titan guy. I'm the Titan guy. Oh, and as I said my little granny. Oh, with an agenda that's not a big deal. Oh, with an agenda that's a lot of money. Oh, well he's the fella has me. He's the fella. I need it. Go for that a fellow. A fellow with a president who doesn't have to run. No one else is going away. He might as well just, move right in. Oh, she heard. She heard. She heard. She heard. She heard. She heard. He has to go to Spoon. He wouldn't board with a disaster. So look at all you do. You're ready for the death, he's a talent, I see that thing. Oh, you'll give our civil rights a wavy. Oh, my name is a talent, I see that thing. Oh, my name is Bellay. Bellay, Bellay, Bellay. Bellay, Bellay, Bellay, Bellay. With very, very few who never came to do, we've been here with all these grows, she called. She called, she called. She called, she called. And he snucked with that rage against Buddy, but they were clearly a think-day call at Gilbert. The Tory-aligning race, he's a tower heavy-noddy. Oh, do they take me, heavy-noddy? Oh, I need this talent, heavy-noddy. Oh, my name is Bellay. Bellay, Bellay. Bellay, Bellay, Bellay. Come on, they know. Let's go, boy. I need that I was testifying on their oath, and I told the truth. And today, I'm telling the truth again that I did not do this intentionally or normally. The Orioles say, women, get worse with it, free-in-in. But so these are praises, kind of looms of job. So, says, got no call. She, I'm busy with your paparos, she also's moist now with a nightstand for a nightstand, with a walk into the small, swimming in all the fences of the Jews, the small, making their sweet off the fences. They test them all, and eat just a bunch of lime. And have never, you silly. They're following free-run shots with routine parties. Like, my name is Bellay. Bellay, Bellay. There's nothing for me to gain in everything, though. And while I do this, I was going to get the 3000Ks. And I think my head just makes no sense. I'd never thought I'd find the gun, they'll ride, that I'd be through the roundies today. Now, the classic set of wheels, which don't sell where you're broken for a nightstand. Now, we pick these with garlic and the dribbling school, and the dyes of the vassies, I got the chance of the quick carry-up. So, I got the wheels down, and I thought it would be easy, because they easy don't want those wheels. The swimming freshman off the streets, not the smell that gets the dusty look into this time. I thought that'd be easy to find, the shining ground of the light blind, that's my coffee, shining juice, I've been washing it with all the rolling. So, all they wear, over the night of carry-up, they do prove to me to all the babies. I'm going to drop it through, pulling over the sheep, don't stay in the school. So, all they need, first of all, in doing nothing fancy to be in thinking for them. So, all they need is, and that's it. Language tape, number six, the convenience store, follow along and repeat, convenience store manager. Hello, may I be to helping you please? Repeat. Hello, may I be to helping you please? Customer. Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Are these the Parliament lights? Repeat. You want to follow me, may I? Customer. Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Are these the Parliament lights? Repeat. Is these the Parliament lights? No, neither one of those is the Parliament lights. No, no, it's not that one. If you want to follow me, may I? Yes, I want the Parliament lights please. No, the Parliament lights. No, no, no, no. What did you say? What did you say? Turn this tape over for language tape number seven, ordering Chinese food over the phone. To buy a big cup with a hot doobie. There are the streets fighting cry. They passed and they handed gas to me sir. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And have a big deal, guys. We got a problem. The gravy is such a cool trick. Lieutenant, isn't that the group a senior citizens who went around trying to get the early birds Special after seven? Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. Yes, stop it, no. Clean up those trees. They lay you in the cloth here, you'll have to cross in the line. And in the turn, the cleanest clothes you've been to. All right, just carry your under arrest. Also, now you're arresting my wife for just a chance. Station and power. Open that first time. Let's see that white dust. And just a dog. Just got over under back and here. For the worth. Sweet love. And that restaurant's just paying out of. Let's take a minute. Yeah, it's very good. If I have enough, so not a lot of movies. Here's a salad deal, guys. We're doing this ball on MBC. Oh, right. Down to the fifth point. That way, though. That way, though. That way, if you can die under the cat, that's a good goal. That way, though. Be safe, honey, God, money, boy. Go in and take your back. Get the drive it. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's man. Take your slow, long, shoot me with it. Go to the whole thing and down. Take your slow, long, shoot me with it. Take your slow, long, shoot me with it. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go, go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go, go. Go. Go, go. Go. to evolve a van up in Turkey, life will be sweeter and when you pack your feet or carry a life and two weeks at least come on and join today. Let's see if there are good ways to be remembered again or again. Eight quarters of each, eight quarters of chess, and always eight quarters of each, and you're a star in your skin. You're a boy, but you'll be there to take your life to all those. Come on and join today and you'll be proud to stay your own family. And all are a... Oh, right. Hello, this is Albert Kider from Tali van Records and fighting you American Infidel, who finally has Stephen's collection. You know my home, it is right. Take your head off your body, go to a mistanny with the real sharp brain. I wish I had an American hostage, make those in their face. Or is all including discrashing? I was on air, late, and suddenly was changed. And imagine that I can burn and wear a towel on my head. I don't know where I am, but I am in for the X16. But I do, they run away from me. The money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism really. It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. The other just dumb, that's your fault. It wouldn't happen if I were to find a skin. And a rat. If you won't, pay me to take me. The other variation on a classic one. I asked myself every day, which Americans should say, tell me who the new home is saying. I don't wish I had an American to the neck of all men. She lifted a veil and exposes. So by no catch Stephen's collection, so table 1995, or you can pay with me some Mexican or weapons of Massachusetts. Who am I to the limit? This is New Rogers. This is 516. A- Hey, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear. Be careful. Man, the ship is there, they call my land. It's basically go for the head and a road. We took these high-rounder watch marriage clothes. I'm nice on the road, I'm late. Say I do and then there's no escape. To his lady, you're in the forest, thanks to his suitcase and for Logan, they're for. No, no, no. No, no, no. Time goes. You'll find some of our likes. Goodbye, single Mars. Total family cards. Now here's our fun with us. One wedding ring and now things change. Thank you, my dear little strange. And ring morning in the same old bed. You see those same days until you were dead. To France. The perfectest school PTA. Can a steak from just as you like a steak? Can't afford to waste more cause trust does. You'll waste your word run down by a great house bus. You wear a neck? Do I look for that? Call her delay, Lord. This is great. The bicycle bars. Hell, family cards. Now you stop her with us. Oh, Debbie. We're turning from father to sister. We get tired on my knee. All day died in the lazy. And I'll find a great sketch with a team okay. Oh, uh, Tina. Don't put no blame on me. But I come from my vacation. Poor up on a lover's unit. Swing your partner round and round. Now feel a little swimmer through the war with Stout. And swim to the left to the right. There we go. Swing a little mud out. Those who don't. Oh, uh, Tina. Like it's those people to me. To the person who's easy and authentic. It's for care and right. Oh. I'm a bloody fly. Fly. I'm a bloody fly. I'm a two-fold Jesus state. And something was as bright as me. I took the rock down the street. And I took out my flashlights. And I suspect it's something funny. When I saw father's blow. Then I jumped over the wall. And the knocked on me. Oh, stop. Don't be about something. She's hurt so I looked around some more. And I suspect it's something funny. When I found a bright smile. A body's fly. Fly. I'm a bloody fly. I'm a bloody fly. I'm a one-one. Next thing we knew. Oh, Jay, went on a list. We broke all right. Now we're in an L.A. Gentle Dust for double. I'm a sign. Not for the least. First agreed. Murder is guilty of. I'm a bloody fly. I'm a bloody fly. By the way, look their carted of walls. She's got my deal against me. She's creepy, so. I wanted a right way. I wanted a right way. I said I'd be a lady today. So I'm just sitting on a bench and go away. Waiting for the only place to take me away. Oh, Josh, get the blood of a bench and go away. With my friend, I'm... I'm a bloody fly. I'm a bloody fly. You can't be a king. Just the fire there's no oil in the city. All I've gotta do was get a test to do. The time in her life, she must be a king. Just get dressed in my phone. One day, why am I white or leave me alone? We've talked it over and I never win. I just lined up to step in through the morning again. Oh, so I should, I'm a thank you girl, right? Waiting for the only place to take me away. Oh, you can't be a person, go away. With my friend, I'm... I never win. It's about the time that you're in the country. And the situation is not a joke. I... I never win. I'm a thank you girl. Just the duty of the air finishing, a swing is mung with happy feet. Just the giant and chewy feet. Just the duty of the air finishing, a life finishing, a life finishing. Having happy, happy feet. Hold it out, you may too may. She can't shake that tasty meat. Just write the side of that in the wide, looking like a real food and simple food. Looking at those swing and high and so, we've been going to a father-old zoo. Just the duty of the air finishing, and we can learn only a thing. Just not too well-grossed, but when you knew her well-enchist, I'd all have had a job that might go out and let the music turns me on. I know it sounds like I'm so mad! I can't even get it all! Just the duty of the swing is mung with a shake and fountain, full of fun. That ain't bad for 85. And that blood is really fine. Just the duty of the air finishing, the dance of the jeep, the dance of the jeep. The dance of the jeep, the dance of the jeep. The dance of the jeep, the dance of the jeep. The dance of the jeep. It's routine. The dance of the jeep, et Everyone is alive! You can start even if Give her my heart an awkward !!! Get her in! You can start! Let's sing, dollars from the same сquer! The dance of The jeep, the dance of the jeep! A sound that you hate, but I'm in it and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't hit a one or two much less or eight. A sound that you hate. From in from the boys they will surely check for race. I tell you what they are. Karen, do you know? Yeah! I like finger nails on a blackboard. I'll keep all cracked in the neck for their knuckles. When I run styrofoam together, that just makes me just... I'm just gonna laugh. Eight, sound you can't stand. Would you guitarate if you were a handsome man? I am. Eight, who's always so big? A fork and a knife scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Here's what I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I am. That's more like it. Little more. Little more, but it's more the more. Yeah! Hey, sound so unique. Now let's review until you can really really breathe. Figure nails on a blackboard. Would you go crack your neck for their knuckles? Love is time we're falling together. Cors in may face your voice. I like penosing your darner gym floor. Raising in a movement on window. When it gets into thrilling, my moment. That makes me say, finger roll. My voice is ringing on his record. You can't pull on my child. If these have given you the shivers. That makes you a winner. Hey, you go nuts and someone finds their horn like this. But I love it. Here, I'll do it again. Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee wiser window I pack my neck? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. The play will win. Stop for a win. Away. I got one more. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. It's also the... Daddy, you stopped me, my short, and I'm pretty it. There's two things on the wall. Daddy, you're a loser. You said you're from heaven, and you said it's a little girl. I let back on in my pants. I got for all of the time. I think mommy treats on you. Yeah, but most of them, they're blind to my eyes. I can bet on bread, and still live my plows all in burn. I can't stand that on me here. Whoa, what's all that I'm done wrong? I'm just a dumb dumb dumb dumb. Daddy, why don't you get a job? To deserve a whole given order. To put it like his shoes and not. Daddy's more like here. Sweet sister, you too. I'm dropping out of high school. You're looking like a mama, a little more every day. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One part, one, the other part. I don't know who the father of. I'm a woman, man. For women's anger. That's the ten trick for power. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? What a black kiss. Hey, how about adults for the brightening room? Suit change, or mayn't today. Daddy, I'm getting married again. You make a promise and I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. Standing in the bride room, just staring. I think I have to slip on. I ask me what I'm thinking. And I said I'm not sure. Oh, I got a leg of a long way. Hey, pop, we're moving in. I'm going to give them all. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I ask me what I'm a lesbian. This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I made a student-gamesh operation done. Okay. And somebody contouring in similar post-luxing? Mm-hmm. There was wondering if it's in tummy chat. And the lip augmentation has met a request. It's a surgery phase shift for all of these things. Mm-hmm. I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants, though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I don't know if they would be right. The notion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin research as to. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens. Stop crying yet. Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the lip augmentation that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, what have to see you first? And then I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that one would be you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. Okay. Um. My name is Guapoval. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I know. You. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It works the lotion in the basket. In the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? It works the lotion in the basket. I've got my skin suit in your body. I got my eyes. They'll. It works the lotion in the basket. I have a stand that would you like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time, okay? It works the lotion in the basket. Hello? Sorry a day. What's the ask? Well, I'm not looking at the ball. It's a little bit boring. It's 30 a.m. August. Well, I ran in Lincoln. Desert ran on drove up in the hill. One insurance and a recall how it passed been well. The lock is still gives me change. In what a weirdo followed my map of Star House and Shite. And was shot to see. Sitting on her front porch was And to the lane at your home. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I walked up like a new her. And I know you. And I saw her as a change. But the call of corn started working and for her. And it was too late for her in my car and Roll the window down. Now she worked my queen and her. Who blew my paper crown? I put this stuff in crown. And I've got Angelina, you mean? In my basement. I didn't think that. And I think I'll keep her there with me. Hello. And charge her red. And I can't wait. Well, I'll keep going. And I hope that you'll find that she likes the Superman. I think you'll face that. How wonderful life is when Angelina Goly in my basement. Let's be happy. Watch kids and bread eggs. Poor men in. But I bet you give your national help. To heaven, Angelina, show me luck down in your basement. Oh, my dog. I'll throw it myself. Don't hurt her, precious. I've punched the dog in the basket. Oh, ho, walk in your land. I can get a little piece of white. Oh, hi. Oh, what's going on? Where did I go in here, Donald? When I went in with you, I flew high, open. Press up like honey, even. That's for you. Very good. You're watching me and doing it. And I'll find a nice Hawaiian punch. You're a dog. Oh, boy, boy, boy. Oh, boy, boy. Oh, boy, boy. Oh, boy, boy. Oh, boy, boy. Oh, boy, boy. Oh, boy, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy, boy, boy. Oh, boy. This is the morning sun. Good night, boy. Oh-oh-oh, boy. God, God, THERE'S A BUP! I'll do that, boy. Oh, boy. This is God. Oh, boy. Ah-ah. Give us water and fire! Ahhhh!!! Holy awesome Norothe Shake back your second home president, smoke you ain't kid Good bye I'm George. Go, me, oh, my own. You gotta go home, push that fat on the bio. But you sure can quit when it came to sick, carry shavin'. Some of them push you's a food, your tuition, I say goodbye, y'all. That's a tragic, wow, people, drown you play the round of relaxing golf, oh, he was a big casher, I already, he's a medical key that's ever done to, whoops, and no one can't, we've been prepared for the worst scenario. You were the one busy have inferred and rational know. You'll invest the gates, and a later date, that's real bullshit, so I'm thinking, you should wait to warns that, but don't you get locked up, so it don't continue. But no one will get planes like with agent, play him, no hits will roll. Of course, if there's a piece of laugh on the wrist and notes are just filed, what a surprise. Because you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new mess, so nobody, a new get told, a slip in the pulse, that's no problem, oh, you'll fix it, you're spin the sheel of your will, means, cause that's their job, as per usual, son of a, cause you's a foot in your touch, you're an asshole. We just don't understand, you got blood on your hands, but what no brain, oh, I'm a problem, so I'm made it off the years, at least in most of us, you have no shame, oh, shame, what's that? And what's with that smirk, you stupid jerk, like people have died of, son of a bitch you should be in peace, and we may in front of you, all of a favor, get them, you're here, jackass, a so-profit like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me, a scene's father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you. I fear I will be ashamed upon a family. Lonesen, I am your father, I love you very much, you must tell me what is wrong. You promise you was to love me? Of course, my sweet child, a father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well, I am, I am pregnant. Oh, I see her. I'm pregnant, I'm pregnant. Oh, I see her. I'm pregnant, I'm pregnant. Oh, I see her. You still love me father? Of course I do. But is in your pregnant and not married? Yes father? I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors a stone you today. My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. Can't you check again, son? I'm not going to be grounded. No, no, no. I'm not going to be grounded. I'm not going to be a stone. It's the first step. I'm going to focus on a fundamentalist and Italy's in town. I speak with you, my esteemed husband. What is it to do with you? I have something to tell you. I am listening. I am having an affair. Oh, I see. Are you going? I'll put it back here. You collect some stone. What do you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Where are you? Of course, we stole today. You'll be an astronaut. I have a lot of lines of the internet. I have a lot of videos and any problems. I'll play for you. Oh, my, I speak with you, my esteemed father. What's my son? What's your father? Last night, I used you little brother. Where? What do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, boy is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are the one who's not a man. They are guiding you. They are guiding you. They are guiding you. They are shining. They are shining. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be ready. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand. They scare the shit out of people. Intimidate diamond and giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handguns. Think about it. Needs a cash? Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. All the convenience store takes the chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. To simple solution, a life's complex problems. Why have to do is wait to five days for it. And happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? By the damping of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working from south if you consider the population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. Rocks, rocks, rocks. You will find what you are looking for at rock marks. Grab a peaceful of savings on the Palestinian area's favorite projectiles. Progesting style with an assortment of fine, itmiss and conglomerate rocks. Many sizes available. Pelt with pride with our handsome selection of metamorphic rock and new imported granite chunks. Toss in fashion, where they fabulous selection of limestone and chaired in the latest new fall colors. Plus, girls are last minute summer clearance specials on sticks and bottles whilst the fly's last. So, for rock bottom prices on the Palestinian area's favorite projectiles, fling in today to the rock marks for a peaceful of savings. There's one just a stone stroke away from the air. Okay, two minutes till noon. I hope Josh is still awake over there. Oh, what? Yeah. You're not enjoying this? Oh, this is fabulous. I love this. Some fantastic craft. And it would be like, I would pat myself on the back of a good region. A good variety and a little of this, a lot of that. I'm thinking maybe more or two. Huh? I'm thinking maybe tomorrow too. Yeah. Ha ha. Oh, now that you mentioned it, okay, we have 391 votes in a pool. Our goal was 400. I think we've got to shut up that, aren't you? Where we at? I mean, our goal was 400. We got 391. I think we might be able to push it over the top. Anyway, the question today, very important because they're threatening again. What's your take on a marlin's leaving South Florida? I'll pack them all a sandwich on her 11. I don't care a bit, 96. In this day's fall somewhat 48 kind of look warm. Who cares now that they dump so much talent 43? I'm pissed off 27. They'll get a stadium 23. They're just bluffing 21. They can't leave Josh needs that job 13. And I'm going to stand badly, so I'm going to maintain the way they only nine. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. A Little more crowded. And this portion of the Neil Rogers are your 12 to one. How old is Rotty O'Bye? The 1112. One two three four five six seven eight nine eleven twill. So like she's a pizza. Or for me. A A A A A A A A Long, long, time ago. He was 1900. And Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they partyed like it was 1899. The were events that made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept. With that famous one small step. I can't remember each event. Or everything that man did invent. A century we were present. This is how it went. My, my, how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many cheese we'd defied. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred views have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they quoted their play to fly. And the start of rating yo. Signified had his month to thank. And once and theory and next flag. And the titanic death story. We all know. Well world war one it soon began. Which shooting arched to Francis Bird and man. Millions died from the flu. And then plastic was brand new. And then Russia had its feather. Lucian and a bargain. They both of the oceans. And now for these we both see again. A hundred views gone by. And we were singing in line. My other time it did fly. Since it started some deported many cheese we'd defied. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred views have gone by. I would add his feather to the teenage. The past pictures to no model tea. And the bird landed in Paris. Then some old decorative pen to silver wall street. And the great depression and women. Would both like to leave. And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in. And World War two it soon began. Make your subland. The project that hit them. The pollution trial in Tennessee. We caught a first one. We got tea beans. And the day that it's in and from me on. Three years gone by. We were singing in line. My other time it did fly. Since it started some deported many cheese we'd defied. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred views have gone by. Frankly, when some day was suede, when in starting with the teenage. But at what in a hauling cost? In Russia no one did the frost. In Germany they find these laws. Discover the horrors of the Holocaust. That little boy and all the games. Change the whole world on that very day. We know it just begun. In China we'll find the same terms. The first layer in baseball that was black. Is we held out there home and back. Massachusetts of the DJ Golden Tridies combined. And we were singing in line. My other time it did fly. Since it started some deported many cheese we'd defied. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred views have gone by. For separate we'd need will make such a fuss. Of course it's too tight when on the bus. Only your cured with a vaccine. Then my shots get us big time with spotting. Our troops into Korea quit. Discover the double killings. All jams gain the dust way too soon. But promise to get us all to the moon. You're the first in space. Get the pill we did it with. And the friendship said declined into the night. You was the sole game of spite of pride. Selfie, stage yours on new fight. A hundred views gone by. And we were singing in line. My other use it implies that since it started something that we fought in many cheese we'd defied. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred views have gone by. Neal's giant step was the big news. Rovers way gave women right to choose. Nixon resigns about water gates. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had horses to just take in by iron. And a virus made us too scared to go deeeeeeets. A test to be peace out the loft. Some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Chernobyl explosion. The Berlin Wall keeps broken. The US is our safe goodbye. Some students in China they did try. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred views gone by. And they were singing. My, my other time is defied. Six started some deported many cheese we defied. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred views have gone by. We were singing by. My other time is defied. Six started some deported many cheese we defied. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. Because a hundred years have gone by. Oh. Talk to me. Tell me your name. You blow me up like it's all the same. You lit it in tears and run taking away. You're a pretty strong. Yes, they said. You got it. You bet. Oh baby, I she goes. You know I go crazy because she looks like you're far. But she stays like a beast. Like every girl in this village. She bet. She bet. She's a very strong man. She's a very strong man. She has a good skill of death. Why would you not want to grow? That just from our selfish. You don't want to watch. What? You say you better or else. You'll find death. You'll find death. So where could they? I'm on a terrain. I'm a great boy. I'm not a bad man. I think we are. I can take care of this. God, please. Please. I'm a great boy. I hear about all of you to this place. Did you get me for a lifetime? You'd be by the power that's been in the end of our war. God's voice. This is a little to this place, but they should never draw. It's a good song for now. That's good. They want a match if I know. The man's the ace of my no-rice. That's death. The man's the ace of my no-rice. That's death. The man's the ace. The man's the ace. The man's the ace. Wouldn't it be nice if they've lost genre? Get the man a chase, get the drink in blue. Wouldn't it be nice if they've lost genre? For the law to both come here to do. Then this all of them has worked with history. We finally put it at their own. This history. Wouldn't it be nice if they've lost genre? In the R&B, R&B's statues. Wouldn't it be nice if they've lost genre? For the man's the ace. She's a tellers of our carries, weeping. As she laughed and held up, they're painting. Who? Oh, this is not. Who would be nice if they've lost genre? It's really nice. We attacked our goal already. We got four 14. All right. How do you like that? A lot. So now it's all gravy from here. Excuse me. Well for me anyway. Yeah. All gravy for you. I hope your mom cooks you have some good stuffing with a bird. Of course. So now that's all being made and stuffing tomorrow to eat leftovers in the shwe. That's what it's the best. That's what I hear. That's okay. No stuffing for this old fat slob. I'll turn that in. 12 13 a Q and which are annual Thursday Thanksgiving. Whatever it is, happy Thanksgiving to you. Just don't overdo it. A lot of people die in this day because they like gag on it. And a lot of people also were like, what do they call it deep frying the turkey? Is this I can't believe you didn't see that? Well, I mean, I was just a burn and down and like exploding and. I don't know about it. You've got to get the flavor away with the extender plastic ring. Right? Right. I agree. Nothing like having a plastic extender ring for your thing. Anyway, truth is when you dare to compare, you'll see why I forward is the best on any brand of vehicles in the USA. And so, hopefully, the only 40-liter shop at is Armstrong Ford home state. The holidays are here, of course. Maybe your car was damaged during Wilma or maybe just want a new ride. Well, not as the time to give yourself a holiday gift. Get on down and see our good friend David Rich and let him put your ass behind the wheel of a brand new Armstrong Ford. Right now, I'm strong for the home state. It got fantastic offers and incentives waiting for you. Get a $1,000 cash back on financing as low as 0% on the 4,500 or freestyle. Get $5,000 cash back on explore our expedition. How about two grand cash back on a skate and $2,500 cash back on focus, certain restrictions applied. When you buy 4,000 Armstrong Ford, you'll get also their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford, Armstrong said we'll guarantee the best price. And because they're locally undenoperated, they want to see you forever. They're going to treat you great, so they'll make your customer for life. You will get a better deal on the Ford any place. Nobody in switch, no phone and the also called David Rich at 305, 2, 4, 7, 50, 1, 12, the time you want the new. You'll deal. Armstrong Ford, a home set at 307, 25, South, 60 highway. Just 20, 20 minutes south of the 36. Check them on the web. Armstrong Cars.com and then drive a few extra miles to save thousands at Armstrong Ford of home. I think my brother-ball, mix on freeway, come much if you come come much if you're in my brother-ball. Mix on raises up to juicy, juicy, fritial little day when I see you cooking in the pan and mix me one mistake. And I ain't gonna lie, gonna eat you with the fire, gonna have some leftovers. How the Lisa mile high, butterball, golden grandma, up in you, do fill. A sleeping river, room, a year, a short dozen years thrill, cause I'm a cook, yeah, I got the skill for only thing I got. I do this, get them, taters, feel I need too much. But it's never enough. I thought so to do the help when the child's getting wealthy, would think that you're around ever since you've been around, you're the dinner dinner, what's the deal or something you're down? Come much if you come come much if you're in my brother-ball. Mix on freeway, come much if you don't, I mean, are we gonna rip off your links, you make you go crazy. Come much if you come come much if you, you're my brother-ball. Mix on freeway, come much if you don't, I mean, are we gonna rip off your links, you make me go crazy. But that's the great, please. That's the great, it's me. That's the great, it's me, please. we'll do not torture, we'll do not torture we'll do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. We do not torture. Many sad, rays of spreading Tam朝 Fucking down time And the others come in This is New Riders. This is 5.62. God! This is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, Tuxel Host, Tamroyd sufferer. Folks, we're going to go with three other bounds. I know the Agatha El Dishkind of Delema. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. New preparation Rush and my Rush to excellence depositories. Now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhagl to you. Just look for my picture on the box of depositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIB. The obesity and broadcast thing in the work. These are the little numbers. I wrote the other day. We're not duck hunting with a judge. Alright. Thank you very much, the FCC. Thank you very much for finding me. 5,000 bucks of food. So I'm really out of luck. That's all then high deflence was turned you mean. So thank you very much, the FCC, for proving that free speech just isn't free. The clear channels are dear channel. So how it's done, must go. A totally general astronaut doesn't lie strong words and so. He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for Rush and my. So he's doing so very much. That's all, really. So you're very much scared Mr. Boot. For your heroic ability sitting on your touch. For Halibut and Enron all the companies who fail. Let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail. She's an opportunity rich rich. Kind of to these fears. So if you also very much. Alright. So you think you're not ashamed to. You and everything you do. Your face may come as real faith. You haven't got a lot. As far as I'm concerned, your just a face if I still fall. And as per con buildings she's a little like your child. So from here also very much. So give very much. If you be a. For giving all of us ask us all away. If really is a bummer. When I come to my home. He owes us. And now goes our now that animals here to say. So new care in the game. I'm going to take place in LA. So you also very much. So what the planet fails. Let's save the great white males. I'm so you also very much. We took you now behind the scenes. This is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Mitch with political advisors. I've already say something like. I want to make Halibut stronger again. I'm returning back. And then going forward to the future. That's good. It's very important to learning that whatever you say. It has to make a lot of sense. It's got a hit hard. That's why I should say something like. I want to make California the entertainment capital of the world. Bringing back the economy and moving the forward. What the. I don't tell it already is the entertainment capital. Even better. It's already happening. I'm always thinking it. Wow. What about the energy crisis? Arnold takes not man. There is no energy crisis in California. That was New York. What's wrong with you? I don't care about New York. It's California. California. There's a major energy problem. Not here. My step to the moon. Stay at climate is fine. I have power. Let's go back to his bringing California to the future. It's a good position. I will. Exactly. If you want to do that. Let's think about that. I want to take it forward. Good. Not backwards. All right. Going forward. Should you mention Great Davis? Who's that? You know, the guy you're recalling. I didn't call anyone. I've been working here with you. Great Davis. What do you want to say about Great Davis? Great Davis is not from California. He was the dancer from the red tack. I'm not going to make fun of him. Are you talking about the patch guy from Ocean 9? You mean, Ocean 11? I don't see the seafood. I don't think seafood is having any merit at all. You're talking about Sammy Davis. We're talking about gray. All you do is take us to by the way. Hey, I don't do sea flows. I'm talking about taking California to the city. And taking down that big white sign that's in Hollywood. We need a new sign says, on the wood. No, that's not going to fly. You're fired. You're fired. I'm a dude. You're like my idea now on. It would sign. That's a great idea. Great idea. Tell me on your future. It's on my own world. Into the future. Into the future. And not back. Not back. Hey. Oh. Hey, you bastard. You wait sniffing, dude. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. I don't sing up the walls and I really have to. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. I know from God. It made for letting the rusting. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. It's not spinnin' up the demee. Good luck, neither. You don't rush drug and you're fucked. It's on my own world. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. You're fucked. You do the rest drug and you're fucked. to the top. To the girls and the... I had a pretty much friends. And a pretty... fish... on. He is nice. He's a little rude. He's a little rude. Oh, God. And the rock is where the story is going. He's a rust drug, and a buff. The damage controls, so they can pick it whole. He's a rust drug, and a buff. He's a rust drug, and a... He's a rust drug, and a buff. He's a rust drug, and a buff. He's a... A... a... he's a... When Bill or I leave Dylin, sure he isn't wearing pants, He'll tell you if you like your job, Then you'll give him a laugh dance, And if you can't do Riley, You're not looking too busy, He'll do the pants right off you, And for you and extortionists, All the factors fair and balance, For God when He calls and time, He's looking for a lassie, Who likes it as it will to the right, But when Bill or I leave Dylin, Sure he'd eat the nose, then don't, So when Bill or I leave Dylin, You best not pick up your phone, All my sons. I'm gonna go to the boat, I'm gonna go to the boat, I'm gonna go to the boat, I'm gonna go to the boat, I think you're gonna pay for the two tickets, You will stay, I'm gonna be just a happy bus, I'm gonna be just a happy bus, I'm gonna be just a happy bus, On your next ride, I want you to pay today, I'm gonna have a rubber, I'm gonna rubber rubber, I'm gonna have a rubber diamond, And I'm gonna have a rubber diamond, I'm gonna have a rubber diamond, I'm gonna have a rubber diamond, I might have greatly sleep, And I'm gonna have my brains, Now I'm gonna sleep Oh,hhhh Walnuts, naced plum,x6 On". OK, Au revoir su revoir The miniatur brought here and to here is the Miller tower the Sun, a Ferrari 433 Who acquires him, who is boy son! Can't move her to another birthday! Oh, I'm sorry. That's what everybody has to get their best to. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I say,沒 to go. Jesus, listen to me and the Lord. So my Lord. I mentioned to the Lord and I said, in the monastery. Oh, man. Today is the Lord. The Lord brave. Wasn't the Lord to God? God. Actually, Lord. The boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the girls are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, all the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, the boys are always, you're always, you're always, your always, you're always, you're always, your always, you're always, you're always, you're always, you always, you're always, you're always, your always, you're always, you're always, you're always, you're always, you're always, you're always, you always, your always, you're always, you always, you always, always, you always, you always, you always, you always, your always, you always, you always, you always, you always, your always, you always, I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. APPLAUSE Roll. The lord. Just like your own. If we see a bush then cells. I know how to describe him. I don't have a decision I'm full of my dead boys, I'm afraid And the heaven down I'm full of my dead boys, I'm afraid And the heaven down I'm full of my dead boys, I'm afraid I'm full of my dead boys, I'm afraid I don't know where they're going, I'm full of my dead boys I'm full of my dead boys, I'm afraid I don't know where they're going We're down in Jamaica in the carol in Take out the best of birth that you ever seen That's a doofing Ask anybody in that neighborhood They tell you just a country where the country goes Rustamdan and ask someone to sell And from a mile away You can't be so peaceful Ask someone Stop, can't stop, stop He like a disclet and truth Stop, can't stop, stop Stop, can't stop, stop The gun's a few foot You prepare a lot of suburb And the gun is set Smoke it every day until you're long soon back With all the money that we have made Jamaica doesn't need any progress in date America and tourists home here and say God, that thing like this In the US, say this, stop Stop, gun, just stop, stop They light up this cliff and talk They begin to cough and choke Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke They're under me, who? The bomb has held us on you, our and our stop man You like to smoke the giants live whenever you can You're a family people coming here from miles around A mighty group who died the house of the town A rascal man, say to her, I'm a you right They can't do people tonight and then they're supposed Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke They light up this cliff and talk Oh, smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke They can't do people Oh, run, job on Debbie, Debbie, talking on a porch show Trying to be my show Your voice sounds red light A static ear opener A little sports show Watch those eyes of the poor Debbie, Debbie, talking like a baby Who needs a little driving Like a little conversant You don't sound like a man We both know brother, fans That choke, your stroke, come, Debbie Debbie, Debbie Debbie, your lucky management doesn't have Susperely You don't belong there on the end And, Debbie, the sports can wait To your voice, relax All standing on who sounds like that You're trying to another job And they should only take you back And, when both your babies drop That sounds healthy Debbie, when you don't grow up You make that want to grow up You feel a squeaky pool Go to broadcasting school Your free, human, fist voice Makes you sound like a puppy You're a puppy Are you doing it? You're a puppy You're a puppy You're a puppy Tonight, on celebrity poker Edwardie, in sports school, you're a puppy You're a puppy You're a puppy You're a puppy You're a puppy You're a harker ball Right, right, right, right You're a puppy You're a puppy When are you betting Allen? Six thousand notes I call you Allen Because I am now Right I don't care who you are You're fair, right? Now, how much? Six thousand notes It's an old blood amount What are you going to do about it? You're fair, right? Talk, what are you got, Jack? I can't go to hell, I can't go to hell You're a little bit at the ground You're just costing six thousand notes And one count of a thing You can do one All this is spent in excitement You can expect from low budget Down-down television It's like this view Here I was funny Oh God, I worked Duh It's become Prashijelow in a chair With celebrities poker on ESP you Here's my story, stand by truth Here A bottle of gold, silver and silver Had a bucket ran around Give it to every guy in town Ooooo! Hey, hey, hey Oh, hey Hey, hey Oh, hey That's a lot of time Hey, hey, hey Oh, hey, hey Oh, hey, hey Oh, hey I shouldn't have known the bottom of the head I didn't know whether you're a manager A bottle of gold, always be with you To stay away from the surface soon To the clouds I show the sea my eyes Don't say, come a friend of mine He got to stay till now I've got you too But keep away from a ship of misery Hey Keep away from that girl Hope they don't sell it from town Keep away from town She likes to stay for a while Yeah, she did it with my back and out We didn't get a chance to come Now I'm afraid it's all the odd years of all All the time, all the gotters of all She's all the whole planet's fucking skull And it's getting full of that shit I'm a snowman I keep away from a ship of misery I'll take everything to go It's day is flying by like grease light When is it? Oh yeah, especially for you because you're not doing anything I've got to work over a hot computer here And of course you've done this, right? Yeah, what do we do last year? Can you do this last year? I don't believe I did, no It's a huge work on Thanksgiving Sure, let's go with that I don't think so Well, somebody did it Anyway, Georgia's on vacation this week And are we going to ruin his Thanksgiving And call him in here to work over a hot enough I think we ought to like upgrade a little bit I think we can do 500 hosts in a pool Okay Would you have ever thought that? During the show I'm talking about between On two, we have 461 And boy, would it be fun to do 39 more? That's 39, we should be able to do that Should we? Yeah, that's like one every two minutes Anyway, here's the pool today Very important, I'm sure the David and the Samson and Delilah And all those guys are like just pouring over this Very scientifically What's your take on the Marlins leaving Sanford? Keeping in mind of course, this is your Marlins station And that a big part of Josh's income depends on the Marlins I'll pack them all a sandwich, over 27 I don't care a bit 112 I'm in space ball somewhat 59 Who cares now that they've done so much talent, 51 I'm pissed off 32 They'll get a stadium 25 They're just bluffing 22 They can't do a Josh needs that job 17 And I'm gonna stem badly Oh man, only 16 If this is Neil Rogers This is 516 A-F-A-F Hello, this is Anna This is not a Tuma It's the one to two, I'll I'm stuck in the turkey Double the turkey But it was the biggest turkey in the head It will soon form 26 phones Happy Thanksgiving Happy Thanksgiving Why is there a Thanksgiving and none of their answers? It's a prayer game, son Where's the pump? It's hard Quick, go, I'm such a turkey free I'm a summer breeze It's so big for that, I'm in a turkey country I'm gonna read the fire I was down to five, just yeah I'm gonna take a good break Yeah, that's your fucking water You need to push the turkey if they feel like it's Thanksgiving fees Bring in the turkey Move what our national birds in the house And run it, pray If you don't get a post-picked by me, think like that If you're turkey, don't go down Oh, I like cooked the turkey I'm so hungry I'm so hungry How many storms are so in memory for me? Before it gets blown off this fee But third man How much bloom must he, son his bed So this to pay won't lie out to see How many times must he, son, woman, fold Before he wins a news And he Who will the man, my friend Keep flowing in Who will the man keep flowing in Yeah, I'm more hungry than anyone What the hell this poop pie, over this, it rules and parks Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson? Sure Rosa Pothor on the bus But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man And played with balls in a major league of a children's game I mean like I mean come on Who's the more put a black community Rosa Pothor Or Jackie Robinson Jackie Robinson was my hero Why I can remember when I was a much younger man And Jackie he was working at the shop full of nuts I walked up to him And he was standing in the tent and said to me You were our mine hero Now get me a cup of coffee And make it black You think Rosa made coffee that heavily Moreover they would show what he was I think what you're doing Hey hey wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute Oh, whoa whoa Are you a black man? Yes, but he can't help it a phone Who did more put a black community? Rosa Pothor Or Jackie Robinson Oh, it's two separate things What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism And I'm not that unpresident Oh, he must have been a disconnected Through no fault of my own On the any time pal you're wearing a height ons Moreover today You're being tell me touch about you did popwood of power No, no, last time when I said to you Now don't get me wrong here It goes up like this Who did more put a black community? Rosa Pothor Or Nipsy Russell I'm gonna say well I'm saying You'll be talking about man Just look at that get up The full day white in light But we say question right The full day white in light No who did more? Rosa Pothor's happy white Oh yeah Who did more put a black shirt? Put a more put a more put a more put a more put a more put a more put a more put a more put a done Nothing Oops Don't waste my whole town dark nachos Toffin back wild From the live that's up there he the fatty but it's not water and they took them back out. They put their limited capacity every three weeks when they took it out, I said, Mommy! I don't like it with their lines. I said, Mommy! I feel a lot less like they were with them, Mommy! Yeah, I haven't felt this sad, Mommy! Since they just couldn't get your dad. They put their limited capacity at least a quarter or lower. They put their life in the 50, but it doesn't taste the same. I used to think they haven't bet you would might be just read my letter. I would have heard it might here, and please go join in our next line. Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! They're pepper. Did I be a pepper to God's earth? They need you to be busy. Mommy! God's earth! I can not buy you to be great. Sometimes I wish I was great. Hey, what's the lemon in the fish? I say to give you away! All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire! Hope Daddy! Sitting in the chair, I'll call you puppy. Yo, yo, man, yo, yo! Are you ready? Yeah! Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery running. All right. Pickery, decorate, blank. Is it a dock, be here? See, marina? All g inlet. Oh, man! Is $100 question right here? Yeah, kidney, right? Is $100 for $100. Is it the millilinear? No question! This is the first one. Hey, $100. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a lifeline? Yeah, all right. What do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Asty audience to 50, 50, and the phone a friend. Ask the audience. Now, tell me why people in here. That's 50, 50, and I'll help you. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question, finishing the nursery run. Yeah. All right. Who are we going to call puppy? Oh, my butt! Oh, dirty bastard! Old dirty bastard! Yeah, dirty, we're calm. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you. Yo. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Registra Filbin from who wants to be a millian, how are you? Hey. Got your friend here, puffed daddy. Go dirty, what's up? What's up? I love you, I love you. I love you. What's up? All right, all right. Oh, what's up? Oh, dirty. puffed daddy's had a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. He's a very dumb man. First question. And the next boy she here will be here. So come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four possible choices. So are you set? Amen. Next boy she here will be here. And 30 seconds begins now. What is that? Yo, dirty, faces off of me, all right? Amen. Pickering, Dickery, blank. Is it a doc, the Pia, C, Marino, or D? In the way. Oh, come on man, I don't got much time. Yeah, I know this man. I know it. I see his Pia. Pia, you sure? I've heard him, man. Listen, a lot of money, man. I've heard it. All right, man. Thank you very much. Amen. Times off for old dirty said Pia. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just want to call the audience? No, I like to add a lag flying. I'll actually know there's only three lifelines you've used. One you have to let. No, no, no. I get another lag flying. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called shoot the host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it shoot the host. Puffy, use the 55 feet. What's he asking? Puffy, it's stuck, it's a A. It's stuck. My final answer is stuck. It's stuck. And it's a good one. You got all of it all. Run, you run, you run, you run, you run. Seven out. Come on, let's go. Isn't it funny how some days just take you back? Like when you were a teenager. Remember sitting on your porch on a cool summer evening, popping a zin with your fingers and eating it? Well, the great taste is back at the post-bamis. Yes, delicious, creamy, soft serve, puss in a coat or a dish with your choice of toppings. All the great taste of your body you enjoyed is a game. Like warm earwax, scatchess, and I knew Boogerbits, the puss palace. Ice cream, you scream, we all scream for puss. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Boyd's side. Oh, you. This is John, Rainbow's to the life. I wanna make movies for him five. My life ain't going great, plan to Hollywood's boat. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I wrote my penis in it, never had a groove. Ran more two, was an 85-late. A rainbow three was in 88. Two is a moment, and two is like us. I did not make this movie with my son. There's been never to say, she was in Rocky, five and daylight, the tunnel movie. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I gotta get him also on my power cream. I gotta have a mother and mother and mother. Or brother and she'll like men and legs. I guess nobody ever saw a cop in. And we're still gonna, I guess, go ahead and say, my whole life is about to take in. Oh, I got left in general for playing with her. This is a job. I need to make one more one. Five. Check it out, so call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue, or keep it zip. They like comedy, action, adventure, and drama. They're the only thing I will undo, except for a lot. So there's me and right for good news, Jake. I used to be an opera, not like you get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one-man show in two kepti. Basically I'm an out-of-point chipset. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I gotta get him all from my power cream. I gotta have a mother and mother and mother in a movie. Or one-way show like that, I need to tell you. I guess nobody ever saw it, kind of, like, and it was stupid. So I am the same. I want to talk to Jake. I got left in a simple plan. This way, ladies and gentlemen, I need to make removes. I'm sorry. I can see the front page of New West State in tomorrow. Today tomorrow. Roger showed you two over 500 votes on Thanksgiving on a pool from a pen to two. I need like that. We have 4 91 already. It's like falling off your chair there. No sweat. You are there, aren't you? Where did he go? Where did this man go? I think Josh has left the building. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, this is special. I feel so alone all of a sudden. Anyway, it's coming after one at five, 60 W to Q AM. We are on the air. Maybe Josh got kidnapped. Oh, my hair. What the hell happened there? What do you mean? You were saying anything. I'm just, you know, let you do your thing. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, we're not fooling anybody. I got my sweater here and on the table and I was, you know, you were sweating. Take a little molding. Okay, look 13 Josh is still there. I thought maybe that like kidnapped or something. Maybe one of your good friends. It was so good. It came in like I have scotted with you. Anyway, rich room filling sound from your iPod. It's the power of the lowest sound dog digital music system. It brings the music on your iPod. Life even charges your iPod while it plays. Sound envisions says you're bound to love what you hear. And that's because only proprietary voice technology, let you get the most from the music on your iPod. The system is friendly with iPod. iPod many iPod nano and iPod with video. It's thicker parents, stylishly buns with your iPod almost any room they core. Easy to use even comes with a remote that controls the sound drive system and the basic functions of your iPod from all the way across the room. So let the room fillings out of the most sound dog digital music system deliver a brand new iPod experience and insert iPod here what happens. It'll make you so mellow you'll be thinking about Jerry Sarner. Experience the sound dog today at at well at least maybe tomorrow when they open. At Apple, Best Buy, Circuits City, Compusa, Sharper Image, Target, or tweeters. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16. Yeah. Miami Hurricanes football is all about the use. It's new and unpredictable in the final game of the regular season. Perkins Game Day starts at noon, live in the fans own of the New York to explore the new office in 330 right here. Support for your five six six. You way in. All right guys. In blow. I think it's hard to think. And I got a frog in my throat. It's about me and I'm on board. When I try to sing it's not there. I can make much wriggle out of your ass. Sounds like I'm being shouts. I would be stuck every minute from both. I'll watch you like a wounded day. I have a hit also. It does okay. You want it for us? You got it. The fans all just back. Singing for us, you went on to send it to us. Are you too? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Over the number 80 is back. A ring off with a great singing war. Figious with even more six stars. The night dog does them all. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. Oh, right. Mane. Mane. Oh, right. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. It's an all-new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man. Mane. Mane. Mane. Mane. But truth is finally out that gymnastics was truly the fifth people. The world looks alive. You're the son of a same man. And now your head's your state. You know. You're the same. You don't be a man. You're the same. Here's the best dogs and room touching tribute to the King. Hey, who is this? Oh, man! Oh, run, man! You bet I'll run away, baby! The bad dog was just a little and vividly, but we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Not, I don't think so. So, we had Lucifer Rossi-Mable, and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on their contract. That's some of the best shoes. Oh, run! Oh, run! Oh, run! Oh, run! And it's safe. I'm in due. They'll hold out if you won't quickly. Oh, run! Oh, run! Oh, run! All ran! Oh, run! Closé! Closé! Closé! My amo how it is a bit expensive. I'm not thinking. I'm not my old face on foot with rarest football days. I don't know why they hate me. All my day always rate me. It's not because I've done this world with rarest football days. I'm not my arm. Like a rare McNally map a lot go on. I got to be in charge of my nose. Nobody knows that under my glows I wear panty hoes. But that's no means that I'm gay. You think my arms have had your ass. See my legs. Am I as wrong people? Smooth and shade. Make sure little glass the next time I'm raping. I could vote for a surgeon. The doctor's me the shivers. I would not want to walk out looking like Joe Rivers. Where am I? I buy a book. The fat little freaky. I get him a favor. Now we get a boy legit. The reason I dismiss that snake and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shove up. And he can't play conned. Somebody call me over there. Somebody call me over there. Somebody call me when I rap. I rap then you'll talk. Like look at me. I'm hit. I'm not scared. I'm a thing don't get him man. I'm really dead. I buy her anyone I want. I don't care. But play if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I get fired myself as even happens to the grids. Once one said you get out of here else we break your legs. So now I sit by the bull. Life's as good as it gets. With my pallid and cartel placing bits of the gents. Who's paradise? Paradise. I don't dislike somebody's ass in paradise. I'll be sure that not the snake. I'll be sure that not the screw gets when I get the james. But the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't visit take. Tell the calling to play. Who is just a little thought. So what I love to stay. I guess I got funny. I want to know if I was funny. I can do what I want. But then it's with loves me. In a mess of the mobs. Something you ought to know. But along this time I want to do it. I'm a whole. Do I my type pal? No, I'm afraid. Who? Who? Who do you do? I don't take no for an answer. What? Not you. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's for the good hands. It's for the good hands. It's for the good hands. It's for the good hands. It's for the good hands. It's for the good hands. It's for the good hands. There's little Eastern World. Will be exploded. Good dumb at people do. With the gas that we sold him. First time a presser nation had. They only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil going. That oil for when forget about the rain The nook there's no jumanthen For right wing is filling it over and over into our head And a rag has some Pampins of pastas structure 3000 people killed Our now forgotten Let's exploit them and set And there's oil to be taught Going after sit down to Plaked Osama There's no longer mention of Remainment law But no a thief can sign all Of being complacent Believe in every word Of this cartel administration That controls us by fear Through the name of an accumulation An accumulation and a right wing Just filling it over and over into our head And a rag has some weapons of pastas structure But you're who there is Come on Come on Come on The loss of civil rights Is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now Not to ask property I have nothing to hide People talkers all are saying But I know being a cattle don't have any Reservations Out of revotes We're a denial Old regime must fall And have a virgin and so With no objection at all Till the threats don't have the balls And the right wing It's really good over and over And to our parade Waspets I rag has some weapons of pastas structure Only I rag has some weapons of pastas structure And to our parade All right Oh Yeah Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Now, click you. Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine And life Venezuelan Republic of Spaininarne! Mnok! Bright of the same boring old community Crossers at Holiday Mass? Open white here, and prepare to receive thy Coffee! Godrul M延!!! Way份 again!!! This isn't just any wafer. It's not. No, who could divide the miracle of trans-savacantiation I turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ. Why does a body of Christ have to taste some yucky? Spice of your next communion with new Christ's errone. Christ's errone is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings. Plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forefell. And Christ's errone cooks up perfect every time. As you sure? Hmm, you guys have some more Christ's father? That's Christ's errone Billy. Amen, that's that. Christ errone, the trans-savacantiation tree. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, oh, oh. This is 5.16. Amen. You know, I want to tell you something. You're all about this sentiment, but because I don't tell you what you said. What if I want to get rid of this old guy on the phone? You got to put away the way behind you. I'm not gonna tell you what excuse you are. Excuse your language now. Let's fill your language. Alright, wait. I'm at Monge. I'm waiting Tuesday, Saturday, and then Wednesday, I'm day-stay. I'm at National Voice 2. It's a thing wrong. Just thinking. What? No. I did that. I probably did. No. I did that. I probably did. You could've followed, yes, you said, with, with all four bad. Oh, see, that's a sign of this gift, I'll see you on the table. So, my face should have gone far. Oh, my wish for you would stop nothing. It's just not so scary. I love without it, if you think of the piece of the piece. Oh, the piece of the piece of the piece of the piece of the leaf. You make something to keep the piece to keep the piece to keep. And now, here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Forksawsec, with a few words about new Timmy Dean's Bagel Sanctus. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, I still want to go meet 25 years ago, but I'd be making bagels. I'd have said, huh? That's two food, isn't it? But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels. With a big old grisys slab, a Timmy Dean Forksawsec, Johnny. New Timmy Dean, non-coachier bagel Sanctus. If you're due, if you can buy him, you just can't eat him. New Timmy Dean, bagel Sanctus. There's a little bit of bigot in everybody. I still remember getting my first Camels from my grandfather. It was worth those original, and I was poor. I remember it like it was old-fashioned. Hey, Billy, let's play a game! What? Guess what have gotten my book is? A piece of candy. You've guarded by a snake. Right there! Grandpa, I don't want to play this game anymore. Who cares? Let's play, Father Candida Crabis! Oh, Grandpa, I don't waste Nelson when you put it there! Yes, those games with grandmothers card mean for life. Which is right now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scarring a whole new generation with worthless original. Hey Timmy, say hi to Wet Willie, the worthless wonderworm! Oh, no, not the wonderworm! Worthless original, giving children nightmares for over 60 years. Absolutely. Don't use today, good detail has it saved. It's very summer-waves on the busman's holiday. Don't use today, so find another way. You can't use today, because you won't see no ties. Why don't they know how long it's gonna take? Now they all know and take another break. They waste our time with something to defend. Just ride the guy and bring it to it, and... No use today, that's too bad for all of you. He can't defend his rage. He's locked up in his rage. Oh, there's everything that's left. Because you don't sell nothing, that's all. You don't know how many people say what they're like. You don't fool, you don't know how to make. I'm telling you, man, I'm a little crazy. We'll sell around three million lobes. I didn't do double, but my name won't be a bad man. I just don't tell you what I'm saying. I wish you a little bit of a man. And you sell whatever you want. You know what they call them. You know what they call them. Try to put it in your pocket and say, man, what the fuck is it? I didn't do that already. So what I want to do? You'll make that video, damn it. Oh, man, you can do it. You'll do it. You'll do it. You'll do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. It's a pleasure. Are you sure? Hi. I'm here in summer. Do you know why? You got me talking on the passion song? Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Boo. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what's on the back. I got you down. Yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Boo. Boo. Boo. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with? Who'd you blacker? Who'd you whiteer? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. I tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Oh, right. There's a ghost. There's a ghost. She said I was too old-me. There's something that's more of a leave. Now she's got these of the leaves. I got a from Linda. And her cheeks are full of dust. Now my skin is now bound and now. I've been trepid for three days now. Who, oh, oh, oh, oh. A couple of some weight and gold ground in the waist. Counted and he drove to a half-to-day. And my hair's all mounted and hard to be. Since I saw Lisa, and her cheeks, I saw them on the hard-picked, going far. These are like a one-to-down. You're the real, and not the brave shit that's too big. You're the actual, and the precious, and the exact same thing that's all day. That drops on my foot through your way. For doctor, for spin, and says it's all day. And the station, Tuesday, Sunday, will close up. Now my destiny all round and round. I've been trepid for three days now. Who, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. A couple of some weight and gold ground in the waist. Counted and he drove to a half-to-down. Counted and he drove to a half-to-down. Counted and he drove to a half-to-down. Counted and he drove to a half-to-down. Counted and he drove to a half-to-down. For my god, this old, this radio station, Here's how the future isn't out. We've been talking about accidents. Ever since gots pulled out now, We'll win the Texas. The Panther Fills in the ass. And now, we've got a win for Texas. Find way before Earth. Do not think that it's a bummer. And it'll end when he's gone. OK. Sing good, find an errand. Someers, they hide a run and run. They don't want to confess it. All my time. And death can matter of the back. They don't want to confess it. But he'll keep chasing his back. I play with our house Safe This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Let's go, George George. Must take it from protect your inside. Don't say we'll be there still. For grandmaship, for even Neil Young. Treat your liver well. Don't drink like hell. It'll surely go back. Oh, please. Just keep it clean. It can't be fixed. You'll need a doctor. Don't you ever party hard. If you do, you could die. Or just wait and ever love my life. Like David Crossbeam. There are lettuce. I love your memory. But I was the guy who's house you said on fire last year. God, I best you. Even though you blew up my car, caught on my hair off, I disfigured. But what quick question do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this minute? No one's expecting weeks, but I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my hide. But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know I'm not dead yet. Dear lettuce. I want to tell you that the guy who saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He might have looked in top just like me, but that surely purely coincidental. I was nowhere near that place. I love you too much, who look at anyone else. Dear lettuce. I had it that is surprising that day. I was nowhere near that shared metal lens, so tell. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good with all those 20s as all that morning. Make my lefty elephant with a baby and a bunch of couple of men so... Oh! To our place we know. Absolutely. And name a matter of fell. Who's for name, begins with... Oh! There's one thing we all understand. I'll get a won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan. We could chase him round forever with our tanks and all our truths. The special forces are so tired of jumping through the ambus. You throw only me in another place. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. And I'll play it on these nuclear tanks. Why don't we stop when she's with? And we'll blow up Pakistan. All right. Boom, boom, boom. And these are some common to a life of Hollywood with another edition of America's Bond 40. Bontal by the Oxi-5 company's newest at Neymetication Oxi-1 5. For people free teenagers. It's only true. It's true. It's gonna be a real quick romantic boy. It's a good show. We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting down. Records, stories are shown. For some, I'm not raising your buy and I'm not using a number of co-chairs. What's review of the top three songs on the charts? And number three guns and roses is singing sweet count of mine. Well, if I had a child around my house today, I'd have these four words for we'd get to a slash and his cohorts. Stay by hell with me. And number two, you will hear what it says. There ain't no rhythm in a perfect world. And especially not for you, you listen. You don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's given a little crowded back there. But then again you probably don't mind. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor. And those are the silky ass earrings. Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny H.J.S. with one of the heroes moving down on the charts and deservedly so. Okay, Johnny, also we hate music. I don't think he'll status his feminine Johnny, so get a real job. And there is his own act, Rod Stewart, newest release for Ever Young. And for a moment I thought we were resounding about me forever hung. And now a time for a long distance dedication. It comes to us from a listener and Pasademe California right here at KC. I'm 16 years old, President of my class. I'm six foot to life, blonde here, weigh 170 by pounds and started quarterback for my high school days. But gave me I have a problem. The girls sampling one mile or even me alone. It seems you're so I don't want me for his my good looks, my excellent physique. Like and they just like me as a friend, creep me as a person instead of some sex object. And quit hitting upon me all the time. KC, they have any suggestions, shine, Todd. Well, here's my answer. They're flaming up. This is new Roger. Oh, yes. He's five, sixteen, two, five. The better, the better, the better way to benefit and spend it away. Listen, I doubt it's a chance. Bring in the turkey. You know why, please, I'm in search of the best. Thanks for being a big son. I'm sure you're a cool man, no job. So, this is a cute quick go. And such a tricky three. This is a birdie. Man, man, man, man, man, man, man. I'm in a bad way, no way, man, man, man. I'm in a bad way, man, man. I'm in a bad way, man. Dude, we need your turkey, Bob. Wait, Bob, that's silly. It's not a fair thing. Why do you mean, if what's the first four-five two-pays, you don't forget the right foot? What kind of trickier are you looking for? A foot, but can you trick, yeah? I can't trick, yeah. That trick is so stupid. I'm kidding, again. And we're flipping off. It's a trick, you know, if it's a banana, you're gonna get it right in the back. Don't shoot, no. Everybody know what's a banana, but don't shoot. There's a banana, but don't shoot, but don't shoot, but don't shoot. Don't shoot, Bob. Yeah, Bob. Yeah, Bob. That's the old guess out of Cuba. We just can't use ya. You've been around way too long. Casflow, you are too fast. Too long you've lasted. The Bay of Peace should have worked. If you tell me you make me sick, Get out of Cuba quick. You are so God damn rich. You and me go bitch. This fall we know you're like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 60? Three, two, one, kill, can't that be? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Get out now and be your nation. Are you into mass devastation? If there will be less the embargo Cuba will become another kill, i got USA. You are saying We are turning all the raps and boats away Close it Yes, we are all getting out of Cuba We just can't use it You are in a wrong way to love Yes, you are really fast How long you last to pay a tax My puppy's a tell you You're sick You're not a Cuba quick You are so good You are amigo son of a bad bitch This following your life Are you behind the strike Where were you in 63? Did you kill junk Kennedy Who are they? Who are they? Who are they? Who are they? Get out now And pay your nation Are you in domestication If you believe the embargo You will become a lot of kilos You are saying We are all getting out of the raps and boats away Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it Close it 먹 it Watch itаны Dog Baby Play this minha Bed OS Play this histoire Where are they? Kids Ginger Gently Be in You Don't carry me some stabs, late one night. When he insisted that the president wasn't doing things right, then which is numbers. They also rise, and suddenly, would begin to realize. And just a breath. They were doing the George Bushback. His record, they tried to try. The other friend. Supporters left in a fly. They did the George Bushback. From a tiny little office in the White House, when he's the ponder terrorism and middle-east peace, he's ordered John Kerry's grabbing more votes, but then thought of grabbing Kerry by the throat. And then a breath. They did the George Bushback. They had a breath. His record, they really tried. They had a breath. Supporters left in a fly. They did the George Bushback. And the Perry's numbers were sorted, and quite profound. George had to do something, and not wanting around. Those important supporters who needed to revive with more anti- Kerry and help them scale out. They did the George Bushback. His record, they really tried. Supporters left in a fly. They did the George Bushback. Now everything's cool just as Kerry had run. His load of popularity has begun to expand. But there's really no trick, because it's true. They're trying to keep crushing the president with critical reviews. They're saying that that's... They're doing the George Bushback. They're saying that that's... His pasts, they really tried. They're saying that... It's catching on in a fly. They're doing the George Bushback. Oh, tell me y'all. Oh, I come from top or Texas way. They get tar on my knees. They died in the way. They had a high race pass for the T.O.B. Old ducks came out. Don't put no blame on me. They come from my vacation. Poor out photo of her two-let's eat. Swing your partner round and round. Now build a little swim into the war. So let's go to the left. So the right. Here we go. Swing a little mud out. Don't see go. Old ducks, three now. Like in those people's feet. To the first single knee. The eye not bend. It's for a care wrecking. Oh! Bye-bye!