I'm gonna go to the toilet. I'm gonna go to the toilet. That's a good point. I'm gonna go to the toilet. That is a good point. We had all the 18. Okay, we have a better point. What's that? We took the toilet. That's an even better point. Neil? Well, for years, Hank. Neil is here. He'll take you up to the toilet. Yeah. Yeah, the moment is on, I guess he was on yesterday. He came back from the U.S. We got a couple of new mobics today as a matter of fact, just an honor of his return. Let's go to the toilet. A couple of really good ones too. I'll be listening. I'll bet you will. More problems have landed by the way. Yeah, that's so good over there. See this one? Only bomb us per canus little bombs. Nobody did yet. That's a bit of a vacuated, all the subway stations. And I guess another is a few. Yeah, and then there was a bus. The windows in the upper deck blew out. There were just little nail bombs. I guess they better get used to it. Yeah. Why do people planning your summer vacations? What do you want to go? London or Israel? Which one sounds appealing to you? And be sure to ride the tour bus. I think that's a blast. I think Las Vegas sounds good. Yeah. Well, you're going there soon, right? Actually, I won't be there until the end of August. Yeah. But I'll be going in Chicago on the 13th of August. And then I'm going out to San Diego to Delmar. This is not going to be tough assignments. Those are us through. Somebody has to go. Delmar and Vegas. Oh, brother. But the Arlington million. You have almost as tough a life as I have. Almost. Nobody has a life you have. It is Thursday, which means another tough assignment today for a fellow for our show. No ball game, no nothing. Although we met up on the BBC a little bit here. And it's like people got hurt simply in the scramble. And that really is the picture that you get from it. Is there story, man? And if they could all have a collective good ball movement, I think it would be so much better for the way they speak and where they act. It's so constipated. I just wish they catch some of these guys. Yeah. But that seems to be ongoing problem. There should be no problem over there. There's only how many million of these people over there? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They seem to have zeroed in on the people who were responsible for the last one. But see, as always, keep them one step ahead for so many. And of course, that a racket attack. There was really a very good idea as far as inspiring a lot of suicide bombers and a lot of crazy people and a lot of pissed off people. About Judge Roberts. Yeah. How bad? Well, he didn't get the gig to see the SNU's anchoring. So I guess he had to do something. John Roberts. Yes. How about Salt and Pepper here? Another guy who was in Florida helping Jed make sure that his brother got in. Right. He was part of that whole thing. That's correct. That's great. He also, let's see. I have a story on him and my huge pile here today about how he was involved in the French fry case. Remember the thing about Freedom Fry's and French fries on that? He was in that? No, not Freedom Fry's. Yeah. I got the story here. Yeah. We were in a French fries. He would be called on, let's see. During his career, he grew on a case that hinged them on the simplest way. The easiest of human actions, the eating of a single French fry. Incredible. Yeah. He ruled in the district court of Columbia. In the case of a girl who was arrested the end of the 12th after she was seen popping a French fry into her mouth and a metro subway station. Well, we'll get into that later. Boy, he had a handle. That case? Yeah. The French fry. I mean, I mean, I think he was fries. I'm sorry. I've received a French fry. I'd sure like to. That's how I get older. I've become so much more bigoted. And I'm not, I see, I'm no longer ashamed of it. I just because I have more contact with different kinds of people. And then discover I can't stand most of them. I mean, I think British and the French. So you want to change the name of French fries? And I still have this Jamaican thing, man. What is that? I just haven't had good experiences. I'm sure that there are. And then he is really thing. I totally know the day about those Israelis of woodbind. Oh, yeah. That was really. Oh, yeah. Nothing to make me anti-Somantic. Thanks, aren't very good, and is really either. I wanted to pee on their homensage. Next program if I get a chance. I was so pee off about it. Sorry, Joyce. Can't say pee. Sorry. I know that. That's what I have on. I have an answer that says, anytime she cooks, she says, there's nothing like a good pee. Oh, I had to call from your close personal friend the other night. Which one? Jamf Rimmer. Ah, I'm not about that. Speaking of cheap. How's he doing? You know, I'm sure that you must know this too, because you're so well known, you're on TV and all the things. And there are people in life who want to use you as a human prop. So they slept you around or they called you on a phone and they got somebody else. Oh, look at that. Hey, kind of party. Yeah. Oh, do I hate that? And remember, don't do that again. Stop it already. That Doug McLean there buying him dinner, of course. And they're passing the phone back and forth. And it was kind of like that bit with the al-Michael's and mode that we got. You know, you know, that whole bit. Yeah. And it was kind of like that. They're both, you know, you know, and there was nothing funny going on. I was 15 at night. I'm watching TV, mind in my own business. And I should never fancy the phone. Just by the sound of the phone ring, I should have known those of you who are peeing in the ass. Which is him and McLean. Go away, remember, okay. Go away. Oh, and he's talking about, you know, he's listening online because he's got no life because there's no one. Nothing going on the summer time anyway. Hey, Kowambi. And he listens to our crossover one morning, where we went on a great length about hockey. I said, you must be doing magic mushrooms. Hank and I have a bit more than 15 seconds talking about hockey in the lockout because, you know, it's a two-note. Yeah. You know why we talked about that. Huh? You don't want to talk to the person. And I told him nobody even here cares. Doug is telling me, oh, well, here in Kowambi, everybody's all whipped up. I said, I'm glad they're whipped up a lot there because nobody here cares in Toronto. And if they don't care, you're here, how can they care any place? And I see the article very jackass has a big blurb in there yesterday in the here and about. Oh, and the first three days after day and else the deal was done, the pants are sold out. 100 seasons against 100. Another signing, the newsworthy it seems to me. And their payroll may have approached 30 million. Well, guess what it was last year, the lowest in the league, 20 nine million. Yeah, now they have, we don't want to talk about this. That's right. Let's not see what I'm talking about. We're going to be a second to talk in hockey stuff. Nobody cares about that. No. But next week, it'll be interesting, though. No, it will not. No, won't. Who's who's stays and who goes. Yeah, yeah, who cares. I just don't care anymore, I'm hearing up. Well, if you've given up, but I don't know how to talk about it. There's life beyond it. Okay, they're just the whole sports thing. I shouldn't say, you're a favorite. I know your favorite sport now. What's that? A lot of machines. No, no. No, I wouldn't say that's a sport that that's like a charitable donation. I've never charitable pastimes. Yeah, 10 turner bill gates. They give millions and billions of away to charity. I give you a thousand. Just one of those things. You can't win for losing. But I have a good time. Hey, that's what counts. That's right. Kills some good time. Another good thing. I urge you to forget you're my, I mean, it's mentioned the magic word to you today. Cinnamon. You hear me talking about that today? Cinnamon. Cinnamon. I heard you talking about. Go online and look up to a Google on Cinnamon and Blood Sugar. You'll be amazed. Do you like cinnamon? Not particularly. Oh, when I want to kiss in. So what about the capsules? I'm not very good on sugar stuff. Really? No. Well, no, I'm not talking about it with sugar. I'm just talking cinnamon. It has different mint. It has it tremendously positive effect on your blood sugar. I'm just telling you that right now. So I would like to keep you alive. I'm not just cinnamon with oatmeal. Yeah, well, there you go. I think I have that tomorrow morning. Well, I'm trying to get some. Don't get the cinnamon with sugar, but go to like the the has cinnamon. I'm asking you. You don't even have a refrigerator. I'm just a refrigerator. Someone's a, this is a man who hasn't had a meal at home in 15 years. Exactly. Last hurricane season when you got like locked in. Remember? Yep. That's right. There's nothing if you refrigerate it. And that's nothing. I don't understand that. How can you all your meals out? Uh, I don't know. It seems like the thing to do. It's better than having a prepared yourself. Yeah, that's true. Maybe I'll hire a microwave oven. I want to keep you on the flavor wave oven. Something that for everybody else. We're going to get you on. How bad if I just get a housekeeper? Yeah. What the house? 25. Yeah. What the housekeeper prepare my meals. Okay. Sounds good. I think screw-in you still have a housekeeper, didn't you? I have no idea. She and I, the few times we conversed, it didn't turn out so well. If you send you a screaming in her room. Well, I always think in yesterday, Adam wanted to talk about her's raising you. Because it's also boring to most people. But Patrick Valenzuel was the only person in America who's been suspended more times than Hank. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. And for just amazing, he's got more lives than he had already got. He's been told, I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I mean, no case. He's a good writer, but she's as somebody chances to see him get for crying out loud. I'm good. I'm not going to lie. He just keeps winning. No, I know. No, no, no, no. No. Next thing you're going to help her sound is going to make another comeback. I have to be talking about that. Tell Bigum up. All right. I'm not going to have an Thursday. I don't think you're going to be losing too much today. I'm going to take it up for the weekend. I'm working today. Are you? Yeah. I have to go through some interviews up at, but I'm actually going to interview Marino for... Oh, be sure. I got a big take out of that story about how Schuola finally took their gloves off in his hands. Jimmy, I love that. Nice going. Choose my suit of rain. It was Rip and Jimmy Johnson. You know what? He always is trying to win a subtle way. Now he's coming out. Now he doesn't have to pull any punches. Right. But Jimmy. Oh, my Jesus. He only got set up. Jimmy set him up right there on National on Fast TV and set up for the fall. And then he came in and fell on his own ass. So anything that, anything negative about Jimmy Johnson, I love it. Schuola never refers to him as Jimmy. He's the only guy in the world who goes in Johnson. He won't go in by his first day. When he refers to him as Johnson. Talk about a great hate man. Yeah. Unbelievable. What's this? That goes on in that organization. Man, under the surface, the most people never go to chance to really peruse. It's really grotesque. A lot of hate. Yeah. Like the radio station. Yeah, go. Come like you. I am. I was thinking just yesterday. See, what a shame. I'm never going to be able to see Greg again. I'm never going to see him. Why? I had to be smile. I'm not coming anymore. Never? No. You will never set foot in a spacing. I will never do another show inside that building. You can bet Greg's life on it. Okay. I know because all my trips down there are coincides with part of like if I have like a week off. Yeah. Why, like spend a week in and then couple of days there. So I'm there three, four days and the through my doctoring and take your business. And I get there a lot of there. Well, why should I be there putting up with their grief when I can be here enjoying my life and away from all our angervation. That's the best. And a studio that by the way, everything always works in here. Oh, yeah. Oh, where you are, it does. Yeah. I suppose to be able to be on Tuesday. I mean, holding on two days a week, we can't even keep the day in transmitter running. I heard that. Yeah. That was nice. What was it about? Eight and nine. Oh, wait. You were on there for a while when you didn't think you were. I was a good thing. We didn't say. Yeah. Give me a little a pee is in. Well, actually, you used to refer to it was you had to go go pee. Yeah. You didn't say that. You said, and that's okay. You're going to. What's the case? We got a test to dump on. We got to test to dump on here and just a second. Because I'm not so sure that this one is working. So in all of we have two backups there. Anyway, a lot of practice in this term show in dumping stuff. I was one of those things where I was in the car about to go and I was going to buy Oh, by the way, thank you. I bought the Samsung. All right. Oh, right. And I was there in front of sound advice. Yeah. When you were. You power went on. Yeah. And so I was sitting there listening because I could hear you and George talking. Oh, brother. Well, we had a feeling we might be on. We were too sure. So we were getting a tiptoed around the two of us. So it was riveting radio. But thank you. Thanks for the suggestion. That's like the time for well and I were doing the show. Remember the transmitter was out for a change. And we were going to show on the internet. I was saying which time. No, I remember one time we did like an hour. I think I'm in and used every word that's ever been invented because it was not over the year. Oh, I was excited when we have a power outage. We'll try that. But thank you for this suggestion. It's a great set. Really. You have the 50 year to. I got the 52 now. And I got the 46 we'd have a small room here. But well, what a beautiful picture. I'm waiting. If you watched any ball games, I have not watched anything. I had it. It'll be delivered on Tuesday. Oh, I watched it. I watched it. I watched it. And you're going to have to start putting food to refrigerate. Yeah, thanks. And the house is on. And I'm telling you right now. I thought about that. Oh, boy. It is just phenomenal. So I owe you. Thank you. Okay. Enjoy it. As usual, you give good advice. Yes, I do. Sound advice. On that note, have a great day. And you. And stay at London. I will do that. And tell of you. Yep. And the bag that. And the favorite call. See you. Bye. Come on. You. Make me one of all. I call my check-in. And some ball. Get my finger around the door. I'm the check-in. You're scared. Press. Be. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy, boy. Boy. I switched my political'm 이유 to go to Northlow's. I baked! Pot. Andorted man. And the daik. I switched as. He... So pretty. Yeah. Tobie! Like he's real time bitch. Like check-in. I'm telling you that you found with Dive Magic! Thank god you know. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the noise. Oh, it's all in the house. It's no only the one that got square space, then five, six to W acquisition, the oldон, a red wind, it changed one thing. Yeah like that. There you go, where's something? Mist Release, it changed a changing switch, and today I t ended five. Oh, okay, I don't want any minutes after, so you see it's no more than Turkish. What's the difference? Oh, I mean how I can even Bas Beletина never had an English name? Oh, okay. With Taylor Swift. Yeah, so that boy has a wonderful entanglement, you know, E. is what a difference. Fox News, CNN, MSNBC, we're all whipped up into a frenzy this morning over London Bommings. I'm listing online to BBC London 94.9. Everyone is calm, cool, and collected. And just report in the facts. We're different. The US media sick and needs help badly. Absolutely. That's great. So here's what's going on. Three. Now, three hero stations have been infected. And of course, a bus. Police and emergency services are responding to incidents to three London Underground stations and on a bus. There are on confirmed reports of a nail bomb and a number of floating at Warren Street. Queue station. No reports of other casualties at the scene of the other incidents at oval and shepherd's bus stations and on a number of 26 bus at the junction of Hackney Road and Columbia Road in East London. Television footage showed that the bus which appeared to be intact had been evacuated. It's as it appeared to be intact here. This is from the Guardian, but the windows and the upper were blown out. Metropolitan Police Commissioner of Sir Ian Blair, a peer of Londoners to stay where you are, what he described as a very serious incident. Sir Ian said these closing were smaller than them in the last occasion, but we don't know the implications of all this yet. At initial examination carried out by a police and protective clothing at oval station to show no trace of chemical agents that he spoke to them for Scotland Yard Inspectoral Stroud, who's on the case? He is a case and he is virtual strad. OK. OK, I like that long cross over there with a hump or man sovereignty 1014 and starvedy break time here on WQA and trucks to make it act today. There you go. There are palpitate and activate in over there in London because they stood to harness nets like some famous philosopher once said, they stood to harness nets. They stood at all up. They did the Iraq attack and now they were reaping the negative for benefits from Scotland 20 there and of course George W. The M.O. Coast is Lord is number one aging gourmet buffet. That's not just Neil's opinion. That's his rated by the Gett Westrop Review. U.S. Lord and now every Friday through Sunday night lobster fest is back by poppy the man featuring main lobster served thermator style. And you can still enjoy crab fest every night with last in snow crab legs, dungeonous crab, and Jonah Stone crabs. The main is still includes fest oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30. But turn the man. And then item. So in addition to the animal coast is what your handcar of firm rib and from their flaming grilled delicious succulent juicy New York sticks, a stakes, and sticks cooked just the way you're like in the order. Five out dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain where it can hand if you own strawberries, marshmallows, other, they're can intrigue. Just stick it in there. Don't forget the animal coast for most healthy living too for eating all their fine cuisine with cholesterol-free can owe oil, no MSG, no cornstarch, no MSG-head egg, no crab. So book your reservations about the animal coast relocations for a real feast, a real pig out. They're in sunrise, sunny house beach and pember pines for the Mocost called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two. Last and last the imitators are just about every street corn now. It's got another one but there's nothing like the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. What a constant force. What a force. What a kind of clip-off story. And the year live! All glorious are spotted hypothetical direction! Five, five, if it was for no stop and strikes. Now now now now they want a brand new amendment You'll make it a new, in your flag and nice The cow was a big experience How's that a child Jesus? The cow's real speech, the birth of life By naming The boy ever seems to burn in the park for the day You were found by the father's The cow was a child's son The cow was getting on and on The burning flags Burning flags I'm pretty impressed A power of nearly the end Now got it Don't hate to buy the sandstone instead of the other stuff He was going to buy it Which I mean I have no vested interest one way The other I just want to make sure it's his first HD Said might as well get the best one going I talk to the salespeople and I view them all The Sony and the this one and that one And the law of that stuff All these things I still say I'm really pleased with my set So I'm pretty impressed aren't you? That's all what Gary Sarterson Gary Sarterson can blow it out of his ass Okay, it's with the Hall of Honor Gary's George is full from yesterday Speaking of that, I'll be before we do the pool Now we have see I want to do this little test of my yellow button here But we have to open on and Because I don't want to like I've believed about the bit It was pretty good bit The burning flag flag And then I was tough and they're doing this assignment I mean we're going to get them to do anyway We're a setting gosh and they're to make sure that all of the people are in position Ah, yeah Yeah, I see we have a committee in there to make sure that somebody in person Well, we're going to do something when Ducca's got the radio on We're going to do something like maybe play it now So we're going to help him find where it is on the dial Okay, well, let's get the pool results from yesterday George continues trying to prove a point to himself And you can continue to take 80 million pools on the same thing It's not going to make any difference But you know about gay sex we can put in a symbol and have room for a dust ass You're fairing. Okay, well there you go Exactly. Sweet people. That's okay. Here's George's full of me Today we just stop already. Okay stop when it fixation It makes you feel better everybody's a straight okay Hey everybody's a fairing something People who have sex almost exclusively with the opposite sex almost being the operative order And George is pool and of course this has been up on my pool the previous day when George is trying to prove a point Right people have sex almost exclusively with the opposite sex Our bisexual at the very least for under 13 can be had a sexual 246 about 30 Not 30 audience six of all a crap right and of course I know that you're going to grab it. Yeah, our homosexual and in denial 171 20.6 percent out of a hundred and thirty coach that was surges this for sure yesterday Right, right approval himself. No, of course You give me the solid advance about about all of your straight people in the building are great Well of course they're going to say that all they're all going to say in the building and outside of the building And all of the bisexuals and didn't know I will look me. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, whatever you say what difference is a make okay Here's today's pool before we get on to a Scotty being dead. Oh Scotty's dead being his ashes in outer space Which is exactly what they're doing. That's prophetic. We're ready. Now you got that music room. Oh, okay Do the test wait keep the music going or something what do you mean by that? I guess we well in other words, they're not going to know I'm going to hit it right now All right I hit it there, so that should like take them a back and of course I have no idea how that's going to work because there's this 75 Twin in about 11 30 and we'll find out if they end up but work Hahaha, why have you got the door open here and stuff? Yeah, I think they just ran back in the office But we'd be right there. He just ran back in his office Who's listening. I told him you hit it. Yeah, and then he just ran back. He's got some of your time. You have to run take your time Okay, we got those 14 or seven minutes a day. That's 90 minutes And like I said about noon, you should find out. So where's the report? Is he going to come right away? We'll see back in and say nothing happened. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. What's right again? Try it again. Yeah, but are you telling me? I think we're just out of here. I think we're just out of here. There's no definitive place. I think you should place them. Okay, here we go. Not yet. We're playing the music right now. Yeah, we'll wait till it gets into music cards. You know, I guess. What is it in narrative? He knows how this goes. Yeah. These are the voices. It's the family who are right now. It's why you have the trouble to listen to the schools. You know, you see how you like and use civilization to boldly go where no man has gone before. I said to get it. Yeah, I'm ready for it. Now, what he did. Okay. And we'll George is in there listening also. This is so. I think it works. I think it works. It did work. Yeah, I heard it. So not the first time he did not work is like, well, tell me, but we don't know that. He didn't hear anything different. But I heard something different. Oh, what I went in there. Okay. We could do it again to be sure. I'm just going to keep hitting him. I was at all day. And as a meal takes a dump right on the air. George won't be too happy about that. Anyway, some of that that it worked and it's going to just go ahead and release squarely. If I find a hand in like bang line, I would have to remember those days when we hit the equipment problem. So I remember. I was banging on this counter here. Man banging on it. Anyway, now, how do you say his name? Does anybody officially know because it's embarrassing? I said we're done. Huh? I've read you that. After James do hand, all the way, I think it might be doing. How are you doing, Scottie? I'm dying on the hand. Wow. After James do hand, we transported the crew of the start track television series due space on the command. Be me up, Scottie. Die with the age of 85, as Jason said. That's plenty old enough. While the closest do hand came to a do-and-came door, but with playing engineer Montgomery Scott on the earthbound set of the Starship Enterprise, his life-windy tends to set the act as ashes in a space according to his agent. When a death is going to ship those ashes out, the couple at Long Grove read the ashes will be launched into the final frontier space. They are to use space services, anchor, test-is-space company that rocket the domains of start-to-create are seen rotten, and the 1960s drug-goor Timothy Lary into the firmament. The Canadian-born actor, but you didn't know that, eh? Though I didn't. Dying in a sleep at his home in a Pacific state of Washington after Long Battle with Alzheimer's disease, and after coming down with pneumonia, his longtime friend and agent set a set of Steve Steven's, said his life of 20 years was at his side. He loved being Scottie Steven, said referring to Doons' role as the, co-modulate engineer in Star Trek, which can't have hold of him to worldwide fame. He loved the whole Star Trek thing, I don't think people knew what a terrific actor he was. He said, states, I will throw it. What a talk up. Doon performed in World In 2000, as a Canadian television show before that, and what would become his trademark role in the Star Trek club in series, and debuted in 1956. And that interesting, well-shatner, another Canadian boy, Doon immortalized the fantasy starships engineer, a pragmatically blunt bearer of a man who repeatedly mangled miraculous her peers while crew members dealt with the, whatever, and were sitting in the adventures of space, the final frontier. The television show on the Star Trek series of movies started in the same crew headed by William Shattler, Scott and James Kirk, and this first-mate Leonard Nimoy, as Mr. Spock, who was all ears. The TV series and films were worldwide, and I would have been a great live wouldn't. But I listen to me Mr. Spock, I'm all ears. Oh, yeah, what have been cute? James, lovely idea being an airport and people from some obscure country, barely able to speak English, like Miami. Would come over to him and say, you're a Scotty, I've never known someone so gracious with a fan Steven said. He routinely said, if you don't want to take time to sign autographed for a fan, go and sell shoes somewhere instead of being an actor. There you go. We're sell some shoes. Go over it. I also have the shoes to eat or something. Have an heard from him in a long time. Thank God. No wonder when the girl moved all of us, huh? What have you put it up to? But right now, let's be conjured. Oh, no, we don't care. 28 past ten and five, 60, how's the BBC doing? He went at the small bomb. To have anything with him. And as I said, when he... Man has been arrested at Whitehall. But he didn't, that didn't appear to be any source of sell, or bag, or anything on his sorv, or... No bells or whistles or stuff like that. He did have a... Thank you. Second. First blood sugar. Back he was eaten cinnamon when they apprehended him. 28 past ten, if you waned, hey, racing fans, pump it up park and poker, racing and poker is giving up for its final three weeks of live harness racing and poker, you could take a short three-week break in the middle of August. Are you following this? Everyone see a pump it up park is dollar-night. Would wrap your soda hot dogs into the food items just to buck a piece plus to start of the sunshine's state series for four to bread trotters and paces. And of course, they are great poker tournaments every afternoon, leaving in the poker room for three drives when betting vouchers every live racing day in the poker room from four to seven p.m. Friday is super effective Friday, which is perfect for wagering an every race and then this Saturday July 23rd will be three drawings to win a 32 inch color TV and or betting vouchers after every live race. It pays to come and plunge your gut-sided pump and a park racing and poker, located just a half mile for both I and I and I if I have an eternal pipe, pump and a park is easy to get to, and best of all offers you free admission and free general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the poker room open to be Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, poker will miss open from noon till midnight live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 in a p.m. Pompital park or block south of the line in full of art on power line road where Wayne Tepple Islander stand is going to be driving this weekend. Call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 and maybe even Clarets A-odd for the currations schedule or go online at pompitalpark.com. Pompital park course power even plung your gut sign. B-S person now holding your Guatemala glea. Please show support for your residency team. You're here. pp1, pp? Give me another surlante. And now I'm a painter. that you you get to down there in a parroted ice, cling to the fluid. the studios at W1CI New York. More more home and a good guy. Yeah, it's good to be back in New York. A town's so great, they had the name twice. Come on, let me give you a draw. Over here, it's like, good choice, it's the thing. And over there is the grand concoons. When you can get three-cut figures, that's as far as I know, where I've got it. Now if you look so big here, you're here. You're here, you're here. What are you saying, you're home? You come back to pick your thing. Oh no. I'll never wear a left and yeah, I'll have to let you. I got it, I got it. I'll pick it, I'll pick it. I'll pick it, I'll pick it. Oh, I got it. I got it. Oh, I got it. Oh, I got it. And yeah, we just want it totally, and that's all. I got it. I got it. I got it. Oh, I'll have to get it. Oh, I won't. Did that was close? I'll never find the end. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I love him. Where am I? Was that sightseeing? You're standing, because I'm feeling a good boy. Right? I'll go before the numbers come out. The book comes out next Wednesday. How about a thermostes appare for us? Can like, Bruce, I thought, an oint. Go, go, go, go. Go. Get her. Yeah. Anyway, here's the poll today. The thing I'm least likely to do is, let's add a couple more on here. Let at least one, take golf. Okay? I just came up with a whole bunch of things that I think people are at least likely. Right. Here's what we got so far. To hundred and fifty nine votes, which is pretty good considering that everybody's out of town, two hundred and fifty nine votes, least likely they have G6, 173, 74.5%. Listen to sports box, twenty seven, each sushi, sixteen, read the stories on On the other side, give laid seven. Pick up a dinner tab too, so remember voted twice. Watch other people play sports too. Read a newspaper too and watch TV news one. Notice that reading newspaper too, watch TV news are like last and next last. Which means people lie a lot. Okay, see if I have an other sentence. I don't believe you. Most of you don't read newspapers, and certainly most of you don't watch. Unless they're considering like, it'll come in a central and John's store. That's really TV news. Hey, we love the fake news. Close for them. You get to read all those anywhere. I wish it probably put on, well, I'm not going to change it. Because they're in a lie about it anyway. Oh no, we're all very tuned in. We love those bedtime stories. That's where they bring you some latest pictures. Who's written to our course? When I read it, it would be pictures. See, just a few moments ago about an incident that happened in Downing Street. It took just about a quarter past three. There you can see. All right. Another good one from Joey and downtown Miami. You vote Republican. I like that. Play golf and vote Republican. Side the gate to Downing Street. There you see very dramatic pictures of the moments. Only about 10 minutes ago. I'm a way where are these snippet gods? It's a awesome. We were listening before to show you the time about bringing up the snippet gods and George is the penis. Oh, brother. You see, you haven't had these screens with a silly ass brits like I've had. Oh, you're so many times as scary. I'm just a dumb. I don't think I'm able to do that. They are just. And of course, most of them, the ones that you are there for some reason are the thick necks. You know what I'm talking about? So the big heads and the thick net are all about that. They must have a factory where they stand them out. Where the world family stands them out. Probably it's right next to the place where they used to make that poison gas. Anyway, Frank and Hollywood says not to pick on Mohour David, but he originally came to the arena broadcast often. Football game. So, don't do it. I suppose that included the sports show to compliment his dolphins broadcast. Now they doesn't have the dolphins geek. Why is he still on the radio? Well, you'll have to ask him to be on two to four of the chef known followed by mad dog and then guilty seven to ten. So he's not letting our tess and Todd K. Tenitude. And that's our lineup. Oh, wow. Anyway, it says why is the most of London radio. He shows marginal advice to side from some decent opinion of the comments. He shows not very entertaining. Well, he's sell the illuminating, but never entertaining. But it is professional. Right. It's very professional. I didn't credit that the Yorker calls us of subsided to his Frank, but still why is he still here? Can he get a get back in New York? No. Isn't that all the good talent says is it that all of the talent like your Rosenmann wrong by WQM that mowers all day have? Can't we get eight hours of mandate? Oh, even better eight hours of Neil? No, no, no, no. Four hours of Neil and four hours of George. No, no, no, no. Just get the radio, Frank, OK. Kiss the date and still hear anything before the jack food and goofballs come along. I love this article. You know, Denver LaFaye from Tampa? Yes, I do. A teacher accused of repeatedly seducing the 14 year old pupil is too pretty to go to jail who I was saying. Right. I'll take care of her. Well, one of them in English brothers was kind of pretty, which one? The one with a piece, the one with a band hair piece. Denver LaFaye 24, who's got real here. She's, I don't know. She's, I don't know. I'm going to be this is not over here. Don't be over here, too. She's OK. Face is up to 30 years. Not third in the whole of jail on charges, including the city is battery. And there's nothing worse than having the city is battery. There's assale fits. She'll tell you. If the food fits, wear it. Her lawyer, the pre-touch hearing told this to place Debbie into a state women's pen and century to place an attractive young woman in that kind of hellhole is by putting a piece of raw meat in with a lion's meat. Missile Faye, a former pin-up model, will paint she was insane to do emotional stress and didn't know right from wrong when she had sex numerous times. It was right. Matthew Merchant, when she was a middle school reading teacher. She was quite funny. The boy told him, as a kid, they had sex in a classroom. For her house, and once in a vehicle, while his 15-year-old cousin was driving it, the vehicle it is. He said, LaFaye, a photo from her married daughter, Merchant was in trouble and she was aroused by the fact that having sex within was not allowed. And I say, it's called the forbidden fruit. Speaking of misroids, the forbidden fruit. And notice that full-way took on two days. And that's survey. Yeah. I didn't see the final result, but I can't imagine what it changed very much. Not that many gay. And like about four or five percent between the Elizabethians and the others. Okay. Wasn't very much. Oh, it's a Turkish person if you had it. I think you chased him away, but you crazy keep playing with him. You fared. See that thing. I think you chased him away. You fared. Let's say, here's a fact from Mike from Davy. He used to, as I think he enjoyed his movie, The Magic Christian 75 plus. The Magic Christian stars are Peter Sellers and Ringo Star, with guest appearances by John Playslor and Harvey Rakel, while fuel-brinner Roman Polansky. Cedaric Hyde, Cygric Cedaric obviously knows who the hell's at. Never heard of it. Oh Cedaric Hyde, why? I still know who that is. Music is by Badfinger, I love Badfinger. That's almost as good as stinky finger. The movie really has its minutes to go. Okay, thanks a lot, Mike and Davy. I'm going to check that out. What's it called? The Magic Christian. Oh, brother. The Magic Christian. I remember Ed Christian, a real whole-ass radio jerk. I think I feel like playing Gingles. Let's play Gingles and hit the dump button. No, no, no. Twenty-two, eleven and five, sixty, we got the more nice there. Go, go, go, go, go. Little famous. Go, go, go, go, go. No, man, it's coming along at two o'clock. It's quite of your protest. Oh, I know, that's right. We don't, don't, look at that. Here I sit with a piece of copy in my hand. What a coincidence. What's your teeth? You're right. You're right. You're right. What? What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts at your feet? What's your thoughts at your feet? What's your thoughts at your feet? And the way I listen to that deceased crowd, He makes me wanna throw up right in my mouth. I hear the day. I haven't heard one of his songs that I'd like yet. They'd be not just because I'm not the family. Like that girl they know we did. 146-14, you've more than a clock in 56 to 72. I am happy through days of light 21st. Everybody happy. Yeah, it's my life. But it's an Australian Prime Minister John Howard's for your back and the city of London. Oh there is with Tony Blair and they're pontificating and he rackulating and talking to him. Okay, right now we're gonna get a lot of reading good calls today. And probably we left some things off of this pool when you think I'm sure. People that have something to say absolutely wouldn't dream. I got two more for you. Two more. Now I got one more. Go to the race track. Okay. 10? We'll put it on. Yeah, and that all these things that people would just never do an estimated majority of people. WQAM, hello. Any help are you doing? Yes, sir. Great. Yeah, the suggestion for the poor. I'm surprised that it isn't there. It's joining to Army. That's the thing I'm most likely least to do. Excellent choice. Good taken man. Okay, see you in the border. Join the Army. Join the military. And listen to the military. That's an excellent choice. Don't do it. Don't be human fodder for your fodder man. That's what they want you for for their for their fodder. To say you're gonna be a human sacrifice or their future. Of course, now we're seeing the fruits of their insanity. And the people in London, but they get used to this. This is going to be a way of life. Just like it is in Israel. It's going to be a way of life. It's going to be happening all the time now. Because not only do you have the original, you know, blue from a couple of weeks ago. But now you got the copycats and the impressionable punks and all the other. The guys that want the 72 virgins right now, you know, all this stuff. Crazy religious genetics and the big thing. That's a great way to get them. That's a great way to get them. That's a great way to get them. So, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, all this stuff. Crazy religious genetics and the excuse me for the redundancy. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Go for the party. Yeah. Have a new material. Hey, buddy. Just to be on the stage sign. I'm here several times. That's, that's his pathetic. Did he die yet? No. We had talked about that. Who's we? Meet his friend. Yeah. He's been friend. Yeah. He was going to do something about it. Yeah. He's been friend. Yeah. He was going to do something about it. Yeah. We're only hasn't gotten around to it yet. Okay. His friend who lies a lot wants to me my good buddy. Hey, Jeff, hi. We always should die. Okay. Tell you that right now. That's not to stick. That's not on the earth. We wish you would die a horrible wickedness. In fact, just take his badass. Take away his walker and just dump him down. He's back stairs there. Okay. Tell him it's a fire alarm. Here's line nine. Hello. Come on. Wow. Two for the price of one. Five six seven. Five sixty. In fact, we could rule all three of them right down the stairs together. Just tie the ranch together. We'll be a good idea. Place that's on who does it. Hit first. Yeah. We can use fanboys the anchor. Somebody to kill me. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing sir? I'm doing great. I was just thinking of the revolutionary where we had here in America when we wanted to get away from England. Yeah. But remember correctly the French human to help us after we started the war. Now it's the French came in today. He has a one. He went here. We'll start a war for you. It'll be a part of it. Much like we're doing over in Iraq. I'm top of it. The French came over and helped us. And there's a oil interest. I mean, I have little boys but I was about it. But I was just saying, since they came that the United States needs to kind of get their priorities. They're going to help a country be independent. They want to spread democracy. Why do they do it where the country itself has already started. This business is spreading democracy. That's like when the British were doing the take over the world routine. I was spreading democracy. What about to that grab? It's called occupation. It's called illegal invasions. What it's called. And how am I to say? Same sex marriage bill becomes law in Canada. How do you like that? Oh my God. Horters will punish the federal conservatives if the party resurrects the gay marriage issue in the next election. Same sex advocates warrant is a bill legalizing gayness. The bill does be a marriage became law in Canada yesterday. How's it going, eh? You're fairy. Supreme Court of Canada chief justice Beverly McLaughlin gave the Queen's consent. Well, all the Queen's consent to bill C-38 yesterday making Canada only the fourth country in the world to legally allow same sex couples to wed. She was acting on behalf of Governor General Adrian Clarkson, who's recovering from surgery. And I have a Governor General here. She's like the Queen's representative. And obviously she's very concerned about the Queen's. Supreme Court judges are traditionally called upon to give royal ass central legislation if the Governor General was unavailable. Alice Munter, National Sportsman for the Group Canadian's Free School Merit said, passage in Lamex and proud to make Canadian feel pretty good about it, eh? And they do say that, by the way. That's not just a joke. That's not just something from, you know, I thought it was her tune. It's not. They say it. Good luck, eh? It's a good machine on, eh? I feel the homeless probably in the country that values all of its citizens and puts equality in human rights in a set of its law. He said that set of spelled C and T are E, of course. Conservatively, to steal and operate real full fledged card-garing Nazi is thought to bring the law or an amended version of it back to the House of Commons for another vote. Shoulders party form government. That would be a mistake, our views month. All of our political leaders need to show leadership. And leaders should be trying to bring people together. Not trying to find ways to drive people apart, which, of course, is the specialty of the day every day of the right wing. Both in Canada and the US and are around the world. Even its ordinance is since again, avoiding the scenes. I can't say that Victoria lines still closed. I'm a Swiss and city line, it's still closed and Northern line is still closed. Well, I'll draw you good. Okay, here's the thing. The least likely to do is, here's the poll. So far we've got two hundred and one votes. I have G-6, 220, 73%. Listen to sports talk. That was my vote, 28. But 9.3%. I'd rather have a go out on a date with Maddie Bell. Oh man, listen to sports. I'm serious. I just go out and date with Alistair Crain. Like Theresa. Oh, you don't watch passions. Would you get with it? Listen to sports talk, 28. Oh, and that's another one. You'll fit a poll. Watch it so far, bro. Okay. I see a lot of guys, especially out there, they think they don't realize that a lot of shows that they watch it. And I've been used to watch it night, but they're really at nighttime. So far, but I don't confuse them with the facts. The four times differently. I see. Listen to sports talk, 29. Eat sushi, 17. I will not eat anything. It's looking back at me. Read the well. Read the stories on heels website 10. Get laid eight. Vote Republican six. Join the military five. That's moving up fast to the east side. Play golf for. Pick up a dinner tab too. Remember voted twice. Don't call me anymore. Remember you're getting out my nerves. Put me on display on the phone. Oh, here's the, let's call Neil. Do you know people like that? I use it. You already told me your mother does that. I can't stand that. They said, you run to you. You're like a human prop. You're like a prop. Great wording used to do that to me all the time. We get in his car and go to the go to eat somewhere. And sure enough, I got to stop off and see my mother. Somebody, he didn't have to stop off anywhere. He's only going to do is I put me on display. So, here's Neil. Here's Neil. Take a look at him and weep. You know, if he can stand it. Smell him. He smells pretty good. Yeah. Perusum. Pick up a dinner tab too. Watch other people play sports too. Watch TV news too. Read a newspaper too and call the race track. We just put on there. There'll be plenty of believe me. WQAM hello. Yeah, I bought a go hunting world with 10 new jeans. Excellent choice. WQAM hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. The one thing I'll never do is bleed anything this president or his administration. Everything. Okay, I'll thank you very much for this. 4. 5. 6. 5. 5. 9. I mean, I understand what he's seeing, but it's just, you know, yeah. I don't know what the pool question is. They always want to bring it back to that scene. We got boat Republican under. Who's there? You're asking no. Don't be doing no mole. WQAM hello. Good morning. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I wanted to get on the air cock. You know. About one. I wanted to tell him how you admittedly had just to be with his comets this morning. I really wanted to get to the top of the phone. You didn't disagree with what comets. The comets that he's made about the under expected more and more and it all. How sure is it? With their presence in Iraq. I think that's a big part of it. You bet. Is it Neil now? Sure is. Neil, come on. And they were doing this to us all over the world. But we before. We were. Who's us? Who's us? The radical is Juan Menter. But we're not going to say something until two weeks ago. How many suicide bombings did they have in London? But you can't just say that what we're doing is causing them to do this. They have. I got it. It's not an honor. It's a fact that somebody well documented them. 80's hidden articles. If you'd read our website and stuff, just blow off steam and smoke. You'd understand it's a well documented. That the Iraq attack is served as a breeding ground and a breeding reason for terrorism. Okay, among young Muslims. I mean, does that a genus to figure that out? How many suicide bombings did they have there before we invaded? And among. Done. Zero. Oh, but it's a hotbed of terrorism. Must it be for the Iraq attack? No. Was that kind of interview for the Iraq attack? No. I mean, you can just continue confusing yourself with a facts pal, but it's just the way it is. It was supposed to be. It was supposed to be. What they've done is like, like, that philosopher said, stir the hornets this man. They've given them a reason to be the heinous like poison. More of the reason. Well, that's right. As a matter of fact, speaking of that greater racket attack, and I mentioned this on Tuesday, but it's a little bit more to it. Almost 25,000 Iraqi civilians have been killed during two years of war and the insurgency. More than a third of that is the result of action by Allied forces. The first detail that an authoritative study of non-combatant casualties claims that an average of 34 Iraqi civilians have done every day since the conflict began. And I've never just 34 now. Can you imagine if there were like bombings and shootings and all kinds of stuff going on in the around America, we did? There would cause a 34 people to be dead every single day in a sense of civilians. People would be screaming bloody murder. If somebody's got blood on their hands, and of course they do, but it's so as to tell him how to rack these. They were we didn't know care about it. It's quite a lot of weather. Wow. We got to explore democracy and freedoms on the Marblecraft. Well, they should have the attack. In fact, that's what they would say. Look at that documentary. We got on our website there. Bush's brain deal. They'll see the way we're treating the people. I'm very impressed with the made of military wind in that house with all those real veering people, you know, the little family, puddled in the cold. They're terrorizing people. Kick in the door and crash into the... The authors of the report published yesterday by a group called Iraq Body Council, the figure showed the country was descending into anarchy under the US occupation and called upon Britain and America to establish urgently a method of officially recording civilian casualties. Something they have so far refused to do because it's too den embarrassing. Professor John Slaboda, one of the reports authors said the figure of Western governments to recognize the lack of respect and not counting civilian casualties must be a contributing factor to Muslim disaffection and anger, which I just said through saying only moments ago. What comes to it is that it is new like you see a lot of things in your eyes. Who's real life is even? And so are I at the end of the course! I'm constantly expressed my respect with least particularly the class and class by information and I want to know what I want to know the truth. I want to see through a thing that the truth of that someone's administration has classified information. They will no longer be a part of this administration because that's not going to slide a stop to a certain thing anyone in this administration is responsible for the legal classified information. They will no longer work with this administration. What the same thing happened was here within a while. We'll be full of power supply news. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will perform along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will mix along just the other day. Children will sing along. Children will find along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along this day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. Children will sing along just the other day. This is not the guy in the past couple of years. The roots of this would be we had the roots are deep all right in your back Come to Q a.m. Hello I'd rather go to the army before I buy a dolphin's piece and take it I like that The thing I'm least likely to do is buy dolphin's season ticket. That's excellent. We'll poo it out there. I'll let's poo it right on here. Well that's better though, but that's our dolphins and as you are dolphins Look at that thing about to the brains them the shoes might get out and that's really good. Madam have it done Stick it into Jimmy Johnson one of the biggest colonies where we came down the pike. I kind of like traded lightly on that story when I was talking with Hank about it during the cross dress The thing there Because you know Hank used to do that coach show all the time so we like kind of like suck up to Jimmy Johnson all the time So I'm sure the two of them are pretty tight How many Q a.m. hello Hey Neil. Hey. How about first seeing women selling in hygiene products or putting down the feet in the bathroom or even what else? I'll take an ugly garbage I'm glad it's one answer covers all No, no. Nice try though. He was really reaching for it. Speaking of garbage everything five six seven five sixty I thought he was going to talk about wearing ladies undergarments or something like that which sounds like he's got some expertise. How many Q a.m. hello Neil. How are you? I thought you kicked out of it last night. I was listening to so Henry for a little while and he said listen at least I don't steal my bits from my best of cities bits that aren't even mine. Yeah So I just thought you get a kick out of it. He was talking about your touch. Well, what does that mean on our best of cities we never put any his bits on our best of cities? Well, I know that one comment that you don't give him a hand. I don't care. I'll give him a hand. Oh, yeah. Like I really care who cares about to. Are you sure? Go Henry. Okay. This is for it. Total cell out. In fact, I go to see sure how boring it must be in South Florida this time of the years. It's a pump that was listening to Phil Henry last night. That's boredom. Okay. But anyway, and hello Neil, I would never listen to going to the movie not up to date. Okay. Foreign. How many QAM? Hello. Hey. I'm happy to call. Yes, sir. Watch another movie with that fat ass bitch jail. Watch a jail movie. Okay, well, you got a lot of company with that. Okay. Right? Watch our jail movie. Okay. You as close Canada in time, Kranchey. Canadian business leader is fear major economic disruption of this country. This isn't getting stepped meaning Canada. The business in step with an American moved to a Sunday lightsaving time. They sure did that very quietly. You heard anything about it? Huh? Nope. See? Yes today the US court congress quietly adopted a provision to a Sting daylight hours by two months after a proponent's argued the scheme would help curb energy by Energy used by cutting back a minute for artificial lighting and evening. Under the legislation part of a sweeping energy package, Daylight saving time across most of the USA will now start on the first weekend in March and run through the last weekend in November. Daylight time as some of you know runs from April through October and Canada and the US. There is potential for a huge confusion here. We need to be vigilant to look at the range of implications at Lenkis Fino president and CEO of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce. The changes expected to take effect this fall with being clots and Canada and the US would be out of a sick in March and November causing scheduling headaches for travelers and TV viewers. And all kind of people and radio hosts. I just change the clock in here and that's all. And to Canada decide to follow Merckham, which you know, Demworldly will farmers and rural schools who are now already getting up in the dark with face even gloomier mornings, but as things now stand, the implications for business are serious because the economies of the two countries are so integrated. I got to know this for this one thing. I think we ought to have daylight time all year round. The whole concept of standard time is so Freaking stupid. Make up your mind and keep it there. Yeah, just a nice one. It's like that's the way you're not a clock in that. What's the luck about that? And so if the painting is kids had to go to school in dark to bad. Right. Tough. Or speaking of painting the kids in other child, the southern Orlando, this time at a water park. Or it seems to be an epidemic of that. Don't you like that little European ring on the phone back there. My thanks for sharing. Pardo, Pardo, PPPP. I'm waiting for Donald Sunder on the answer. But that was such a bad movie. That's what I was saying. Oh, yes. What a rendist. Well, you actually saw the parade I did. What was it called? Blood, uh, bloody, uh, I don't know. So, Johnny's on the band. And then the way, and that's how we decide on something you suspect to be a suicide bomb. The most crispy horse, of course. Very good. There's the abrid police man. They got that, uh, a man arrested a, It assumed to be a suicide bomber. And they're going to take that bomb and put it in his act of, and see what happens. A man followed a 15 year old Orlando boy into a bathroom with a water park, and sexually assaulting police said the team was showering it about 5 10 PM Wednesday in a bathroom at the Witten Wild Water Park. When a man in the 50s approached him with a giant minus it, nothing could be fired and molesting a minor. That's what the guy said. The man approached him in the shower stall. Are we enforcing to do sex acts, minus it? It wasn't known if the team in the man were alone in the bathroom at the time, minus it. The man wasn't caught. The boy reported the incident to his mother who alerted Park Security. A former middle school teacher allegedly followed a Trabby World British girl into a Orlando hotel at the Witten Wild Water Park, a local hotel at the Witten Wild Water Park, and sexually assaulting her on Monday, Carl Moore, a 36 of Kissimmee Please, with charged with attempted sexual battery, false imprisonment and eluded molestation. Thanks for the process of gathering the TV, and we're going to get a lot of friends in the TV. The slide is a very worrying development to get these credits of the tender. It's been a real fuck up. You're saying this is a schedule again. Because it's revised again. Why don't I know why we care about this? What is it? Why would he come to me? Well, I'm not a police officer. He's went around in that joint NNP role. He's been using up a lot of money in space, but just leave me stuff wasting my fast people with such cock-on man stuff. Yeah, and potent stuff that we got like, I'm telling you, look at that, Len, Len Martin's and Todd K. Let's do it. We got some of the most embarrassing stuff on the year of any radio station. Is this right about that? That's totally right. Oh, really. Can I go and Greg? Man, our management team is putting together a real block builder, a blockbuster. This way, until next Wednesday, when that book comes out, you'll be going, my, my, my. Look out now. Tell me to do it. Yeah, go to the race. Okay. Tell me to do it. Tell me to do it. Tell me to do it. Tell me to do it. Tell me to do it. Tell me to do it. Yes, man. Tell me to tell me. You are the bomb with the news. And I'm sorry. Is that the plan? Yeah. But, um, Did you know that every time, you're in a situation where something blows up or something else happens to do tracks from the truth? Yeah. All right. This is like a potato out from work and the BBC is now letting the network I watched my soap operas. And I just heard that I'm a business student. You did that or not, mess with guiding light today. I'm going to be really peoed. You can't let me on an absolute. I mean, you know, somebody's supposed to get ready today. So I'm really just going to glad you're on the air. And if that was just closed, head out of Bush's ass. Okay. Well, you're acting. Have a great day. What you said, all I heard was ass. Or so, we've come to a friend. Oh, kick, uh, yeah, somebody's ass. Two thousand three memorable made it clear that things I didn't really shouldn't be that evolved. This is from the right wing, Wastard Journal, no less. But wait till they find out this was in there. A classified state department member that may be pivotal to the C.A. Leakez made clear that information identifying an agent at a role that her husband and told him together, mission was sensitive and should not be shared according to a person from it with a document. A special prosecutor is investigating whether Bush administration officials broke the law, which we already know the answer, but intentionally outing a covert intelligence operative, investigators who prevented terminus the memo dated June 10, 2003, was how one house officials learned that gallery Wilson was an agent for the C.I.A. News that the memo was marked for its sensitivity emerged as prison and pushed yesterday appeared to backtrack from his 2004 pledge to far any member of a staff involved in the leaking of a C.I.A. as agent name and his news conference following that found the sloshes that his tough strategist Carl Roe had discussed in his Wilson C.I. employment to reporters. Mr. Bush adopted a different formulation, the specifying criminality as the standard far. In other words, if C.I.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A, if Carl Roe killed a least five people in cold blood, if we got his fingerprints on a weapon, then then maybe he might get fired. All of course he deserves a third trial. Right? A very long last thing. Exactly, for like a least, another three years, I'm like that. Come on, it's after 11 more little ago and don't get all panicky. Now, don't let the American network see each other. Look, step into a frenzy. The situation comes to control. See, there he goes. It's under control. It's a nice timing sweetheart. Everything's just a duckie. Everything is duckie. They got their sniffer hounds out. And the effect is just for a sniffer Tony Blair's. That's what we said. Something really stinks here. We know about these things that don't fit on the tube. When it's out of check it out, Tony, you quizzling, you, uh, you're fairie. 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQAM. For years, Armstrong Ford Holmes did his always treat everyone like family and they want to withstand it off for you to join their family. Ford is just announced their Ford family plan. And right now, Armstrong Ford Holmes said, you can buy a vehicle and employ this kind of prices. That's correct. Now through July 31, Armstrong Ford Holmes said gives you the single price in that every Ford motor company employing their families get. And not only do you get that employ family pricing, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program. And for a limited time within the new car purchase, you'll also get a color DB free. So what in the world are you waiting for? Pick up that phone right now. Call 305 24751-12. And ask for David Rich. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place in town. I bet your Greg Reads live on it. No bait and switch, no phony deals. And this fantastic offer is only available. And you can buy a Ford home set or they always treat you like family. Armstrong Ford is proud to be locally owned and operated by President General Manjudavid Rich says, bring your family to meet our family. Bring the customer's buses, what he said. Armstrong Ford Holmes said you won't want to sound for us to be with seven streets. It's 20 minutes after the eight 36 check them on the web at Armstrong Farz.com and then give David a call to 305 24751-12. He'll tell you all about the Ford family plan. Drive a little bit extra. Maybe just a few miles with Savior's self-thousands at Armstrong Ford of Holmes's name. How would it come to us for us to be the first to be a steward? Are you sure? I'm sure you'll find a safety. He's going to get a break of love. We're going to get a break of love. For a bit of an honor, just for the so-called appeal of his state. And he's calling out to you. And I'm calling you all. Armstrong's joy state is made for that reason. Since they've taken you up, that reason, this story, where James was born. He's overlooking that perfect in the way he's doing. He's going to get a break of a time. We're just still saying, boys, let's have fun on the road. Join us. You can't put them down, though, we'll go. I'm going to follow my magic with the trouble. And I'm going to follow the road. I'm going to play with the flower. I'm going to follow you. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I just got to play this again. Make me one. I'm going to put my magic in the past. I'm going to go round the road. I'm going to get a chance to run. Get a break, ye. Boy, do I make me lose my control. Do I lose my control? I better say do I. You can't use four holes or maybe maybe. No, no, no, no. But, what's going on? No, no, no, no, no. I'm going to play with the flower. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. Hard glory. Oh, no, no, no, no. Normally when our food grows hungry large separate iron. And then meat. Then hungry food grows mostly vegan, and then with poetry, meat and silk. Usually food gives meat. So meat you can stew it. Male and Male and Camey Curry set this囉. Can some people like this reeling. The Old business is threatening the Fight slaughter parts. 5 words 5 tongues, 그래서, but signs ofouver bidaccuerza tribal government do not know. One hour poll is talking about climate change體 change. In one day the people born before the coronavirus of protest are getting the involvement of politicians who oppose us no arrest for police,ค bright on the end of the world. Congress will definitely do without reported there is no cause and then%.� military operations in Iraq will have to be too embarrassing. Even as the he precises him on President Bush's handling of the war and question whether he has a well thought plan to eventually extract troops from southwest Asia. The question is there any doubt about it? No, never did never go. They're desperately trying to find a way out. Nearly half fully of the West is less safe from terrorist attack because of military actions in Iraq court. A lawyer survey of over a thousand adults conducted by the Scripps survey research center at Ohio University. 51% of the survey people said they disapproved the job he's done as president. Well 44% they approved and 5% were decided. They said, Bush, they went like, boy, who had it like that? But is approval as disapproval ranking? Rose to 54% when people ask us specifically way to handling of Iraq. That punk could call the four men. You talk about a mora and acquisely in India. You know they've been killing us all over the world. Yeah, right. So we need to step up the violence. That'll make us a good idea. Let's just give them all the schmoth to heads. That's what somebody like him would say. All right, hands. Well, I covers a lot of terrorists are I'm going to start like we did the pull a couple of wich to go about. Hig year. It's a content. It's not just a tribal war. It's a content among the Hig year crowd who's got to nifty his head year. And if they don't have our head year, they're going to downtake them out. That's what it's all about. You wrap it up. You haven't wrapping it. In tinfoil. Go for your put some tinfoil in the bottom and your flavor wave. So you don't have to clean up that glass. We call it. We do. We know. See good idea. If you're lazy like all of us. You hit 10 straight. Well, no, seriously, who wants to have to keep a worship on the bottom of that glass? You put a couple of late nice layers of tinfoil in there. And then after you can use it, you know, few times like that. So the rats start getting too big. It takes one layer. Yeah, one layer in yours because you're like a light cooker. He says to speak in a cooking french fry case. This new John Roberts from CBS news. I mean, he has, he'll be the ice cream court justice now through a place where a gay or Connor because the Republicans have got the numbers. And Democrats are a bunch of whims anyway. And that'll be, you'll see. It's just a matter of time. It's not a question of if it's a question of wind. Roe v Wade. Bye bye. You'll see. And they're going to be like putting abortion doctors in jail again. And they're going to be rounding up women. You abortion. You baby covers. You feed us. They're going to be doing it. Taking condiments. I hope that all the people that voted for this Nazi regime. I hope you're real proud of yourself. Now that we can't say crap on the year and that everything is censorship and invasion in your privacy. And the Supreme Court is going to take this gigantic turn way to the far right and a bunch of fundamentals. See, you know, one thing they are right about. And that is that the danger in the world today is religious fanatics. The only problem is they only single out one group. So right. If they're painted with a narrow right. All religious fanatics, including the ones in the USA, the ones that are running the country now, crazy people. Like that. Anyway, honest, the Supreme Court John Robert would be called on to deal with somebody loftiest issues or US jurisprudence. During his career in Washington, he said he worked on a case that hinge done one of the simplest of human actions, the eating of a single French fry. I mean, freedom fry. Last October, Robert spoke for the US Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia. In the case of the girl who was arrested at the age of 12 after she was seen popping a French fry into her mouth at a metro subway station. Robert's writing for himself into other judges, I'll tell the constitutionality of the October 23, 2000, the rise of anti-hedge death. I'll encounter with a Metro friends in police through national attention and was frequently condemned as an example of law enforcement access. That policy led her to being handcuffed and was later changed. While upholding the legality of the Metro police section, the man nominated the other day to fill the high court vacancy left by the retirementist Justice Sandraveo Connor show he didn't necessarily approve. No one is very happy about the events that led to this litigation, Robert's room is opinion. A club-year-old girl was arrested and served in handcuffedy. Rotor Schuelaces were moved and she was transported to the Wendellers' rear compartment of a police vehicle to a juvenile processing center where she was booked, fingerprinted and detained until her release to the custody of her mother some three hours later, all for eating a single French fry in a metro rail station. That's illegal, that right? The judge wrote that anti-was frightened and embarrassed and crying. However, Robert's role in pretending before him on an appeal from a district court ruling was simply whether Metro's policies violated her constitutional rights only fourth and fifth amendments. The quote of appeals he wrote concluded not. Neither anti-dore her mother Traci had translated in a Washington could be reached to comment on Robert's nomination. In the 2000 incident, Metro Transit Police Officer reported to the 10-lead town AU station on the red line as part of a week-long operation against students snacking and breaking other metro rules. You snackers out there, we're going to get this sniffer dogs out there to get you snackers and then the slackers. Oh, the slackers and the snackers. And of course, if Joyce were to understand that another one, but we would have been a bit or not. The station which is near a deal junior high school where anti-attended was the source of complaints from transit riders who said they were upset by teenage rowdiness. Anti-washeaded home from school where she was arrested. Police said at the time the DC law required that miners caught eating on metro or in stations we take it into custody. Metro is since modified as falseted admit written warnings in a warning for the juvenile insurance. You ain't a fried fry, you're going to jail. It's George Burgess America, okay? And here's John Roberts. Well, we're not too happy about this, but guess what, you're screwed. How do you like that? Loveless, America. Oh, you're just you wrong, you absolutely wrong. They're going to be any more of these airwriters. Just get ready, all you bricks out there. I get this smits thing and I'm about what's going to be going on with embrace. As matter of fact we will be here that much about these because they're going to become so routine. I'm afraid that it's going to be like, you know, just get used to it. Just like you guys keep sharpened as we all derived the bus over there, the tour bus. Just get what? Just get used to it and demand food to us. Oh, I just don't get the whole thing and you know something I just give up. I washed my hands of all those people. They pretty we were talking about before the show related professional ethnics. The professional religionists, the professional Jews and Cubans and blacks and whatever, fill in the black, whatever happens to be, you know? There are everything that's like our people against your people. We don't understand why all this kilns going on. But nevertheless we hate to like poison. And you ought to get rid of your heart. So we're in the martyred. You better get good with Jesus. So you're going to burn in hell. Get right with the Lord. Right. I wonder how Scott is doing out there. Maybe Scott will be mistaken from other space and tell us how this up there and wherever you went. 26 past 11 at 5.60. Every few and don't forget to mole myster. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Never entertain. But sell the illuminating. If you take any good night sleep last night, were you tossing and turning all night like Bobby Lewis or Robert Toulos? If you turn on that small kind of bed, well, it's time to step up to a new queen or king size bed from our good piezons at Dalamacros. When you call 1-800-Macros, you be choosing from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king size beds ready for same day delivery. And like always, you still get to choose the date and time when it's convenient for you and age where I window you pick 7 days away between 8 in the am, 10 pm like noon to 2, 115 at 315, etc. Dalamacros carries a complete line of the top names in the business ceiling. Sir, the Simmons keycruelsterians and fostered you it. There are everyday low prices and deep stock making your shopping of breeze. When you call that number, you'll be talking in the next verb, bed and consultant who listen to your needs and suggests this style and careful level as perfect for you. And that number of courses, Toulfree, 1-800-Macros. Just about all of us at QM Street, like a baby night after night on Dalamacros bed. You ought to be doing the same. Forget about slipping to those bedding departments. Go get him with golf just make that one easy call sitting there on your finance right now. Call 1-800-Macros or check him on the web at Macros.com. Dalamacros 1-800-MATT-R-E-S, leave off the last S because it stands for savings stupid. You study show that laughing for 15 minutes burns up to 40 calories. So join weight-lifers and laugh those extra pounds away. I've been laughing for 15 minutes a day for three weeks. And let's meet at 40 calories per day because at 840 calories so I lost a quarter of a pound. Wait rappers let you laugh the way the office your own pace. I just got fired so I'm not feeling very funny but wish rappers let me adjust my weight loss goals accordingly. Haha did you want to jump? I wanted to force it back. Share it. You can even get together with other dieters if we laughers meetings and laugh the way it off together. Join weight-lifers and laugh your big bad butt off. It's 1131-a-Q-M-G and C-brain has got an excellent choice for the pool. At least likely to worship a God other than of course. Hail God! Got that worship a God? Okay I like that cow God myself. Oh he also says I'd like to hear a book of Brian right. Hate way. For the two of you wait. Hate way. What's the red on you? Also waiting for the doys are back in town? Hate are. I'm making a list. This is the doys. This is the doys. Anyway, 2018's all new in a two-way and we got Mokam and Longa too. We got mad dog at four. We got Galilee at seven or five times. Everybody's going to be mad at around her videos like the old days man. Now there's something before she did all the so far to remember those days before the TV had gathered around her video at night. To get a good view. I had a big old up in my bedroom. I had a big old white like I like a floor model. Okay video, a full co. And he caught a m. Of course, in those days there was no FM. It was a m. Shortwave and I think there were two bands that sure were like radio, Moscow. So I thought that was your bag. Huh? Short and extra short? Right. Short and extra short. What you ought to be able to relate to that. And anyway, and you'd sit around and you'd listen to the radio. There was, that was it. Oh, how did you know about TV? That's a good question. I have no idea. There's a whole different life. I've already outhouse Kyle. We've had several stories about him. Gary Moody. Right? From Conway New Hampshire. Well, the man police discovered no woman's outhouse tank last month. As he was searching for his wedding ring. Oh. Gary Moody 45. Maybe he was looking for a ring around the back door. Gary Moody 45, Gardner mean. Between the innocent Monday, the trespassing and disorderly conduct from the incident at a rest-off off, they came Kangamus Highway. Oh, Kang. Kang. Kang. A man, magus. At Moody was arrested after a girl under the rest room in Saham and the raw sewage tank. In court documents, the arresting officer reported Moody told him he was doing nothing wrong. He told me he was changing clothes when he dropped his wedding ring into the toilet. Colonel, he shares Captain John Herbert wrote. I hate when that happens. He said the ring was very valuable. Then why don't we turn home without it? The officer reported Moody said he dropped into the tank through a toilet opening to search for the ring and hid out of embarrassment when somebody came into the outhouse. Police said, Queen, the sewage said they found no rings. Not even around that girl's act of him was sitting on his... Well, how do you say it tactfully? You don't. Okay. But his button works. Oh, wait to hear this. Extract Panthers want to sell hot sauce. In fact, the Florida Panthers probably have better luck selling hot sauce than season figures. It'll vary Jack as you sit here quizzling and he writes like I said to the Humper. Oh, the Panthers sold 100 season tickets the first three days after the... Well, listen if they only sell like 10,000 more to where you have it made. Hundred season tickets my ass berry. Very wouldn't know. A hockey puck from a Linda's vagal. Queen season cinnamon sounds good to me. There, and then you don't even know what to do. Like, uh... Oh, shall we do? Absolutely. Oh, I'll show you. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, man. You had a tight time right? Yeah, that's jujoo food, man. That's great. Timmy Dean, you probably do. Former Black Panthers are hoping that the phrase, Burn, baby, burn. Oh, God, I wish I had that disco in front of me. Oh, yeah, I got it here somewhere. I got this. I got this. But I don't have disco in front of me. Anyway, former Black Panthers are hoping that the phrase, Burn, baby, burn will help their nonprofit organization market a new product. Hot sauce. The Humpee Newton Foundation name for the co-founder of the 60s Millengroupe is seeking, I wonder, they came to Wayne Newton, you think? Yep. It's seeking a trademark to phrase that for many brings to mind the racially charged 65 wants right in LA that look more than 30 people on Thursday, dead, at least a thousand will didn't hundreds of buildings in ashes. The new line of hot sauce called Burn, baby, burn, a face to the 60s revolutionary hot sauce is aimed at anyone who wants to have an extra savory boost to their food, executive director, original Black Panthers David Higriotson interview. It's called Burn, baby, burn, a face to the 60s revolutionary hot sauce. What a name. The hot sauce is another way to raise money and bring attention to the Kiwi Newton Foundation, who you'd said, we're trying to turn the tide of violence and educate young people through our work. The foundation's hot sauce plans were first reported by the smoking gun website that post court documents involving celebrities. The foundation also plans to produce a tone saucer as well as a clothing line called Spirit of the 60s. Can you have said the group post is started selling me? I'm going to come up with a clothing line called the Spirit of the 90s. That's the gay gay night. Hey, you said the group post is started selling me. Isn't that what you got to be talking about? All the time. So the group post is started selling the spicy kind of related to the Civic member at the 40th anniversary of the 1960s expounding of the Black Panther Party. See, next time is right over the level of the same before, you know? The Black Panthers, the White Panthers, and all the other crap, the Florida Panthers, all the bunch of crap. Oh, this one's burn on my favorite. I could play the version by a fidget hit. Yeah, I don't want to hear a fidget hit. I don't want to hear a fidget hit. I'd rather hear about 30 minutes. 30 cents. You can hear it. Whether it's on the rest of the evening, so it's a tip. 30 cents. It'd read the weather cast. Yeah, a lost dog. I don't want to hear the right way. If we wanted to do a long talk of it, we'd always can fall back on. Hey, wait. Oh, oh, okay, so I better not play that hankle to have the Henry Burrell back on. At 22 months old, Jabriona Terry is a Terry, is a little young to have her own phone, but her mother has discovered her daughter's name, listed in the phone book, and soon realized the McCrainson used the girls social security number to set up the phone service. Now, let me ask you a question. I mean, I may be a little bit slow, but you got two kids. Okay. Uh, how tried your muscles not even two years old? Violet a two year old had a social security number. Well, it used to be like I got my one on this 14 or something. They can be a witness to the working. Right, right, right, right, right. And now you get one shortly after birth. Really, really. Did you say after birth? I did. For a little bit. It wasn't the first time the girls been victimized by identity theft or mother said someone else using her name and social security number listed her on his tax return, claiming her as a dependent of the get-a-large tax refund. La Chanda Terry, oh, gee, La Chanda, and her daughter's name is Jabriona. La Chanda, it's a regular Chanda at her house. Once charges filed against the personally used to her daughter's identity to get a phone, but police had significant to do. There's nothing unusual about what happened to La Chanda and Jabriona, fully say. We get those by the thousands said Carl Niblic, a deputy chief of the four-way Indian Police Department. Ever been in four-way? Don't. Yep. Until companies are especially up, what are you, totally, companies especially pop it away to use somebody else's identity, you tell these. People get somebody else's name, birthday social security number, turn on telephoto's electricity or gas service, and then they just never pay the bills. When the targets turned off, they get a new name and number, get new service, often a new home fully said. Social security numbers have become a form of currency. Sometimes, everybody's good as a fistful of cash to buy drugs, Niblic said, the drug dealer can sell the name and number, or use it himself from for anything from utility service to credit cards. Another reason Terry's got to be sponsors, that technically she and her daughter are not victims of fraud, because there was no financial loss Niblic said. I do like his corn, though, those Niblics. Oh, yeah, they don't. Nobody has suffered financial losses, so unless it files charges nothing. How do you like that? Social security numbers when you're born? Yeah, shortly, afterwards. That's a new one, I mean, how long have they, how many years they've been doing that? About 10 years, and I was a little out of touch on social security. Do you guys still have my original social security card? How about that? Holy, that's going to be about 100 years old. Still got it. It's kind of like a little on the warn, a little freight around here. Yes. You know, I haven't even, I haven't even put in, you know, see most people taking they could like an all-erian, valuable stuff like in plastic, you know, the hastal hembos places where you go and you can learn. You have a little plasticated. Yeah, if you're a little spastic, rapid and plastic, and the social security card, too. And you driver's license. Now, let me ask you this, and we've got to change in our driver's license, because the next year, my think comes up for renewal in my license, too. No, no, no. Are you still going to be able to do it? In other words, how many years can we continue? We knew we could have a line. 110 and we're like six feet under the ground. You can still do that. Maybe I can use my mother's driver's license, huh? She's not using it. There you go. People, people here, they just look at your license, and they're amazed when you say the exploration data is on the back of you. We knew we would see that little blue stick on the sticker. And they say, this is how they may ask you. If you could be deaf dumb and blind have quadruple empathy, and it's still going to be new in the mail if you go on the internet. And they say, holy crap. The thing I am least likely to do, that's our pull question today. I'll tell you one thing, boy, everybody is, this is definitely the time, I guess, between our Labor Day, because you can see it on our website. I mean, it's just the last yesterday and today, and man, maybe audience, the software is vanished. Now, please don't tell me there was a lot of traffic coming to work this morning. No, that mean regular. There's nobody around. They're all gone. The time is either that or we're just out of business, one of the other. Could be a little both. The thing I'm least likely to do is have G6 279, 64.4%. Out of how many votes so far? 433. We can make 700 a drive. We can make 600. Right? Probably not. 600? Yeah, we might be able to pull 600. Okay. We'll try. We'll pull that hard. Have G6 279 speaking bad. Labor Republican 32. Listen, a sports dog. I'm 30. 30. Who'd have a one do that? That's crazy. 32526. Eat sushi 21. Read the stories on the other side. 10. Now, you're probably thinking those are lazy people or people just want to see naked pictures. People just want to see naked pictures are gone already. Those are people don't like my politics. That's right. That's what I was going to say. Either one to be bothered with the truth. Get laid. 5 off in season. 6. 5. 5. Worship a gun. 3. Other than of course. Watch your J-Lo movie 2. Watch your soap opera 2. Pick up a dinner tab 2. Watch other people play sports 2. Watch TV news 2. Read a newspaper 2. Go to the right track 1. 20. I'll allow Australia to learn as much as it possibly could from some of the incidents. If you're planning on writing in the, I mean, London Jew, but forget about it today. They closed the shit the whole thing down. What if it means under control? It just bound us to Kenya's man. Little bit of teeny tiny. Oh, wait, that was too long. 10. A little lower, please. Kind of like. Like that. And that were like okay. No. No. And not that one. 17 to noon at 5. 60 W to Q. M. The more man. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. It's so hard. It's so in line. So I'm informative, but always. If you find yourself looking in the mirror speaking of the moment, and you see a big hardly shiny ball spot. Here's the answer for it. A lot of alternatives. It's amazing out there. How many different people are trying to set you some gimmick to get your hair back. The real deal, if you want to get his Chuck Alphi or his natural hairline system. There's not a better look in face than the universe, and of course the price is right too. Don't forget the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline, and Charlie's new skinlight care system is 100% unfun, detectable. It's like we all heard growing on your scale. Charlie's work is guaranteed. You have nothing to lose for that ball spot. You try Charlie's system for a month for about, you know how many days. Not purged a man. And after a month, if you don't love the way Wilson feels and smells, if people aren't pying and clong at every party of your body, return it for a full refund. Make that call today. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the new hardware show and Charlie will give you a summer special $200 QA in discount, out there, bigger $800 price of the best in the universe, natural hairline system. And there's absolutely no obligation. Charlie has set up an appointment for you. Go in there. And I'll sit you down and show you what you can look like, how much better and younger than you look right now. Call that tool free number. Let Charlie get your hair back for you. 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413. Run the web. It's Charles Alphiere.com. Let come, so it's a series. It's new, but you're not just 18. Who's pretty old five six eight? Or get Denzy with his stars. ABC has a new reality show that men might actually enjoy. It's fishing with the stars. Also, Liberty fishing, Germany with a star set of cash. Like a carefully award-winning elder, Clint Eastwood. Jake might be far-hardest fishing man in show business. James Brown. He's a handsome man. I've got a brand new little bass. And a man who's always fishing for laughs. Jerry, say, Phil. Well, you know why fish are so thin, don't you? He fish. Your wife may be simpler than city dancing shows. Now, you can return the paper with fishing with the stars. You can ask yourself one question. Do I feel lucky? Well, two years. Pike. If one forty seven, he said, they're less of the pen out with a cane. Oh, okay. Oh, he's over-assimantic. Here's the latest on that thing, where they've got a shoe. London Blast caused chaos on cue. The BBC headline, first we could put for the audio line. For us, every alert that the race may be identical. More of a difference. It's a bit of a... I've been amazing these surprise for the service system of London. I've seen it in the last few weeks. I don't sense that this is pretty good enough. It's at any difference. Well, I didn't tend to be a little bit scoggy anyways. Probably that diet, man. You can't complain about their cuisine because they haven't done any. It was bloody brutes. The cue has been plunged into chaos in several stations evacuated after minor blasts on two trains in a bus. Met police chiefs for EM Blair said three cue lines were suspended, but was time lot of a return in normal. He said the minor explosions as to which after the blast bill, 50 search people involved detonators only a BBC report said there was only one injury. Police sources say the blast may have been near simultaneous, and that there'd be link with these 7 July bombs. But he thought all those bombers were suicide bombers would go from them. So maybe there's like a whole bunch of them like maybe thousands. Gee. They say a number of fugitives are being saw two people have been arrested in White Hall. I wouldn't say to her bangs and saw a band in Rocksacks. What is a Rocksack? It's like a backpack but rookie here. I see. At the site said the incidents at Warren Street and oval stations. As well as the number 26 bus at Beth Nell Green. There was an attempt at cosmic explosions and checkers, Bush Hammersmith and C-line police said, and Warren Street and oval men were seen running away from the scene. On the bus that we know injuries and the bus suffered no structural damage. It's really interesting because before they were talking about the bus driver which being advanced because the windows in the upper deck all got blown off. But they don't want to say that now. Largerious of all four stars in the world. Largerious of all four sites were caught in off. One person was injured at Warren Street. They were approached the injured person and had been holding a rock sack containing the detonator. It was always not a good idea. Sir Ian appeal for witnesses with mobile phone pictures of any of the Depends to send them to police.uk. And he said it was time to get London moving on again. Prime Minister Tony Blair said we can't minimize incidents such as this because they obviously have been serious in the four different places as we know. Got to get an apartment in a particular tree. And then you sell for a few districts. No, no, no, no. I don't know, this was really happened. I mean, what's happening? What is the land they're picking man? Spittingways already? What are you pleased? Like, God. Look at that, the invented language. What can they speak it? Not a chance. All right. You know what, brother? Kind of true London's spirit actually coming out there. Here in the studios, the security from the south of Dr. for the South and Dr. Sally Lee's need to talk about that. We've heard the time minutes to say, right, get back to normal. We must not be left. These are lies, be distressed. I'm not putting this on here. Does anybody care about this? No, I'm not. We'll care about stuff that's going on around right now because it sounds funny because we can make fun of them. And is there a bit of a sudden, by the way, the brist can be this mist, bunch of twists. Well speaking of speaking, ladies, wait to hear this story of this. This is going to change your whole altitude. I think it may be a little bit too late for you. Now let me ask you, is Sabrina back from Japan? Yeah, she has been for about a month now. I see. Now did she learn any Japanese? She learned all of it. She created it and write it fluently. She could write it. Write Japanese as fast as she can write English. That is shung out and something to watch. When you see when you're young, you have the ability to learn things like that. When you hear how you all feel like, like, does too late for us? And unlike European countries, you know, where everybody speaks English? Yeah, nobody spoke it over there. So she just had to speak Japanese, these are all right. So that's right. I've known you leave out a big caveat. Yes. Latin Americans are flocking the Chinese language classes to take advantage of going economic ties between Beijing and the region. But you're right. And this flocking the Chinese language classes. How do you like that? That ought to be something. God, I'll make it when the people in date County learn English and right after that they can start working on their Chinese. The 14 Peruvians learn to speak Chinese are used to spelling Spanish words exactly as they're pronounced. So they struggle in class recently. They studied a character and tried to pronounce a PQ beer. Our teacher tells us we have to think like we're in the cave or we're reading how we're good. He said Marker we have to remember as a student in San Marcos University. There are so many characters. Oh yeah, those Japanese tend to be a hearts of characters, you know? And the Italians too. What a bunch of characters. The pronunciation is so different, especially the CH which is a nightmare. This is particularly what the dentist is. Huh? Right. You're going to be got out your instrument. Potentially saying an out in the house. Once considered to have a call to virtually useless by many Latin Americans, Chinese is quickly becoming the second language of choice. Well, I see another with Spanish version in Chinese. What about English now? Hey. But our only number of people in the region is Beijing's economic room has dramatically increased rate investments with the most famous speaking continent. Three to five times more lines are studying Chinese today compared to five years ago, according to an unscientific survey conducted by the Anxious Mami Heroine Six countries. It's the language of the future. All of that's bad news for us. I mean, because I got news for it. Wow. I mean, just looking at those symbols of the, and how long does it take like to write a letter? To be able to wonder that? Well, I not anymore. No, because each symbol is like so to me, it looks very complicated exactly. I'm told they're not. You're not one complicated. No, but it's certainly a lot. It's got to take a lot more time to write like a paragraph in an an English. You think until you actually watch the right to down. They just really whip it up. It's like that. It's a life of the picture for commercial and industrial transactions and for foreign trades at Zalmau Wong, the administrative who decided to begin offering Chinese its end mark. We're sending 10 years, China will be a world power. This will mean economic development for Peru. I see this is in Peru. Not a day passes in Latin America without news of a major Chinese investment in the region. A visit by high ranking Chinese government or trade official or trip by a Latin American official of China. For me, in present, Alejandro Toledo, just returned from China. Other Latin American prisons who preceded Toledo include Colombia's Alvaro Urebe, Argentina's Nestor of Curfsner, and Brazil's Luis Inacio Luis Lula de Silva, what ever is named it? In last year, Chinese prison, Hujin Powell made it 12 day visit to Brazil, Argentina, Chilean Cuban, Santa Rearman, and some of my legal investments. Of at least 30. Not $10 million. Okay, let's see, I speak the language for sure. You've written, right? Right. That series talking money for there, Vian. Okay, let's get a bunch of calls on here. What are you saying? I feel so even though I got a pretty good pile of things. Huh? 5605601. Do a Toronto call. 5605601. Let that stop you. 560. Okay, let's take line one. Now we're more start to happen to me. No, that's good. All right, great call, great call. It's been like a total number one. Here's number six. WQAN. WQAN. WQAN. Hello. WQAN. Hello. WAN. Hey, New York. How are you doing? Okay. Yeah, everybody should speak English in this country. Yeah. Yeah. I was a, I'm a radio junkie and there's a sporting, I heard your buddy Al Golding. Yeah. He was on the, uh, I'm far to say to show you rental show. Yeah. He was, I'm going to go in. I think I know what you're trying to tell us, sir. I have no right. Yeah, we got the message. Wow. Like I said, the lifeless, the dead of the lifeless, the door was left in San Florida this time. You're, I think, from like about July, uh, 20th, until about after Labor Day. So I'm thinking, you know, for going vacation pretty soon. It's not a real, but I do it to me. WQAN. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, I'm getting out of the dock. One day, I'm out of my hand and I'm going to wash you. I said, I hate this county. WQAN. WQAN. WQAN. Oh, I see. Do you want to bad accident? WQAN. Hello. QAM. But I'm not, not only are they bad, but they're like, uh, oh, man, retarder slow, really slow. WQAN. Last call. Hello. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hey, me. Uh, Mitch. Hello. Yeah. It's true, like you noticed the virus, the only attraction, our white country. Although white countries, yeah, I see about their own country. What did this call before? Yeah, did it. Yeah. It's a 157, three minutes to lunar QM man. I've said one thing. You can't complain about your calls because they are an illegal their own. Remember that movie, a legal it's own? Yeah. So, they are the best. Well, listen, that's the way it is when you're like, you know, left out of the human race, when you're left into behind. Here's a facts from Aaron who says, sorry if this is a repeat. Uh, affordable man 76 allegedly sells cracks. Jacksonville, a 76 year old woman arrested for allegedly selling crack cocaine by putting the drugs in their purse and lowering them by rope from her second floor window. She must be from Amsterdam speaking of drugs. That's how they lower things from the upper floors on a rope. Do that. You do that. They do because they, you can't get up things that like a TV sent. You can't get up to stairways to the movies. We have the role houses, you know, a real narrow stairwell. I said they like lower your TV with a rope and you just hope it all fall off. Andy. The woman was arrested back a week and charges the possession and sale of a controlled substance. Three and a 10 grand bail. The suspect was by no reference of previous arrest injection bills accused of selling. $20 worth of crack and a police sting. Police say they found a gun ammunition in many perladi columns of the house as well as a person's headstreet rope. This is your video. I like that. A rash is a smoking little rope. It's $15.7560WQA. If you're looking for a high-speed internet service, you want one that's fast, reliable, easy to use. In short, you want to vest. You want the number one high-speed internet service provider in America. Comcast, high-speed internet. It's 100% your broadband network blows away the competition. With speed up to 15 times faster than DSL light. You can download music, photos, streaming video online games, fast, or whatever before. Simply put, Comcast, high-speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around. It was features like the fan, video email, security manager, and radio plus. It's even more intense than ever before. And right now, you need yourself Comcast, high-speed internet for just 9.95 a month for the first two months. So, call 1-800-COMCAST and get the number one high-speed internet service in the country today. Certain restrictions apply call for details, toll-free, 1-800-COMCAST. 30-top range, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to think for the new Rogers-121 hour. All right, one doesn't know anything, YOU FARE IT. It's here, man. The time's allergy took you so These are crazy, man. He's known man. He's open on the couch, the news. It's on Charlie's crew. Relax. And take a couple's hair, then it's time to come. Shoulder. You try to have the bag, then you turn on the switch and then up. You can see the gas on the crew. You can see the two gas on the crew. You can see the three little gas on the crew. You can see the two. You can see the two gas on the crew. Oh, it's clear that I got a great strike. I'm in out of my sponge bars. Oh, I beg it. I beg your pardon. Do fairy. Before that, remember to stir me head about the French fry and judge Roberts on all the Other stuff. Here's another little 11 year old criminal. Friends, no police defended their rest of 11 year old girl on a felony assault charge for throwing a rock at a neighborhood boy who'd cut it with a water balloon. The department on Tuesday also released more details. Color photos and a testimonial from Fresno is mayor. The incident's been distorted and misrepresented in mayor Alan Ottree, Sidness Dayman. Never seen Ottree as your hope not. In Fresno, we love our children so much to treat them this way. And we just a childhood dispute when in fact the consequences could have been tragic. Police had an associate of press door last week. She had a mention that the rock was jagged and weighed two pounds. And the gas at the boys had was deep. Police also said the girl physically resisted while being handcuffed and put it in a patrol car. Scratching officers arm the scratches were documented in two police photos. It's unfortunate that the associate of press release one side of information containing numerous inaccuracies present in police duty dire assignment. The simple fact is that we have 11 year old girl who's struck a boy in the head with a jagged edge two pound river rock that required him to have stitches. That is a felony assault with a deadly weapon and we're very fortunate that the act didn't cause more than a serious injury even death cause a morse or whatever it is. The story is important over the course of two days last week while the AP saw to tell from police. Ultimately, a spokesman said simply that officers had responded appropriately and denied that racism and anything due with it despite these suspicions of the girls lawyer. Here's another racial thing. I said, you know this. Now you see these pictures of this guy they got laying down on the sidewalk there and London you see that? They keep showing that over and over and he is laying there. Nobody's paying any attention when they're all like walking in the other direction. Well, what's that all about it? Maybe that's a transient. No, he's taking a bite tied up on a sidewalk. Oh, I don't know. I guess they forget he wasn't going to get away. The story said, can I understand that it's a healthy situation for a police but the story was accurately reported and we made substantial efforts to get fair comment from everyone involved in John race, AP's bureau of C for Northern California. The AP's story was based on the police important interviews with Mirabel Quiva, a surname that returning Richard Bishwaday Jr. was suggested that the arresting officers in building the community would be the family in their native languages, Spanish and HMO and G. How long? Okay. What is that? Maybe it's been effective, what do you call it? No, for action, I'm going to police. What is HMO? I don't know, Chinese for a month. Something. The police reports that the boy knows throwing the water balloon was released from the hospital after getting stitches and it's forehead, but the boys family couldn't be reach for common. They've moved away and need the neighbors really. HMO and community leaders were worried they were about. Paris said that police also don't know where the vang family is. Where's the vang family? I don't know, I don't know. How long have you got? How long have you got? Oh, okay. Here you go. This is the one I was talking about. Fort Gabriel. It's unlikely that SpongeBob Squarepants, Kermit DeFran and Barney will find a home in Broward County schools. What? Superintendent Frank Tulsa that he sees no need for a diversity video that includes the children's characters even after the anti-diformationally and gay and lesbian groups complained. We already have lessons about diversity in our curriculum, so, since after school board meeting, I don't see where the video fits with what we've already got. The school district was one of only a handful that rejected the, we are family video, which the 80 of the student across the country this year, the Howard's Diversity Committee turned it down after members' word that it would teach kids to be friendly to strangers. Well, that must be the straightest Mr. Ego was involved in, right? That is correct. For me, a perversity committee, at least one committee member said they thought the video would encourage kids to review whether they were being raised by same-sex couples. But we should have won here about that. Oh, no, not that. Yes. Come to Canada. 567, Ohio City, town 560, only Verizon and Singular Wight of Slime. Because it has been so many good and many, you know, can we have Congress remover this work in crap? Well, let's take a whole bunch of things to be between now and two of them. Or we can just put that new moment about 50 times. I am so smitten with that, but now, make me want to do it. We want to do it. Oh, I'm going to do it. Oh, here. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, is that? All right. I was going to park store the day to get a part and the guy was going to follow. And he was kind of aggravated. He told me, God, they come one to the box just like a dead man. Yeah. I see. WC, you weigh in, hello. I'm going to mail. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Three. Let me start by saying that my comment will be a little week, but then again after. Hey, I'm going to start by a bishop up on thinking. Well, I'm going to ramble a little stay with me. Yeah. I've always, I want to touch on. First, you know, I've been reading, I think you touched on this a while back. Maybe a couple articles over the last few, you know, six months or two, we're really good. And I can't believe I'm saying that. He's at a rim by type of a copy. And the last one dealt with the topic of suicide terrorism. Yeah. And he was quoting this guy who was like an expert on a rotor book. And the guy stated, it's facts. That's from 1980. So I don't want to go before 80. He's, I don't know if that would be correct. But from 1980 to the time that we invaded Iraq, which is what March 2003 is that correct? Yes. Now one suicide bomber is one. And that's fact. So. And the one suicide bomber, we're in Iraq. And Iraq. I see. Okay. Yeah, of course. So it was, among, you know, maybe not a paradise, I still believe. But it was pretty stable from the purchase of the rest of that region. And so we done it, of course. Right. And, oh, another thing I want to touch on. This is a Gilbert. You know who I'm talking about, right? The Waves. Yeah. I have. I met him one time and he came came. Okay. He knew I didn't meet him. By saw him there and I restarted the voice and we wrecked it. And I go this. Yeah. I'm like that. So a couple years went past. And I living in Cando, we sent out your somebody with Cando. I was up in Hammond's Boulevard up there like on 154. There's like a a jiffy loop place. Like a quick loop place. And I see Gilbert there. And then he was talking to some guy and he gets in the car and he drives away. And I'm like, this is driving. Oh, absolutely. He drives me crazy. But he's not normal. He can look at him and go, he's not normal. Well, what is normal? I've been bored. He's not feeling believe in it. But we can clean about the drivers. Now, wait a minute. You drive in South Florida. You tell me that only normal people are alive. And drive. We've got a lot of them drive around a little bit. But, they're going to hit the highway. They're going to hurt you highway. Gilbert's average man. Gilbert is, um, I don't know. Okay. Just because you got those coke bottle glasses and keeps calling up and seeing all kinds of road test things and stuff we can repeat on the air. Oh, yeah. And crawls into the corner of the cries if you don't pay attention to them. It's just one of those things. You know, Gilbert. Come on. That's your work for Rick Riley very well. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and I've been in tune for good. And time for 60 of the singular drivers line. How's Alex seeing him like? No. No, didn't we find out that he's on scare is an air American. No, he's on serious. Yeah, what are those? Norma Cantel. I did that when he went to New York to have that fruitless meeting up there with Jeremy Coleman that they showed them the studios. He gave him the grand tour. That was before Stern got all pissed off with the Beesley. And anyway, there was Alex Bennett sitting in the studio and then I went and he told me to do I take you out here right now. And kick out. Yeah. Kick the camera. Yeah. Keep this. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah. Gilbert, Spirey for today. That's the best you guys can do. WQM, hello. Gilbert reminds you of the late kill seagulls. Kill you. Oh, no. No. A bachelor's, a bachelor's, a bachelor's. You know what I mean? This is like a trip into the muscle Liam today. This is unbelievable. Bloody. I didn't see. I went to... I didn't see. I went to, I went to... Come on, what's house? Holy moly. Wow. This is just a... All the redex. All the... the symptom crad. I sure hope that guy is looking for his rain. Don't find these people. This is the best. Let's get a whole bunch of these out between now and 2 o'clock. This is our bread and butter baby. We'll get that response on the website. I have like 50,000 of people under it. They're not. The world's managing their bits. I know. So the thing I'm least likely to do, we got 490. I think your right trash will have it's have something in the next 600 days. It'll be close. Wow. Have Gasex 305, aha 62% say no way. Look, we're probably in 42. Listen to sports talk 33. Do you want a military 31? No, do it. Each sushi 22 get laid 11. Worship of God 10. Read the stories on the old's website 10. My golf in season ticket 7. Play golf. Five. Watch the jail. We'll be three. Watch the soap opera two. Pick up a dinner ten two. Watch other people by sports two. Watch TV news two. Read a newspaper two. Go to the racetrack. Solomon, take Uno. Problem on a Sanctanino and if I see this like an out of body experience today for me, this is really something special. You know it? Yes, because you get that feeling special. I'm feeling something. Yeah. I got like a question. My back home. Good live credit. Ask you this question. Do you know what's on your credit report? If not remember this number 866. 625.0444. It's the fact that 80% of credit reports contain mistakes that affect your credit score. And we all know the problems that come with a vanquited score. If you ever try to contest an ear that appears on your credit report, you know what a pain that can be. Good live credit is here to correct those mistakes. Good live credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you. And there are no setup fees. Good live credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus. The right delivers a discrepancies in straight and out any inaccuracies. So all that's somebody else's mistake caught you a high-quitted score before you visit the dealership or call the wheeler do yourself a big favor and call good live credit. And right now the first 10 cars will get a 10% discount just be sure in some of that meal for you to call 866. 625.0444. That's 1.866.625.04444. Around the web it's good live credit dot com. What a contest score. The score for you by 60. Oh the craft you can unwrap all the slime all the time. I never said go. i I'm going to the door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door I'm sorry, I didn't know I didn't know it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door, it was going to near you never said it over the door, it was going to not even go into the door, it was just because of the door. We took the door, hijacked the door, don't hit me, mom, dad, we took a horse, we drove the horse, call me fried rice, sock my head, this drive my dad's not going to beotype, it was going to go into the door, it was going to go into the door,ie, me, I love to play meat, it was going to notす although it was a bad thing for me. We thought you were making myself an old man who went into the beginning of college, it was so hard renowned, it's a weird puzzle, but we still got a real time of conflict through it because you think I'd like to pull around like this No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, whatever, whatever,哎, you, you, you, by theΕΛ! Bugh! It's probably a doggoy medley. That was good. Nothing better. That's the spice of my day. Don't forget to do a man himself who finally took off that dolly that he used to Where to send. Well, how are they going to do it? To do. Mad Dog before then we got the guilty of seven who I'm sure He gave me a big gift preview of the hockey scene. Let's get some hockey talk on the year and on our Remember, what are you saying? It was a good one. You know how to go on the future. Hopefully this will be good for tomorrow and Marketeen and everybody. Yeah, the small market teams that have no business existing for you. I was basically wearing opportunities though as they have. There you go. That's funny. That's more than enough. I'm going to go back to the BBC and see what the BBC is doing with his London bombing this morning. I'm going to be being updated at that point. So the decision was made that he would break that lunch. A meeting of co-brew was summoned for two thirty. That meeting went on for about 20 minutes. And then off to that he had the premise to have a conversation with He had many a followed by a very good ball movement. Thank God for that. I'm going to have a opportunity to play. Orange. Now you know like the national color of Holland is orange. Maybe I've noticed that when you see the dust plane like soccer and stuff like that, yes I did that. Okay. Not in Israel though. Orange may be one of summer's hot colors, but in Israel it now sends such a strong political message that some Israeli fashion labels are considering pulling orange merchandise off their shelves. If you got an orange your alchemist maybe you better did say you better Schmidt can it. When a dot toss it out. Opponents to Israel's time August would be off from the Gaza Strip and Fort West Spring bank settlements. If frozen orange is their color, tying orange ribbons to their cars, dining orange t-shirts, and wearing orange head scars. Or in Chicago. In other words, schmothers. I'm bigger pardon. I said orange you glad to do that. Although opponents state were a bright almost fast-porescent tone where when any shade of orange be a pumpkin or saucy tangerine has become fashion faux pas of sorts. Security guards in Israel as Israel's parliament confiscated the orange scarves of a visiting delegation of Indian lawmakers in May. And a problem that we assist was forced to move orange dye from his here before entering the commissive. What is happening is that a large majority of customers are not buying orange, said the rate of ramivots, post-natal for the comment you'll fall fashion label. It is sending out other shelves that we're considering. I feel like Tom Jickam, don't know that. It's sitting on the shelves and we're considering at least of the time being not manufacturing orange. The settlers chose a good color says yellow and t-morning marketing luxury at the purchasely of Indian disciplinary center because we search the effect of color on consumers. Pastel colors would have set a warm accepting message whereas bright color such as red yellow and orange single opposition. And a shade chosen by a pull out of potentens of clear message of look, listen and respond to me, Timor said, okay, we look, we listen, respond to me, to a settler we just said they chose orange to represent the resistance because it's traditionally in the color of bush cutif the major gas establishment block of what you're real far busy. My abitton the manager of the Yalduti children's clothing store in sublimate neighborhood said about twenty percent of our customers have refused to buy orange this summer because of its length to gas them withdrawal. Others make the association but she persuades them to buy orange. Orange is very fashionable summer in war but it's become an issue she said noted that people is even even raised eyebrows that destroyed orange packaging. Color commercial crazy people, the name is just anything that's similar to this for you right? But I don't like that. They're all nuts. 5 6 7 0 5 6 you've asked if we have anybody on the full besides the government's war friends, pound five, 60 on the singular wireless line. WQAM hello. Hey, I have a saying you were waiting for some people that you have an heard from a wild call you and I figured let me call you. Are you doing? Who's this? I'm not. I'm not. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines. So when I said about this this is one of the ones left in town right now. Anybody else with any kind of a life. They're out of town. They're vacationing. They're swimming. They're partying. They're getting laid. They're doing something. They're traveling the world. They're getting an education. They're having a wonderful time. They're writing the bus on the Q. London. They're writing the trains. But all this swill man. I think I go a philosopher. I think one said it best. All the craft you could unwrap. All the slime. All the time. I was going. That's my main man to mold man. WQAM hello. Hello. I said I wanted hear from some people we haven't heard from. When did I say that? Who's this? It's John. Hey, I just wanted. Are you up in the town or a town or a? Up in the town or a? WQAM hello. No. Yes sir. I'm not. I'm not. Yes sir. I'm curious if you've noticed driver has found a George. All these cameras that are perched on stop lights all over town. They're watching you baby. They're watching and they're monitoring you closely. Who's watching? Who's watching? Who's watching? Big brother. That's who's watching. You're going to get with the program. And this guy's not even. Yeah. Just to pick up 1984. Don't read the book because it takes much time. Just wants to move me. I like the judge. My hand. I haven't watched it yet. Why not? I'm behind. I have a lot of movies to watch. You're not going to like that anyway. You didn't like network. I was thinking about that the other day. Any other problem with people who don't like network George? It's called a lacking in intellect. Oh, is that right? Yeah. Well, I would say don't take it. I don't take it. I don't take it. I don't take it. I still could stop taking it on a chin. Like I said. Yeah. Yeah. It's great. Yeah. Seriously. I don't understand. What's not to like in that movie? It's just the style. The message is what there is to like put the movie is boring. This is boring. Sorry. I've got that before. When you fall asleep in a movie, it's not good. Yeah. It's not good. Right? Usually. Usually. Okay. He's calling this. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. Right? Usually. Usually. Usually. Usually. Usually. Because he's an 大小的教師. If you can. He's a artistic person. He's making a shot of 600x1600 and allowing. He's saying prayer. We see. She's very thick. You know. She looks like an artist. Do you recognize this dirhce brains? Looker. She's a very interesting artist. You'll say. denote a file. Yes. Addlers. Yes. Of course. A single most important plays for the rebels. a week week. One week and Tuesday pretty good on our website. We had the real nice, and then all of a sudden I thought just when everybody's coming back, fossil armed. Now is the time when they already, and you wanted to why if you heard these calls, we'd had so far to that should answer the question. Yeah, that's the main reason that people get to tell a lot. When in that they flee, they flee like the plague isn't being so cruel. The thing I'm least likely to do, and we got how many votes again? Five or 32, not too bad, have gay sex 321 over 60% very, very nervous about that and rightfully so. If it's not your thing, vote Republican 52, join a military 34, listen to sports dog 33, God forbid, each 2K24, worship a God 12, read the stories on Neil's website 12, see if lack of intellect. By golf in season 6 is 11, hit late 11, play golf 6, watch the jail on movie 5, watch a soap opera 2, pick a mid-intergent 2, watch other people play sports 2, watch TV news 2, read news paper 2, and go to the race track, still only one. I'm wearing a snap of the fish, sure. I thought I'd dive into the green. Although I came a great wide, hit my little hands with me. And while it was happening, he felt like a scene for joy. But I wasn't more shy than before, like rather strong. Charge in the water, I never thought back. Charge in the water. When I get back to the shoreline, I'm story in baby. I can't have this baby lady, it's my son baby shoes. Charge in the water, I never thought back. Charge in the water. It calls himself a great holiday time, in where they have such a cup of... Yeah, it's not 35, I'm just keeping it back to all the great tunes of Emily, but we would rush for a stop to probably the best part, maybe that's why you're like it's so much. And this is what you'd again, I think. Oh, I don't think that's going to happen anything soon. Here's a facts from Cliff who says, and Cliff must be psychic, because the next story in my pile is about the vest. He says, I can't believe they're putting the video being grand-trapped, a grand-thats auto off the shelves because of a sex scene. Oh, I have, you just... I beg of her, I have it. But to a clock at a more than that, there's going to be a little tap on your door. And the GTA police are going to be there. It's the same game in which I can shoot a cop, steal a car, but over pedestrians, but Neil God forbid that you can get a joist job from a hooker in the game he says. This world is aspect-wards-his-cliff, also a C city of God. You must be the God of keeps bugging me with city of God. It was good. We're working like it in that. I don't know. Let's time you're out at the video stove. I look for it, they don't have it. No God's. I said, you got this, it's no stew, gots, no gods. Stew, gots. Oh, I don't think about that. Don't forget Wednesday, the rainy morning, don't forget starting with this book. No more this trend, crap. Okay? Okay? I'm not going to do it. I mean, if you want to do it, that's fine when you're on. I can't imagine you'd be on that, well, whatever. Yeah. But they're just too spastic for months and months. It's kind of nothing to do with doing well or badly because we have gigantic months than we have horrendous ones. But once every three months is more than enough. In fact, I think that's probably going to be the cue of motto next Wednesday. It's more than enough. Let's just call a whole thing off. But anyway, we'll see. Anyway, the oversight board that put parental ratings on video games took the unusual step yesterday of slapping its strongest warning on a best-selling settlers' again, making it a great, putting explicit interactive sex scenes on the disc. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Retaders began pulling copies of grand-thek autosand Andreas from their shells after the entertainment software ratings board revolved against mature rating and raised into adults only. Publish your take to interactive software, instead of trying to re-work sand and dress, the top-selling video game of last year, and we're sure we'll leave it this year. Now you can go get the new expert in a version what you're saying. No, I'm not saying. Oh. The ratings board, well, you wanted after they take the other one away. The ratings board is similarly most in picture association of America's rating board, a mature rating is analogous to an R-moving rating and it does only as a couple of two NC-17, most retailers refuse to sell adults on a games. Probably like the slaquebuster, but they sell it? No. Executive as a New York based take two as an 9 for weeks that company programmers are responsible for the graphic sex scenes, which can be unlocked with software that was widely available on the internet. But yesterday, they announced that the games designers had created scenes dubbed TOTCOPPY. The editing of any games is a highly technical process to take to the sportsman Rodney Walker. We look at it to a painter who paints one painting and paints over it on the same canvas. Lockers, as well as he did a little of modify critics who pointed a grant about those series to highlight the issue of violence and sexuality and video games, the game is sort of right now listed killing and take to it as we've re-reveled in its image as the bad boy of a 25 billion dollar global gaming industry that's trying to gain respect to ability to match its profits. It looks like take to interactive purposefully can the kind of video game industry rating board and parents across the country said Washington State Representative Mary Lou Dickerson. San Andreas is a top-selling game in the country that was in the hands of thousands of children who can practice interactive pornography. There should be legal consequences so the company doesn't laugh all the way to the bank. Now what's that all about the legal pornography stuff, Josh? What can you do in the game? Yeah. Well for instance, you can pick up a hookah? Yeah. You know, I'll give you the little horn honk picker up. Have your way with her in the out? We got a hockey hooker, yeah. Right. And killer and take your money. Okay. Just like to go through that. San Andreas, which we tell us for about 50 bucks is more than 20 at least you won't be doing it again. Pass no disease. Just hold more than 12 billion copies worldwide since it's launched in October. mature way to games are intended for players older than 17. Many retailers keep such games under lock and key and have policies requiring clerks to check the idea of buyers and ensure Josh got ID when he bought his. No, I didn't. Walmart stores in which it counts for his much as 20% of video games sales in the US began removing San Andreas from Charles yesterday is the best buy Walmart and best buy. How do you like that? Or which we like them both a lot. Three. Our policy is not to carry any adult titles on our shows. Charles said Walmart's spokesman Karen Burke who said buyers can certainly bring the product back for a refund. Take two said it would make a patch available for downloading so that customers could block the sex scenes. All right. Just put a little patch over there. The patch. Words of the scenes began spreading over the internet last month after Dutch program received one of those Dutch perverts. And Patrick Willdenberg began distributing software that he said on the lock them. Like unlocking a chance to develop. Many video games have secrets to it. This kind of like sounds like Easter eggs to me. It's up like that. Same idea here. Many video games have secrets to it. Thursday and access is they progress. They might for instance when extra powers are reaching levels hot coffee by contrast is an interactive sex game featuring all sex and intercourse. Oh my god. Willdenberg who removed a software from the internet on Wednesday to plan a comment. As of late last week, take two of the insisted that the sex scenes were the work of a determined group of hackers who got a significant trouble. All of the scenes in the official version of the game. Hackers the company said created the scenes by this is sending an income binding, recombining, and offering the games code. The scenes prompted an outcry from game critics including Senator Hillary Rotten Clinton, who's the call last week for a federal investigation new hot coffee. Hunter like that. And hot pot, he's amazing else that's a little bit too hot. Get me the most precious next year. All look at that, there's President Mochara food in New England, goveta, do you remember that military guy? Perfect Mochara, the dictator. But I'm gonna show break now. Oh good, that's a good idea. It's time for a come to a hitter. It's time for a new hot coffee. It's your life. It's time for a come to a hitter. Can you wait yet? It's somehow who will feel, say your day or callers, or to be the chews, when she steps down for the Supreme Court by now on NBC's newest reality show. I'm Donald Trump, and I've chosen 16 of the brightest minds in the federal court system. But only one will become just the same when they start a civil attack in the sentence. America calls on Donald. But today's task, we're bringing in a pregnant team on medical marijuana, who refuses to say, under God, when reciting the pledge of allegiance to her gay teacher. You must decide if we're principle as the right to display the 10th remembrance of the classroom. Now go, it's gamble bound in the excitement, when Donald Trump chooses to just in his sentence. Tonight, all the German who goes up to the bench, and who goes down to the trench. Hey, as the best way I can come up with us, I'd show you a notice. I'm from the inside court, tonight on justice. And I'm a very hot debate as colleague. 24, just clicking the different lines from that work, can I? Yeah. FDA is just worrying about the abortion pill. Oh my God. The government warned the doctors this week to be on the lookout for rare, but deadly infections in women using the abortion pill. Are you for 86? Are you sure? Signing two more deaths after we're serious. Are you kidding me? What is it? Yes. Are you for 86? Are you for 86? Are you for 86? At least five US women who have done after taking the pills since it began selling in two thousand of the food and drugs, an instrument stretched, it couldn't prove the drug which to blame. But support that's caused by bloodstream infections, or a sexist, all occurred in women, who didn't follow FDA, proven instructions for a Real Brigative abortion, instructions for a appropriate abortion, said agency drug Dr. Stephen Galson. We don't know that this awful abuse is caused at SD caution. Still, the FDA issued a pubic health advice by morning doctors at the possible encouraging end of the lookout for infections and women who have used the myfprex, myfprex abortion pill. I say that right? Well, I would like to. Uh-huh. Oh, to bed didn't know about it. Yeah. Such women may not have typical symptoms of sexes such as fever galls and stress. Two days action comes as a must after the FDA warned about two sexes cases associated with myfprex also called or use 486 or myfprstone. Additional such cases reported the aventineacle in June. The drug sold by dank or laboratories is approved to terminate pregnancy of the 49 days after the beginning of the last menstrual cycle. A blast of hormone required to sustain a pregnancy when followed by another medicine. Missed my so gross, whatever it is, you can't see terminate. What? Right. The FDA's instructions call for women to swallow both pills but most abortion clinics, when you listen to this? I am what you're being a labric. The FDA's instructions call for women to swallow both pills but most abortion clinics instead instruct that the mysoprostal tabl to be inserted in the vagina goals. I'm said studies have shown it can work that way too. But the four steps to this, I'll report it from California came after the so-called off-label use calcium conciacum and inserted the tablet, patchable even so. Okay, let's look at it and we're back down like that. Just don't get up fast because it tends to fall off. That's what myfpr means to say about, you know, that put about myfpr in my money. Every time she stood up, did we fall out? Anyway, time of Orlando factions and says, the president supports the practice of sitting American jobs overseas doing so the economic standing of the USA weekend. There you go, and learning position of the US population is unemployed but no prospects on a horizon. Meanwhile, the war in Iran well for just had more NBA teams. Meanwhile, the war in Iraq is spiraling out of control without any hopes of a future many Americans are enjoying the military. That idea, although recruitment is down to mention how far it would be if all those jobs were still based in the US, is there a parallel between bushwikening or economy on purpose and the war with a strong economy in a war that's overwhelming down poverty with anybody we really need to join now? I think it's curious to us, Todd, that pushes leverage himself into this position after not understanding how outsourcing would strengthen our economy right. With less applicants or future jobs and employment will originally lack a population, that in the self-maystern from the economy it's crazy. The war in Iraq may not be a person's first choice but it's certainly becoming their only choice. All things come full circles says, Todd, just a few thoughts during lunch after reading a few of you news articles. Thanks for the show and you're welcome, Todd, noise to charge. So there's somebody who's been in news articles on our website. There is one, we're building your audience and the viewership on our website one at a time, other those big good pictures have disappeared. Still getting fact is about that don't even tell me. All right, I don't want to hear about this. It's incredibly fast moving. I know. 570 if you've also going to make 600 jacks. I think we can shoot for 700, what do you say now? I don't think so. Huh? Well there's nobody around. I can't make magic, you know. Here on this little horse ball radio station, I can't make magic. We're going to be in a contendomer and if I went ahead like a real agent, so that's silly as faggot that the normal, you know, who's busy, you know, wannabe. He's a wannabe. Well it is fantasy, baseball. He wants to be a baseball player. He wants to be a top show host. He wants to be a high, big shot agent. He wants to be there. See what you know. Man, he's a wannabe and that's why we're like stuck here on this, you know, a little outlet. So if you probably get more power out of it, you just to traditional outlet in the wall there, then we're getting out of this transmitter. Especially those eight or ten minutes we had the ability. And a lot of comments about that about our day, the other day. It was telling me about that. The fact that we were off the air for several minutes. Somebody was a confabulating with me. Oh, Hank was telling me about that. Remember he has said, well you thought you were off the air, but guess what? Surprise. That's why we had a test that toned away. Stick his finger in a socket or two. So and then that didn't help us. We had in fact we didn't on Tuesday. We had a chance for the rubber going for 800. We just got a little bit short. That's because of the ten minutes we were off the air. If we had a, if we had a bit on those ten minutes we would have been like falling off a log, right? Or just dropping a log, a Lincoln log. In fact, isn't that where the term came from when President, when the sixteenth president took a dump and they called it a Lincoln log? I'm sure. Yeah, it was the rail slitter, you know. I know. He was also, oh, I'm sorry. So what I hear? 570s. There's a lot of those people running around. Everybody had two wives. Didn't you have two? I probably thought he was straight to five six seven. Oh, five sixy. Just like a lot of your people I know. I'm five sixy. I know he's singular in the whatever it is. Well, it's not going to bother these good calls on because we've had somebody a Gilbert's whamming boyfriend. Don't you QA and hello? Neil, I'm glad I called in. I was able to. Because um, now so they said the window will be closed in a few days to be able to go. I see that's the first time that he's actually spoken that long. Yeah, well, no one's saying. And he sounds like a rational out. Up until he gets to that point where he doesn't know or stick. Uh, he sounds pretty weak. Come any QA and hello? How are you doing, gentlemen? Yes, sir. What a rash of calls again today. I love it. I think the reason is that people with the brain are leaving so far there. It is for everybody with any with more than ten cent, there are many other towns. At least there's some running. Speaking about the overweight, uh, a while in adventures, um, a while back at this award, uh, the ITS, I don't know if you've ever heard of that. It's a transportation communication center. Okay. Well, when they're catching that, the monitors, these other cameras are also up the interstate system. Here is self-floor. And we're taking, uh, taking out, suddenly California roads just giving an idea how large that network is going to be. Okay. And it's just Gary big brother. You're here. Oh, good. I'm going to tell you. I'll send your postcard. How's that? Okay. I'll send your computer and aggregables. Good luck. Good luck. By the way, the, uh, uh, what's it called? The Star Trek guy. Scotty things. What's his name again? Do be, do be, do be, do we do? Is he doing it? Uh, anyway, old do it. Do not. Uh, he was from, uh, I did say it's a can of that story. I wait, but he was from, uh, British Columbia. All right. I'm not ready to share with a Vancouver, uh, Victoria, someplace out there. Which really beautiful and fascinating. They have a lot of great weeds, stuff like that. Oh, not another one of these stories. Oh, no. One thing I think that all parents in Florida ought to be really grateful for is that tremendous background chat. They don't want anybody who might be a teacher in a public school. They like, uh, the man accused essentially assaulting a 12 year old British tourist in that hotel elevated this week. Remember that story that we had the other part of it on, uh, the, and the latest one? Yes. Was a former middle school teacher who was recently lost his certificate for Leslie Folli, you're at another hotel. But he'll make it around. Right. Right. Carl Moore, 36 of Kissinney, had worked at Neptune Middle School in Asio LaCounty for, before losing his license, for spending to be forwarded in 40 an hour, is it a 2002 rest for Leslie, grew up in a 17 year old girl that a hotel pool, the final order for a vacation was signed for worry five. Well, he's moving on down now. He's not moving on up. He's moving from 17 to 12. More is face several child sex abuse allegations, including it. See, I don't know about you, but I have a feeling about this, you know, about child molesters. Yeah. I mean, I could say, let's just tell all of them, which we're not going to do, but how about we just put them away and throw the key away? How's that said? Because they're not going to stop. They don't stop. This is, this is something like, you know, take two tablets and call me in a morning. There's like some kind of a cure. Just put them away like on an island of transatlantic homophysic control. Yeah. It is. Some of the ways you're not giving a land. That's right. More has faced several child sex abuse allegations, including it's September 2000 to arrest for allegedly reaching out of the shirt of a tourist list in 12 years old. And yet another hotel elevator. More recently, he was arrested June 26 outside the same hotel after allegedly trying to hide it's here clock at a morning. They ought to tan his hide. Investigators say more is not a registered sex defender of Florida. They'll detect and pick more out of a line of charges in September 2000 to arrest redrapped after she failed to show for deposition or trial and prosecuted her fourth to dismiss the case. He was charged only with providing false ID to a police officer who responded to June's suspicious persons call. However, after Monday's alleged incident, more faces attempted sexual battery false imprisonment and moved molestation charges. It's really great that they keep letting these people a slack amount of risk of other money again who wound up with more dead kids. Yeah, but those podis lokers mandatory sentences. Absolutely. Now you're talking important stuff, okay? Absolutely. Talk people and the drug culture. We've got to get rid of them that we got to stamp them out. Isn't that what Rush Limbaugh said? And I got to say about him coming up. Oh, good. Got him in Bill or Riley. How's Bill or Riley's? Oh, point. Oh, book. It'll be really fascinating to see that. You can't complain about her or Riley's numbers because he doesn't have any. And it's interesting looking around the rest of the country. He pretty much doesn't have any either. But I said how about that? Yeah, just because that the group of Nazis that was false news every day or I'm saying it fascinated with his is a line of BS and is heavy breathing on the phone. Didn't mean anybody's listening to him on the radio. If we ought to start promoting the Bill or Riley's show, remember? Remember when a first putty monitor radio in the, uh, try to get him on our only one that had me on his show or they wanted him on my show. It's trying to cycle off the radio Rogers or fast audience out there just suck it up heavy duty, okay? How it doesn't test the best party or Riley if we can find it? Yeah, it's not around. When I'm up and about to take this weapon all the way, when we take them, when I'm in the pool, I listen to the Bill Rogers one or the two of us. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the other Rogers parent balance one or two hours. Last and last part of this story was everything about getting here. After all, whatever you ran all year. So they felt I'd put on my sock on my chin. Welcome, many publishers hatırle the He's been all the back for spare and balance For so many calls and time He's looking for a lassie Who likes it a little too All right, welcome When the old rye leaves morning Children in the snow and still don't So when they're all rye leaves night in You best not pick up your phone Back home, hell, it's damn there to him It's like a one I hear he likes the airplane those fins on too Kip Marys Limbaugh rules Los Angeles and Chicago Here's that story The first national radio host Did a revised president's attorney in former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani about the George W. Bush's Now many discipline court also was first in the arbitranspring Out ratings for L.A. in Chicago See our book comes out next Wednesday because they go by order of markets Inbalances were small potatoes It's like all the way anyway The rest of them bought show heard money through Friday and KFI And Los Angeles from not even the new in-scored Let's see 20 pound to 54 person they 2.5 share Al Franken has got a 0.8 share Oh, how the l'Aureli a 0.9 which is a 0.9 more than in South Florida And it's sources got an 0.6 It's short to a big hot shot Right, yeah, that's what I hear In Chicago New York's Limbaugh shows her money through Friday and WLS In Chicago, at least they have a brain shot to change the great call It is on my WSYZ and Detroit And when he went to talk about the WSYT I mean you got the best, I mean is that pathetic Fracto is W A B C and WLS didn't change your call It is too bad the change of format Anyway, in the 2554 Limbaugh had a 3.4 In Chicago he has no competition In other words, Franken is not a skirmirk is not on And Bill Arale is not on and it's full 7.0 and those hours in You got no competition And he's got a 3.4 Whatever, good luck to your rush That has what I'm doing 5.670560, let's get out full bunch of WD rad calls on this line What he says Explosions Okay And as a matter of fact, we're going to have full right now Let's see what I'm saying We got 6.11, we got a shot at 700 Josh if we just hit our bar belt And really think we're going to do it, huh? Hit it. If we hit those suspenders up real tight Like every king and bed over like a hunchback We can do it, maybe we can get to 700 by 2 o'clock Otherwise, I'm not going to back tomorrow How do you like that? Huh? Don't threaten Okay 5.670560 In fact, stay off the phone You call sub today anyway, worse than usual Get on that internet On our very important poll today About which of these things Are you least likely to do, huh? We sides have engaged sex You're fairy And I see they immediately won't vote for that Because they want us to believe it See, we'll leave us You know WQI and hello Yes sir Neil, you're there Yeah? How you doing? I'm doing I want to call up and say that Everybody needs to start watching John Stewart Come Bailey show you where we get to watch it Sure I mean, the guest he has on our absolute amazing Not many had Robert Kennedy And Robert Kennedy was talking about How he had just done his whole promo Like a investigation about how autism And Murphy and the water and very sexy and shy Yeah That they approved ABC news We're going to show it And the last second ABC news The side because And then they said, okay, we'll show it But when they showed it They showed it that made it like the father's Supercompanies actually help and don't hurt No, it's not The whole thing is going to have a pharmaceutical company So we will come up company and give him vaccinations There's part Mercury and everything that He's going to call us autism for kids But when they ABC finally did decide to show it It made it look like the pharmaceutical company for the heroes For giving them vaccinations and it really just I mean, I got the main thing It's kind of tough again to tell That's what you're getting And it's nice that you watch the ABC news Many other news guys So I'll let us to at almost every spot on there For some prescription drug or over the counter Medication and they're in a pocketman So if you think you're going to get an A straight news From that one about anything you're dreaming The second thing is the Daily Show show The one about the 400 just about the pertaining And four articles you can see that one About the one where To our squishies is getting We invite the common same There's a big controversial Pick up paintings And they actually came down many days It'll show on it The Daily Show came down here But it didn't give much of a list of people It was actually hysterical They tried to make a big opinion down And I wouldn't end all this sort of stuff And we're going to watch it show everything We're going to shoot over it because the Bush crowd Most of them have plenty of extra sheets Thanks a lot, Pally Thanks for your time John's to our sky John's to our from president He's gotten better every day Yeah See if you want the real news I mean watch that And then you get a few y'all so long Yeah, you never got to get it from the American Network So from the talking head that we're so curious Yeah, that's where we're watching the ABC right now But very calmly our hypervillating is supposed to The hysterical hypervillating is going on MSNBC And CNN and the others In the years of Londoners and also a determination of how to survive It's something that's absolutely happening in front of their eyes In a train or off a train or on a bus That's not the mayor, the mayor of that guy that pushes an idiot It's a nice, it's very important for Londoners to learn how to protect themselves There's enough to lead In fact they're not only not hypervillating They're all I would say they're like borderline comatose Hahaha the bridge Are they something Here's that real something That way you can stick your teeth and do pit bulls baby For Denver A few weeks ago and I see I'm going to need a lot of crap about this Because I'm a dark lover which I am but see pit bulls to be your not dogs It's all in the owner You have a pit bull? Well my brother does so yeah I see so in other words you have like a redneck family Is that what you trying to say you're doing? I also grab a pickup truck and have a lot of shotguns Yeah, that's me, yehaw Hahaha Hahaha Huh? A few weeks ago two police cars and two animal control vehicles pulled up at the home of Stephanie Stephanie and Denver looking for a beloved four year old pit bull Zina that's with an ex ex rated dog Zina seven officers hauled the animal off of the city shelter putting her on death row Zina became an outlaw to Denver what a court fight And we instead of one of the toughest pit bull bands in the nation Since May more than 280 dogs have been impounded And more than 260 destroy And average more than three a day Dog owners are in a panic some are using an underground railroad a source in their pistol of elsewhere hiding in from authorities City officials in Denver wouldn't estimate how many people might be violating the ordinance About 30,000 About 30,000 Some owners are stiff and have only reprieved for their pets without from a rescue group The group got Zina released by signing an affidavit saying that the animal would never return to Denver Wasn't at nice Let's take all the child molesters and take them out of South Florida And they just make sure they don't come back to them someplace else Send the kill somebody else's kids Kind of like that I'm shuffling all those priest who out of I'd hear bring that up again So there a group took the dog to a molest promised and defied An animal sanctuary that's accepted more than three dozen pit bulls from Denver You know I think I understand that light said winning's used to ship the ship He used to run that Soup piggan probably I had a three times to be sure No, he did 10 winnings on it. I don't really all they also used to shoot pigeons in Fenway Park I got pigeons out of my balcony and even through my window You know I know what's more annoying cats are the rub of against your leg with a touring or the pigeons like kuku kuku kuku So they could eat a lot of pigeons. Yeah, you'll be shooting in Fenway Park Anyway, for Stefan and her partner Gina Black leaving her partner was that sound like to me Yeah, like a buzzword. Leaving Zena's 60 miles from home is a lousy option but the only one they had It's safe with that animal control. Save it then keeping her underground. At least you'll be able to play now Stefan said which will miss us or her back Oh, God, we're her back You know, there's another one of those phrases that I just I got your back. That's one that muffler used a lot You've got your back. Oh, I just hate that What you still do in the Fenway Park last? That's what it is. That's not the first time I had a dump myself. Of course I think dump is the appropriate term. Denver is one of three major metropolitan areas along with guess where else Sanity and Man, right to ban pit bulls recorded blend we vice president the American keen on foundation pit bulls typically describes three kinds of dogs the American pit bull terror American stepper territory and the stepper chair bull terrier but Denver's been a plus any dog. It looks like a pit bull the animals actually behavior doesn't matter Well, so it was if it even looks like it like a pit bull or like a new one or once kissed it on the year, and that's it. But a Bing City councilman Charlie Brown said in history of the pit bulls are trained with attack their bread to do that Well, that's if we're going to outlaw a dog that are in bread. Let's let's let's outlaw people that are in bread About 90% of the South's is Spanish Right Critics of the fan who's worth like an isolation genocide and the city's shelter has received emails like an animal control officers to Nazis Well, if we got Nazis running the government in Washington, why can't we have Nazis running animal control? Reed bands are just a knee jerk. We actually have something that happened in the community we said Denver band pit bulls in 89 after dogs mob administer and killed the boy in separate attacks The legislature passed along 2004 that prohibited breed specific bands but the city sued an Agejo in April the law was an uncost institutional violation of local control Critics of the ordinance said that a blanket ban on a tear breed is misguided that the law shouldn't Stead targeted responsible owners and all dangerous dogs If anyone says one dog is more likely to kill us as a study after that I haven't seen that's not based in scientific data This is Julie Gilchrist a doctor with the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Researches dog bites The CDC the American medical associate and he means to say that the West is in 20 years of dog white data And can food in that the pit bulls and wildwriters cause the most deaths right wilders Yeah But the researchers also noticed that fatal attacks represent a small proportion of dog bite injuries That's a number of bites per breed simply seems to rise with their popularity. Well, I said bunch of crap I was saying good and retriever is one of the most popular breeds right how many times do you meet about somebody getting bitten by a golden retriever like a attack huh None None How about a min pin Well It's a surprise mom didn't have them both put to sleep. It's a 12-in-a-sacchar one It'd give it enough time Damn, they would have just hung around long enough From at a staff to one at five sixty-one, we got to mole myster mole how are they? Those dogs are all these great new bits about a man. He's a super star in his own mind Never illuminating in rarely informative He'll be along with two that we got the mad dog. We got Jim made it to four guilty of seven And then we got Lenny Martens and Todd K. It's in you know, every time I read the schedule up until this moment I kind of like trying to avoid that like the plague Lenny Martens and Todd K. So, I tell her is that special K? He is special I see Well, he's a Lenny Martens because actually he's pretty sure which, you know, one out of two he'd bad From at a staff to one at five sixty-one, he's a few way in for years Armstrong for the homestead is always treated everybody like family They want to extend them all for you to join their family Ford is just announced their fourth family plan Right now at Armstrong for the homestead, you can buy a vehicle and employ discount prices that is correct through July 31 Armstrong for the homestead gives it the same rate price, you met every Ford motor company employee and their families get And not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also still get Armstrong for the exclusive Tires and batteries for like program 2 and for a limited time with any new car purchase you'll also get a cover TV free So don't wait pick up that phone right now called David Rich in 305 24751 12 You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place. I'll bet you the water not sees life on it. No bait and switch no phone ideals in this fantastic offer is only available What Armstrong for the homestead where they always treats you like family Armstrong for this product. We look at them I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I I'm sorry. Who are you with? Keep walking. You kidding me. I'll make you crashes. We're both here. We're all snows talking. Come at me. Uncle. I think that's what it is. I think this whole thing is like a, yeah, conspiracy of this whole Bush administration. You had a very fly cheer and now you got so many of me, you know, and colder. That's a great club you wore. I think that's what it is. Oh, yes, what is next? Are you speaking of penalties? That's the reason I've played that. I'm even a little bit, but I do like, create anyways. I like to song. Okay. You know, I don't like, create. Well, what an anti-sanantic you are. You'll be happy to know that I saw the lead singer of Creed in South Feet, with his window is down blasting his own music by himself. What an egotistical compass ass. I don't like that song. I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I just think we're having a date with him. Can I just not let it song? Sure. You can like it. I don't have to song. It's not, not a whole. I mean, I expect it. Everybody like it. Little, a lot. Okay, guess where this next door is being a kind of lazy. You must have seen this from Sudan. Guess what the city is? What was it named as the race horse in Godfather? Oh, cartoon. Cartoon Sudan. I'm not gonna race a no. I'm not not gonna. Not now, you know. So a company forces in a Sudanese capital of cartoon, manhandled the US officials and reported traveling with secretary state conduct. So these are rice, marring her round of meetings with leaders of the new Unified Government, Rice Demand and Apology and Got it. She said, I don't make no flat jacks. It makes me very angry to be sitting there with their person to have this happen. She said, they have no wife to push in the shove. Rice made her a Marseille reporter today after she and her Aunt Arrange board an airplane to fly from the capital away, Reffin G. Kim, and to the Darfur region. Oh, that's a good place for her. At the camp she said, they stood in these government must prove it. The first group is promises are credible and she would hold the government to account if it fails to win the Reffin G. Crisis. Right. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said they suit these foreign rules to respond to the rest of the men for an Apology by telephones her aboard the plane to were especially grip for the incidents at the Althra High Security Residence of suit in these present Omar Elbar Shire. Twice suit these guards hastily toward members of Rice's entourage, the Evolve induced shouts and shubbing. As Rice's motorcade arrived at the Residence, armed guards slammed a gauge, shoved before three vehicles could get in, including those carrying rice's interpreter and other aids who were supposed to attend her meeting with Elbar Shire. When the officials were finally allowed to de-gave, some found themselves barred from entering the building for the meeting, as Rice's senior advisor Jim Wilkinson tried to get in, Garza repeatedly pushed and pulled him, and at one point it was shoved and he was shoved into a wall. The plumsy 101 says you don't rough your guests up, opens and said, and Bancere Khadir Haroon Ahmed, head of these Sudanese men, they got to work on some names over there, you know? They all have the same names. Police are going to get them. Mohammed Ahmed, Ahmed, whatever. Head of these Sudanese mission enlarged and attempted to smooth over the situation on this spot. Please accept our Apology to report his an aids, this is not our Apology, but there was another scuffle a little in moments later. The reporters and guards reluctantly allowed in the meeting for planned photo session where Harass and Elbode and Garza repeatedly tried to reprimand the microphone away from the US reporter. The reporters were told not to ask questions over state and permanent objections. When NBC, the diplomatic reporter Andrea Merchill, fried to ask Elbyshire about his involvement with alleged atrocities, Garza grabbed her and muscled her toward the rear of the room, state and permanent officials shouted at the guards, get your hands off her book and send them in. She's married to a, what's his name? The, the, the, the fed, Alan the green spun. Did you know that she's his wife? No, I did not. Get your hands off her, but all the reporters and camera crew were physically forced out his rice and Elvis here last. Ladies and describing rice is meeting with Elvis. Sure, what can I say? She was very directed about the skepticism of the international community about their ability to improve Darfur. Rice put it this way, I said action not words. I sure hope she didn't say, no can be any mumbo jumbo. I would have not been the right thing to say what it was all that. The US officials said two of these officials reported that we've completely asked rice to lift sanctions and you gave them no promises for rice later when the kid, she might consider requesting these sanctions on real-way and aircraft components. I thought that muscled pork cut, Alisa, and her honoris and Andrea Mitchell around. Now that bitch, I'll guarantee on NBC news tonight would, you know, I've noticed not only his face, but brand Williams sounds like he's talking through a, something about his voice too. It's like a tin can, if you've noticed, it's a TV audio one, and NBC news, but it's just something about his voice. I mean, I watch him every night by default because there's nothing else you're going to watch a network newscast. And John Stuart's not on that early. But he, there's something bizarre about him. And now that I mentioned it, I'm really upset about that NBC booth announced that it's about 140 years old. I sure wish I wish two things. I'd like to know what that guy's name is. NBC nightway, the live-highway, it sounds like he's gone from the petrol five four. 50 mentioned it. Yes. I mean, notice the, the union thing, those guys that get those jobs, man, they're for airbred to learn. I'm really, really broken. NBC nightway, the live-highway, the live-highway, they may have, and NBC world, those headbodies, anyway. I don't even read. I'll hear some facts from the Palm Beach troublemaker who says since Carl and Scooter confessed we're exposing the CIA operative, we've not heard from Bush one. He former CIA chief who said, and I quote, I have contempt and anger for those of what exposed the names of our sources there, the most insidious of traders. The silence is deafening George, it says. George, you're just 41. What do we want to call him? Like, whole ass. Right. Wim. 560560, pound 560, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line. And something about that NBC nightly nightly nightly nightly. Follow us to big improvement, I'll be buying a North Cross whatever you name like. Tom Brokeha. 650 votes, Josh, we got a halva shot. You think we got 36 minutes, and we need 47 votes. That's barely more than one a minute. Can't we do that on this very high page, Joe, even though there's nobody around. You think even Josh thinks we can do it? How do you like that? What is it? Yeah. 6503, just click what, okay? Just get with it, just to make us feel better, like we're still on the air. Okay, even though we're on this station, working for these people. The thing I am least likely to do is have gay sex to have the 87, 58, well, you know, how that percentage is gone down since we give mother choices, like the vote Republican and what does. Yeah. Vote Republican 72. Join the military for it. I was thinking about this if I can never end up by a reading of the poll result for just a second. I don't know what I mean, we think about it. Maybe it was one of the bits I've said before. But people are so hung up about celebrities and we'll have look in so many, but the fact that a matter of reason I've always said this is that you can go into a shopping mall or I can go out to a casino or something. And you see so many, or just go out on the street, well, not big. I mean, most of the people are like retardos, but I'm talking like a civilized place like here, right? Just walk downtown out on the streets and you look around and your tongue is now your toes man, no matter what it is, the cranks you're changing the whole, hey, count. You're not always beautiful people. You don't know their names, but you sure as I would like to. At least for a few minutes. But as opposed to people obsession with some folks who are really pretty marginal, you know they may say to big deal, are there some people who are like really marginal that just got to be on TV or have they made up? See one nice thing about people that you see out on the street, well, maybe some of the women are wearing a lot of extra makeup. I don't think so. I don't like it Hollywood, you know, no, all that. Perfect. And I like it. Hollywood floored in Emerald Hills. Anyway, I don't know what maybe think about them, but it just is true. People are just, they just get left on the garden path so easily. Oh yeah, that's one of that one whoever doesn't come to fight up at, and they're, they're really not all like great, you know? Yeah, the thing I'm least likely to do is have gay 6388, vote for Republican 74. Join a military 41 good. Good thing can keep thinking that way, okay? Do not allow yourself to be a human sacrifice. Sacrifices for the old barbaric religion and the ones they. This is in the sports dog 35, each 2, 7, worship a God 17, which would give you a special dispensation for only the golf in season 2 and 16. We destroy the kneels website 13. Well, you mama, how do you like that? You laid 12. Watch the J.L. We'll be 10. Play golf 9. How boring. Watch this so far for four pick up a dinner time three. Remember, hold in three times. Go to the race track too. Watch other people play sports too. Watch TV news too and read a newspaper. Only a pair would dare to administer to a growth test. Doors are we the newspaper? No, I want to touch it. Just online though, we read our bedtime stories. Just like, which is a big improvement, okay? Are we two newspapers? They Toronto star, Toronto sun. The star because they're like a liberal paper and the sun because they got a good sports section. Even though they're a right wing waggle and by Rupert Murdoch. You wear rubber gloves when you read them? Yes, okay. In fact, I wear rubbers when I'm reading the sun. It's always safer that way. 27 after one at five, 60 WCM, did you get it in the night's sleep last night? Maybe we're tossing and turning all night. If you're tired of that small, uncomfortable cramped bed, if your mattress is worn out, it's time to step up to a new queen or king-sized bed from the great folks in dialometres. When you call 1-800 mattress, you choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king-sized beds ready for a sanded delivery. And you still get that sanded great deal. You choose the Dayton time on a tour window seven days a week for delivery between 8 AM and 10 PM and they show up on you want, like 10 to noon, noon to two, etc. The mattress carries the complete line of seal. You serve the Simmons king-core of Stearns and Banana Spaster all the top names, no offer hands, no crap. And their everyday low prices and beef stock make your mattress shopping a breeze. Just make that easy call 1-800 mattress. You should be talking with an expert bedding consultant who listens to your needs. We'll suggest this style and careful level of it is perfect for you. These folks know the bedding business because that's all they do. Just about all of the folks who are here at the same bed, you're on your big, complete fat ass reached over for the phone and call 1-800 mattress or on the web, it's macros.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MATT-R-E-S be sure to tell them that fat boy told you to call. I urge everyone to complain to this station. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S be sure to tell them that they're all ready to go. Okay, what's your routine kind of peak-by-curiousity before when you said, and I'll never remember by Tuesday this being Thursday already, to discuss it before the show. I guess we'll have to do it on the ear. This conversation you had with Frank Boy about one of his neurotic friends. What was the audience? They've been following all of us too from the Lyle Facts to the craft that's been going on for far too long. What's the F-Shot? What kind of lies did they tell you? He said that he was going to talk to him again in this time, talked to his wife and say all the facts of the dissents that it's such that he was going to talk to the wife about the shit that she could possibly influence into. Stop. Stop what breathing? That would be good. Well, yeah. And little of that stuff, current-tracking us. Yeah. Well, that would be good start. And if he could say, said, boy, what would it be? You need even better package. We can make a package deal. Like, we need to say they got package deals. That sounds like a real weiner to me. See, he's just sucking up because for whatever reason, all of a sudden he feels left out on the outside. Now they know as we go. In fact, even when Duster that day was that, that's right. You were out there, see, you were sick? Yes. And the day they were going to die for doing the cause of Josh and a ball game. And he was left with like the eighth string that day. And Duff admitted on the air that he hates bad boy like poison. I mean, like that. So, Duff my steer. You're fairery. Which is, I thought was really, in fact, I would give you a city motivation. And anyway, we got some misfortune. There is a first one. It's really bad for all of us. Man, how many paper plans we got? The beast is something like he's going to be stroke out pretty soon, by the way. He was slurring and said, I really bad on the air this morning. If you don't say that, you didn't hear it. I didn't know. The beast is, is he like, you know, blew it up even more? I can't imagine how this possible. Huh? I'm a fat Jew. How about his blood sugar is about like 600 at least. You could tell the snoring up. I'll tell him that he's cinnamon. He swat sugar cubes. No, seriously, cinnamon can't hurt. He could just like, look at that. And then put it on his arm and lick it all day. Teddy Bruceky, you know, Teddy Bruceky, that way, a great player, great linebacker. But he's also the name. He's just so great. Even George was an anti-sports spectator kind of person. I would agree that Bruceky is just such a great name for a sports person. Right. Anyway, let's go to the sports guy and get a bargek couple of Bruceky, right? Right. Is more than one of them. New England linebacker, Teddy Bruceky, we'll sit out this season because of the stroke he's subvert in days after helping the Patriots when they're three or two, but bold four years. Teddy is declared his intentions to forego the 2005 campaign, Patriots, Schrochman, Stacey James, and the statement that Bruceky family wanted to express their heartfelt appreciation to the tremendous support they received from fans throughout the England others around the country. Three years later, he was okay. He's great. He's going to be really tough to fill his sneakers, all right? But nevertheless, I'm sure we'll do our best. Take this one and then other Superboy, you can smell a can't you? Oh, yeah. I know who it's not going to be. I don't know who it will be, but I guarantee who it won't be, you know? Ricky or no Ricky. And Ricky's got to miss the first four games because of that drug suspension, right? Yes, he has to. So sad. Ricky, Ricky, and by that Owen four week, they'll be you're just salivating for his return. Now, he's not doing the dreadlocks anymore. Why does he still got the haircut or do you like to grow that back? No, no, he does not have the dreads. I'm not going to get tackled by the hair anymore. Goodfaken, Ricky. Former Dolphins coach, John, a Don Shrewd, what's the thing again? Don Shrewd. Oh, God, the Brainstem. I mean, you know that even when the Brainstem is referred to you and ask that you'd like reach the bottom of the barrel. Hey, wait, wait, wait. Sonny, we move a little bit. We're moving it right direction. You tell him, Don. It's the Don. Former Dolphins coach, Don Shrewd, as recent fashion of the successor, continued yesterday when he took another slide for Jimmy Johnson, during a meeting conference called regarding this month's induction of Dan Marine, the Troopah Hall of Fame. Now, if Danny Boy's going to go to Hall of Fame, how they're going to get in and post a head out of his rectum before I mean, that would kind of embarrassing, huh? Have to shove the two of them in there together. Shula, who coach Reno for his first 13 NFL season said the quarterback was much less effective after Shula retired, retired my ass. And Johnson became coach from 1996 to 1999. As Tomachi thinks Reno benefited from having only two head coaches in 17 NFL seasons, he was said, you may need one coach. Look at the numbers they speak for themselves. What are shocked on the brain stem, strikes back? Is this you, Dan movie? Reno average 262 in the passing years. One point on touchdown passes at 1.1 under a substance at 100, and on the on games under Shula, compared to 200 in 20 passing yards, 1.2 touchdowns and 1.0 under a substance in 61 games under Johnson. Reno also won 62% of the games he started under Shula with one Super Bowl of offense, Reno's winning percentage under Johnson was only 54.1%, and no Super Bowl offense is of course he was to say Jimmy's got a big mouth and bad here and just makes me nauseous. He's another one of those people, highly, you know, in these sports fraternity that everybody kisses his ass. And maybe you nice guy, I don't know, but he just grabs me the wrong way, you know? That's me. But he just talks a lot of crap. He talks crap, you know, all of the blow and no show. So the speak. The finishing physical that's called as in blowing hot air. See you guys, too. The finishing physical skills may have affected Reno's plan to Johnson, but Shula also believes he has been a offensive system that played better to the quarterback's strengths. Unlike Johnson's heavy run heavy scheme, children didn't try to utilize Reno in play action passing plays. The thing that made Dan so special was his vision downfield, Shula said, he always wanted to be looking downfield. Even like play action passes, where he'd have to fake the hand up and pick up the reseaver and see what the blunts his were coming from. The blusher's are probably coming from the Philadelphia. He also wanted to be facing line of squimage where he could see what the coverage wasn't where the blitz, the blitz creed was coming from. Probably see it in. Johnson has responded to an interview request about Reno made this way through Fox Sports where he now serves as an analyst. The longstanding friction between Johnson and Shula continued last month when the latter appeared on Fox Sports radio, Shula criticized Johnson for the way he downplayed the franchise's history after replacing his coach in 1986. And he told Johnson, one who threw all that away and just talked about his own accomplishments and they turned out to be none of the accomplishments said the brain's stem and you happen to be done. That's so amazing. Correct. Except for the fact that you didn't retire, you were fired but never less than. We don't want to say that because that's embarrassing, right? Peace. It doesn't look good. You know, for public consumption, which is why he called a press conference to make sure that everybody in the media understood he was retiring now. We're not not getting fired. I'll be really bad. And in my first fact, could it have been any worse down to Jimmy? No. Jimmy was an investment. In fact, Jimmy is what led to the ones that era, the brief and the aim glorious and grow test ones that era. What do you think, in a four and twelve or three and thirteen Josh? Four and twelve. Four and twelve. Okay. Some say, hey, there's something to be said for consistency man. There's nothing like being locked solid year after year, season after season. In fact, look at those people. We got 17 people say the last thing they would go under the sun ever is by dolphin season tickets. Why do we put five panthers season tickets on there? Mark said that's too much less. That's just for fun. And that's what we want to run many salt and Alan Cohen's wounds by the way. And a crap with very jackass about a 30 million dollar pay. Well, it was already 29 million. And it was already the lowest in the league. The salary cap is 39. A not 30 million. Spend some of that top-end money you lied to us about. Okay. Oh, we're going to spend the year. But we've got to move about. We're waiting. And I don't think Jack Martin or Jacques Martin, whatever you want to call him, he's going to be real thrilled. But a bunch of like I heard all about the youngsters in the organization for let's get some skilled players on here. Some people with some steel got it. I don't know you all whipped up about the impending hockey season. Mainly on her joby fall flat on his ass. I think he'll be okay. I think he'll do a good job. I'm not saying that gratuitously because quite frankly, if I never heard him again, it would be too soon. But I just I think he'll be okay. You know, oh, what I guarantee you'll be better in which, which walls, you know, what he'll be the best hockey that's right ever listen to. Yeah, what are you going? I guess you never heard rumors. 19 till 2 at 5, 16, WQA, and for years, I've been telling you about our good friends at Drive Concepts to the best corporate company in the universe, which is why I've used them for over 20 years in my homes. But did you know that Drive Concepts can also save you hundreds, even thousands of dollars by no other things for you. Drive Concepts also specialize in bravery cleaning, a posturing of a furniture restoration, an accrues cleaning, or yet a lot cleaning and repair, pet odor treatments and water damage to. Nothing about our sales department. They don't believe in like punctuation. You know, it's not a miracle. Drive Concepts can also clean and restore your talent, grow quickly and efficiently too. Drive Concepts, steps for a professional staff is always improving the serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented. And during this month, during the month of July, it's drive Concepts summer sizzler's sale. So be sure to take advantage of great savings, even better than usual on all drive Concepts services from corporate cleaning to talent, ground cleaning. It's the only place you ought to be calling. You know, if I get to give you a written guarantee price upfront, no repost no scams, no gains. So call Drive Concepts do yourself a favor. Toil for you and they'd round in the palm beaches is 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 run the wicked web. It's driveconcepts.com. The next three are coming across and now you can help the programmers. From your final question, how do you know how to do it? I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. I'm not sure if you can do it. The final episode with Turkey's number was So welcome! It's 295-5, 550-616 If we do it! The whole orifice of a former professor accused of being a Palestinian seriously to receive taxes from the group praising heroic operations that resulted in the death that Israeli soldiers of Queen Documents introduced to this trial yesterday. Prosecutors didn't present any evidence that Samuel Arian or a street code of offense read the press releases on the committee of human decay. A lot of which refer to the glory of martyred fighters who had participated in the terrorist attacks. In fact since September 6, 1994, we signed the Islamic Gehaid Movement in Palestine, another name for the Palestinian Islamist year. And rising to the mighty Python, which one of the movies was it for people who was like the boys who were public. So that's the very few of the people's party of people front of the day. Right. Which prosecutor said was a terrorist organization that former university is south forward a professor raised money for and helped lead the PIG is linked more than a hundred deaths in the Middle East, sub and in dreared. Prosecutor is also played a video tape showing Abdul Aziz Alwada, a defendant in the case who's still large in tuning. No peace with Israel and say that only G. Had or Holy War resolved differences with Israel and we should poison their hall of honor. I can't. You should go pee on your home entension. All right. You first we must inform this you and I'm really peered about it. But probably I'm still alive. Yeah, it's long gone. Like back in March. I'm interested. No, we got this home entension from the Halberstead. And I ate the whole bag of sort of tall laden gummy bears. Wow. That's a funny way that you're a little. Right. He's a good guy, but he's another one of these, you know, telling you with kindness, poison you with stuff that you can't possibly like to like to your extra count. They're growing all that sort of a tall halif. A lot of the game on it and hockey game. Yeah. Never tacked. What about that? Yes, you did. I was the list. I'll say that. But boy, I sure was a busy boy for a long time on the. Anyway, I'm sure. It said put the queen on the throne. 700 five, a time in a contest. We made that see if we to really put our. That was like a finesse to breeze it with soy. If we to put our head of the grindstone, we could go on for 800 day Josh didn't do it. Probably good idea too, you know. Yeah. 705, not a problem. The thing I'm least likely to do had gay sex. That's not a 58, 01% vote Republican. 83 and join a military 50, that number is zooming up fast. Josh's department seeks to pursue tobacco profits. See that this is what really kills me. If they're going to do this, and I'm not one who advocates smoking cigarettes. But let me just say this to you. Well, they already got basically a skull and crossbones on the attacking rate. There isn't anybody after over the years five that does know that cigarettes are going to give you a lung cancer possibly got a right of a little cancer. And see, it's not like back in the day when the statelom cigarettes they always show this so beautiful young couple out in the woods in the room. It kind of like a you'd be glamorous and beautiful if you smoke salem or yeah, every one in the Marlboro man you're going to be as much or was he is if you smoke our fag. It's in a stuff like that. But in the meantime, we got all this stuff that you buy in your supermarket has loaded speaking to the FDA and the all loaded with chemicals and preservatives and just killing us like crazy we have all these cancers and oil clog arteries and all this stuff. And nobody is saying, oh wait, you know, once in a while you get somebody wants to food the to the fast food join or something like that. But what about all the stuff that we every day that you buy in your supermarket and that's poison? Yeah. Well, nitrates. See, when you're like an adult, go out and make your own choices. That's all I can tell you. And don't be always looking to sue everybody. And justice department appeared with the Supreme Court yesterday in its landmark lawsuit against the tobacco industry arguing that the government should be able to pursue as much as a $280 billion in tax profits from cigarette makers for allegedly misleading the public about the dangers of smoking. Right. The petition to the high court could revive a crucial part of that case and contrast with the department's recent decision to drastically reduce the separate penalty and wants to trial court to impose which would pay for smoking cessation programs. And of course, only we're in 28 page filing government worries called their case against the tobacco industry. The most important civil filing ever brought by the Justice Department under federal market chewing laws and warned that lower court rulings in the case threaten other prosecutions as well. Good. The case, graphing me, it will spread this business of I don't be like me, so when you hog and does, because I've had it been in my ice cream and I'm addicted to it and it's kill me. Okay, and I can't stop eating it all. I won't have any of the day. Hey, I don't have any. Yesterday. What? There's a thought. What? Suer than. Yeah, let's do all the ice cream. Make this almost dry. And a car by high grace. Let's just sue all the grass. They're doing perfect. And just like that thing with pringles, you can't eat only one. Would you wonder why can't you because they put all kinds of stuff in there to affect your taste buds so that it makes you raminous. We need the first one. You want to eat like 10,000 or at least 30,000. 30,000, right? Right. So when are they smitten, man? Oh, but they're trying to suck in the young people. I see. So in other words, all these cereals, these sugar laden, cereals, all these fast foods and all this junk food. And then they're trying to suck in the young people. For the ones as you will know, when Mama goes to the supermarket, for the ones that all mommy, I want this, I want that to pick that out, huh? Yeah. Let my work for some people. It's clear that all mommy, well, that's because you have discipline in your household. That's right. Super, thank you. Never anybody, including the wife, feeding the bats. That's just on the wife. Too late. Yeah. Dallas, zoo officials have decided a little competition may inspire a male Asian elephant to get into the meeting mood. Fort Worth's zoos, low-en Asian bull elephant groucher, hasn't said to can't for six years. And George Bush has he could say the same. So zoo officials hope that bringing another male elephant will sprocket flame between groucher and the female packet rooms. They're packet-erming it. A little competition has been proven to work in the rhino population as well, said Michael Fort Worth, who are these exactly the director. We just need to route her to get up to speed. Zoo officials have the attention to new suitor, but we'll choose one of two elephants from Florida's ringling brothers and vitamin Bailey Cedar for element conservation. How about you, neither her sister, organization, huh? No, never had. One of the educational freaking show this is, one of the zoo's female elephants, Russia, will pick her favorite from photos Wednesday. See a pick or favorite from photos? And zoo patrons can also vote for either Casey or Waja at Fort Worth Zoo.com. Pretty good deal. Enjoy some media. And that sounds like something I didn't answer to him. You got to catalog. Yeah, I've heard about that. Yeah, loader. It charged with the charm of aces. You don't see everything, guys. See, see that thing with the London and the future. We've been all night because even a BBC's now on Sodom right now. And next time, I'm Gamora. That sounds like a movie. That sounds like a movie. That sounds like a movie. That sounds like a movie. That sounds like a movie. What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century? And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments? Yeah, tribal sovereignty means that. It's sovereign. You're a, you've been given sovereignty and you're viewed as a sovereign entity. Absolutely. And they're for the relationship between the federal government and tribes as one between sobered entities. It's me, you wanted more country extensor and. It's not like mine. I'm going to try and get some rocket. deceive poor boys likecido fess troll. Color association. What type of attorney pains do you call those boys? I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, and I'm going to die, but I'm not going to die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, when I die, but what do I die, but I'm going to die, but I'm going to die, and I don't die, but I'm going to die, but But, for this you stop the storm! It's a lot that the NQM speed you know. No my steer stand might have been a long next man dog at four and then after that you don't want to know. Okay seven. How big are your puttin? I don't know. I thought for sure I heard you cracking your knuckles or cracking up or cracking the whip. Crack at the side. 120 votes not too bad I would say considering. I'm worth against it. I think that's what. One, this one is going to be a day that will live and inform me. If you imagine when a book comes out that can you imagine between now since it's already Thursday and the next Wednesday? The prodigious bomb was the wild, the historical guy who read us something in place. Oh man. Place on the fact. No thanks. 720 votes the thing I am least likely to do is have gay sex for 117, 58%. We believe you. Don't we? No. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We believe you. We just put it on there, but believe me. It'll I have a feeling you may start inching up the elevator. Like maybe some people want to change the boat. Five-tenth is season ticket. So far has got to be. So far. If I wouldn't surprise me, Giovis on a separate box tonight. Hockey intensive for three hours on QM tonight. Bye. Bye. What troubles you? It's Neil Rogers midday. I don't know. I don't want to spoil your fights. I don't want to kill anyone. My enemy is 4th out of the air. I don't want to kill you. Rock solid.