So now it's saying hurricane warning in Miami days. And we're before it's a tropical storm warning. I was a hurricane now, say, can't win. No, but they were saying tropical storm warning. The hurricane warning was up all night. And then about an hour ago on Channel 10, it said tropical storm warning from the fear field beach to Florida City. And now it says hurricane, but now it's a warning. Let me say it again. Now it's a hurricane. Yeah, but there was always a hurricane warning. Maybe it was a hurricane watch. No, for no, wasn't. Well, then they blew it. Well, wouldn't be the first time they scooted up. Anyway, it's important on Miami Beach right now. I'm looking at the radar right now. And maybe, uh, George said he looked out the window. It's not really quite yet there. It wasn't going anything here. It was not even anywhere. It will be in just a few minutes. Yeah, well, I'm not going to be here. Where's the other side? Very old South, which I would advise you not to do. And I'm going east. Do we east? That's really like I said Right. Right, Lou. Don't leave. I'm going South is a heavy duty. Red is in yellow zone of radar. I've gotten my radar loop. I got the loop to loop going. It's your bathroom working. My baths. the entire bathroom is down here I don't think I could handle all the load from that place believe me rather what the thought that is I got to go from here to my little bathroom about four seconds and if this continues I may have to in a second it's any any it's in the keys if there's anybody still there which there is there still people there I don't have any sympathy anymore you know when they tell you to evacuate and we've been through the Katrina thing and there are still people all well and they showed the bars were open last night a lot of my devalist reading there's still a bunch of drunks down there you know I have a big party well guess what maybe that was their final fling you know yeah feel sorry for those people you know the people in the world is a different story there are a lot of people who couldn't afford to get out and a mayor blew it with the buses and they're not getting the sick people out of the people in nursing home but here there with their zoos cues says there are no zoos or might hit the world again well you know now they're saying Houston yeah which would not be something you're all those people that are back right on Louisiana they went to Houston and about a being you know maybe it's like following them don't take it personal but kind of following them around oh the keys are really getting heavy duty right now it is just the blowing it's what Key West wasn't getting it well it is now I'm looking at the radar Mr. Hot dog I was watching the guy a money Mr. Gamber I'll tell you what I was watching a live shot on univision where the guy standing in Key West and the and the seas were calm there the vision my ass I was probably in Cuba oh by the way speaking of Cuba the I right now is directly if you would like to draw a line from the southern tip of the Florida mainland to the a set of Cuba that's where the I is but supposed to hit the key key west around noon so yeah this is the law before the storm well the I is gonna go just south of Key West on all though it's moving west northwest if it may just a little north west of the more jogged it could be weird and see the problem with Key West is they're gonna be on the right hand side when it goes by and that's where the real heavy duty rain is they're gonna they're gonna there are some nasty yellows and reds coming into even broward now just coming on shore and I would say Hollywood right by Jordan South see it's just about the hit key west it's just a little bit short of the what the I know the all the the outer band now it's already there oh it's already there in fact they're showing on CNN it's a blowing and rain and windy and puking it's a god you know he missed the first time he's gonna keep coming back to the gets it right he's really peeled the guy in tab and year was when they showed tab and year is your fat ass governor by the way we're gonna fix the impacts will extend far away from the circulation center yeah how's your son doing yet the he's still drunk I'm sorry he's not one of those key west bars they have probably he's on the wall street with your fat ass governor see how's the law coming yet is only one slot that he has expertise in right domestic one he's an idiot see you look for a good before forget I wanted it because Chris shankled I yes you saw that that's my book that's anchor yeah I had George right note about to talk about the somebody's shanker oh Chris shanker he died last week yes I didn't know that yeah the fact about yesterday the funeral was last Thursday oh well I'm a little bit behind you must have our inner you must have our internet no this is from a radio anchor's a matter of fact now that I'm getting a team inside radio every day it's your fault I'm here in the morning I get all these pages that I don't want from that inside radio I subscribed to the get the story I'm Greg leave it at the end of the year which there's like mixed rumors on that around a building you know because I think he just wants to get some attention is what it is you know that the license hasn't been renewed he's made all these brilliant moves the last four years and made some bad hired you know you want some attention I mean I sure wouldn't get that a lot if I had a station where the license was in limbo and made these bad moves over and over again but nevertheless he's small potatoes yeah so what we're going to ask me Craig shanker was 82 and infos seem a heavy smoker yeah and I told yesterday the story it's a truth because I saw myself and I'm thinking of myself it's almost like 50 years ago 49 years ago and this is what life is all about you know first you start thinking about things in a show and I was 10 years ago and all of a sudden it's like 20 years ago I'm thinking about things that have been 50 years ago that's bad that means I'm old but anyway he's doing a giant scheme because back in the day each there were regional telecast I'm like now the NFL and there were regional telecast but in each team had its own announcer right the networks yep and Chris shanker of cancels into the Browns games which I was a big Browns fan and Chris shankered into giant scheme so I'm watching a giant's play somebody and he says there was a great run by Gifford or somebody says he faked him out of his jock strap and then there was a long pause because this is in the 50s yeah and he says he faked him out of his shoes and it was so funny because it was kind of like he you know thinking by doing it the second time you forget that he said jack strap on life TV I don't know anybody didn't like that guy I mean anybody in the sports business yeah he was a friend of my dad's actually because my father covered the giants in the days when shankle was doing the broadcast right and so they knew each other very well he was always very nice to me and he's just but everybody like Chris shankle and the 58 NFL championship game between the quotes and giant yeah so two years ago Super Bowl was probably the best championship game ever played yep he did that and he also you know little Olympics and not your culminates is perfect 10 of the 76 Olympics in Montreal did horse racing too first to serve his lives for example from the Olympics in Mexico City 68 a dark ten ten also died former pirates first placement out of the other hell of a ball player he was the MVP in the 1969 World Series on Clinton died and somebody else died just oh I was gonna ask you is Jack what a crystal library died he is alive I have dinner with Jack every year at the Kentucky Derby really yep he does some work for for the package or who does a lot of the racing stuff and Jack just turned 110 by the way but he's a hell of a guy he's pretty sharp yeah he really is one of a great bright man always liked him but see it's interesting some of these people they have enough comments and probably probably don't do it by choice to get you know shoved out to past your things like that he's the worst once in a while not often yeah but they brought him back to do some horse racing commentaries and what about he would hell bro he was CBS's counterpart he was a little bit of a he's gone I did push him up daisy yeah did they go to the very like by the finish line well I mean some people sure that I guess that where you should be very when you finish I would have been down there when fat rich died it's attracted night I'd make sure that they have very disastrous at the finish line of pomp and a part when you think that would have been appropriate would have been yeah I sure that's what he would want and every now and then you'd like here this voice coming from undergrad I had the super I had this yeah if you're that boy or the voice gang come on wire yeah first you stiff you know something like that anyway their date is almost covered so if I were you I'd uh oh yeah I'm ready to get that out of here okay well let me go ahead okay have a good day say fry home and I can dry and sunny here it's beautiful man come use the toilet someday I might be right there okay see what's on top the Texas way I think it's on my way they died in the Louisiana I race fast with a team okay oh uh train up don't put the blame on me but they come from my vacation for up for the opportunity swing your partner round the round now build a swimming pool and stand up to the left to the right here we go swing a little mud out those you go oh uh train up like in those people please to the first of the easy and up and in this one you're right oh talk about your death long president's oh you ain't kidding goodbye George you gotta go me oh my own you gotta go home push that up and on the bio but you sure flew quick when it came to sit cherry shovel cube son of a bush is a food your tourist now say goodbye yo that's a drug it's what people round you play the round of relaxing golf oh he was a vacation I are a keys and like a pill full of keys that's a habit then to boot and no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario you was the one busy having burdened rational though you don't fast to gate at a later date that's real bullshit so I think you're such a white to one step don't you get locked up so it don't continue but no one will get playing like with ancient plane or hedge will roll apart and as for this if you slap on the wrist and no charges file what a surprise the euro liar no one gets fired with each new mess so no about it on you get told a slip in the poles that's no problem oh you'll fix it your spin the she will deal with new world means because that's their job as per usual son of a bush is a foot in your tourist you're an animal we just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no rainbow and a problem so you made it obvious that he can both do us you have your shame oh shame what's that it was with that swear you stupid jerk when people have died so the book you should be a piece and we mean pronto who is all a favorite get up out you're here jackass you jackass well said it's a 10 times 10 and five sixty wqm it's two days of� twenty another hurricane in Florida wow what a what a surprise yeah I'm talking to satellite presentation and pressure falls from the reconnaissance aircraft indicate that read his reach category one hurricane strength add on the saffers and hurricane skill I wonder who saffers and Simpson war by the way do we have any idea who hmm I wonder if that's Jim Simpson I bet you ain't going to him to know under he's still alive and anyway uh i'd stay inside I'd you know i'd hang around if I were you now I'm proud accounting it's not that much going on yet although you're going to get some of those outer feeder bands and uh some heavy rain anyway here's the eight o'clock there'll be a new one at 11 I'm really disappointed in uh the way it was handled yesterday but then again we don't care unless it has to do with ball games on qaim because i thought for sure a two o'clock that you know you said oh well NBC six our partners gonna have uh reported two and i thought they'd have the two o'clock advisory come to find out i find out this morning that there was a take 15 minutes ahead of time so if you really want to know what's going on in uh Florida you know uh any kind of emergency situation this is not the station you want to be listening to and we will do our best here between ten and two but unless it has to do with a ball game getting rained out or something like that forget about it go someplace else where you might find out because we haven't got a clue we just don't care and just so you know we uh you know it's finally hidden here uh look at that and i'm looking at it on my radar mister i'm right at top of it i'm just probably as it is uh we should uh lose your you should lose us don't be surprised now you're not telling me you're hoping man he's got his fingers crying you know it's in the ice cross and you know something so to why i'm rubbing those roses there we're doing the old grasshopper rub i've got extra lard rubbin it yeah just in case that transmitter goes off and we uh lose your folks good luck to y'all okay it's been nice knowing yeah oh the keys are getting a wild pretty good up here what the homper says he's uh you know a little bit in a lot of land this morning but uh either getting a heavy duty rains all through the keys and a big yellow is in reds come most of the day now rain like cats and dogs and you know we're also training George i get up how are you oh well i'm probably with a cube or forget about that if you can here's the a-a-m uh it isn't hurricane i just mentioned that category one tropical stormboarding in effect for the northwestern bahamas including the avocos and rose island very islands biviny elu through a grand bahama island and new providence hurricane warning an effect for all the florid keys from golden beats on the florid southeast coast south where the ace ace cape stable then northwards to chakaluski on the south west coast chakaluski and hurricane warning remains in effect of the Cuban provinces of iaclaada mantanzas see that they have aana and la habana a tropical stormboarding in hurricane watching effect from dear field beach florida southward north of golden beach actually should be hurricane warning now because it is a hurricane a tropical stormboarding remains in effect along the florida west coast north of chakaluski to englwood tropical stormboarding remains in effect along the florida east coast from north of the field beach northward of jubara island as well as for lake okatobi tropical stormboarding in effect for the Cuban provinces of iaclaada avala sainthi spirit to a cinflagos and pina del rio hurricane warning means that hurricane can do and we know what it means tropical snowing what that means to uh and a to clock this morning and there will be a new advisory 11 center tropical storm we did was located near led to 20 3.8 north longitude 80.4 west about a hundred miles east southeast of chie west read is moving between west and west north west near 15 miles an hour that's the only good thing is it's moving pretty fast it's all in as and the general motion is expected to continue for the next 24 hours on this forecast track center of redew will be passing near the lower florida keys around midday maximum sustain winds uh about uh well over 75 because now it's a cat one. tropical storm forest winds extend outward up to 120 miles estimated minimum central pressure 988 millibarice 29.18 inches storm surge flooding a 47 feet above normal tags along with large and dangerous battering waves possible in the florida keys in the areas of an shore flow coastal storm surge flooding a 3 to 4 feet possible along the extreme south eastern florida coast rain fall expected uh accumulation two to four inches over the western Bahamas in eastern Cuba storm troubles the six to eight inches with isolated maximum amounts of province is possible in the keys and central north western Cuba storm trail accumulation to three or five inches possible across the brown again let's see next advisory 11 or five dot it got it okay i'm looking at it right now right by you man i wouldn't i'd this stay inside i'd stay in cellos in the radio good plan if i'd let's just buy those two bits i started with all the transmitter goes over over eight you notice it's not interesting how the worm is turned now that the falls have gone now all these comedy bits not that the pull of any punches anymore the ripping him and ass a well deserved big fat juicy back home ass you know what's funny it's a good at timing they have you said a uh a request for a survey so i filled it out in the comments section i complained about how they're right leaning this out number the left one's like 10 to one from that you can't get a service not anymore they don't know not anymore they were getting with it 10 50 not that they suck up you understand not the pain or you're not sorry falling because i thank you please be seated i want to remind people that who might be listening that this administration is a group of frustrated and desperate people who kill innocent life and americans out of view it is such and now be glad to take some of your questions uh Terry wants you start thank you mr president uh as you know new Orleans is destroyed thousands are dead and countless families are now homeless i'd like to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem oh we don't have a problem let's ignore it sir my not remind you that you have a responsibility as a commander chief to step up and act on the people's behalf okay here's what i intend to do about it say thank you sir i'm curious if you're worried that your poor handling of her came to trio lead to your downfall in Washington DC how worried about anything here in Washington DC i mean i feel you're comfortable in my role as the president and my role in the president is to push terrible disease in order to destroy life and i have made my position very clear on that issue uh David thank you mr president thousands of strikers remains stranded in New Orleans surrounded by our own sewage and without food what is your administration proposing the eat duty this is thank you all for coming out enjoy 21 after 10 enjoyed it too tremendously and it's ran by you now oh yeah no it's pouring like how do you do do do do do do do do do do do do when reds are how we're doing and the people in brown and right now are thinking well what's he talking about there's nothing going on here yet but those outer feeder bands man the feeder bands are looking pretty and we're looking to that here's the result yesterday's pool 1595 vote we got over 1600 if i left this on there but what why bother what thing is living our dead person you admire most built Clinton 291 hey bubble we want you back we want bubble back now jesus christ 149 fdr 130 but thirty me long trio alberdine stand when eighteen ben franklin one thirteen ablinken 86 tannis 86 airsoft in the two together i think they were doing something oh jfk 76 Michael more 52 Peter north 51 he's been doing something lean order to venti fifty tannis Jefferson 15 rai ray gun 45 take of r36 and today set 35 jimmy quarter 31 George Washington had about thirty man George w bush 29 some real comedians out there or else maybe the just really dumb what is how he would would rain and wind some hurricane read out oh it's nasty by your judge by your house yet uh mark twenty five Elvis 22 Thomas pain 19 to me Henderson Cindy she and seventeen both of are going to be protesting in Washington pretty soon to me against the drug policies and city of course against the war in Iraq city rose about fourteen tinneth needle lyrics begin to drugs 11 john Adams our second president seven and father of our sixth president john Quincy Adams and Carl roe five five people they perverse well they admire his ability to fix elections things like that to manipulate the gullible public okay here's the ideal here's the latest on uh reader corned by herald which i'm really embarrassed at the sun sent all screw up on the school closing everything yesterday uh watch it's it's it's pathetic it's it's really sad now officially a hurricane read a closed it on a florida keys rocking ilamorata another island with powerful wind and rain it's sporadic spiral bands also swept you much this after a done they're doing it right now at least in date and bower it's coming soon four casher said read is the sustained winds cross the seventy four mile hour threshold shortly after nine this morning making it a hurricane though conditions in date bar we're not as perilous as predicted most residents he did warnings to stay inside traffic was like throughout the region that we used to was like coming to work yes well thank goodness for that state of all the road you idiot please okay here's uh see again ahead of me with these for like and we'll get to that uh the expected power outages began with thirty nine hundred customers losing electricity in day fourteen ever been uh uh power so far that's only the beginning in fact i think we may be going off the rainy second uh bands of rain and wind move through the area overnight continued to show this morning especially in the keys it is uh let me take a look yeah heavy duty in the keys i'd care what the um verse i'd take a look at that radar hopper wind gusts to fifty four miles an hour reported and pump it'll be to remind me beat four casher still expect three to five inches of rain in south florida and the keys authority said deteriorating conditions compelled them to recommend that anyone still there no longer consider evacuation too late to late to turn back now instead motor was there should immediately seek shelter get inside you idiots okay it's pouring outside so they're probably in the bars pouring inside i can't but i can't believe the bars are over last night cause they show what a bunch of degenerates and key west you know it degenerates four cancers at the key west national weather service office in sustain tropical forest storm winds above thirty nine miles an hour began to impact the upper keys after six o'clock this morning should reach marathon it says by nine here this is from uh just before nine so it's already there like i told you and lorkies by eleven o'clock soon hurricane force winds could hit the lorkies early this afternoon a floodbox has been issued for all the southward until six o'clock tonight tornado watch is also an effect for all the southward until five and the greatest risk of tornadoes will come this afternoon because the worst of the weather expected between now and three the weather is likely to be considerably worse in day than in brown will tend to deteriorate the more south one drives two days for the south you go the worst it gets although i'll say right that's not true right now that's what the hero article said and probably what they were reading but that's not true at all right now because the real heavy duty yellows and reds are like uh north like north Miami all the way across to the um western edge of day in the everweight yeah i would be crossing the alley then let's you go over to see joys because there's a good chance you will get joys to pick it on the alley so stay home sit around and get out the flavor wave cook up a bunch of stakes or we need or something just have a wini roast do whatever hell you feel like here's today's poll which we're hoping we get some additions to an lc what's this one facts are the builder burgers for real and uh was not a lot of conspiracy by non-terrorist neocons how do you want to put that was i'm loving a conspiracy by neocons i want to put that that's okay but the builder burgers i could live with all the k those aren't the kind of burgers i have my mind on maybe nice one these double cheese with bacon burger that sounds pretty good to me without the bonnet course so to pull today what one thing you want to know most before you die before you cropped before you go to that long dirt nap in the ground and the worms start crawling around and eating you uh we got two hundred ninety votes so far pretty laying but then again the fact we got anybody listening to this station in the middle of her can is a miracle what one thing you want to know most before you die is their life after death ninety seven is their life another planet sixty two who kills a fk fifty four is their really a god 32 uh one of the seven herbs and spices that the curl uses twelve will maybe go next door and find out if it's not so you don't tell me anything oh they don't like you're kind anyway what's the a secret of the big max secret sauce eight I don't know but it smells like barba bush how many licks does it take to get to the center of a titsy puff six that was George i'm just my spouse cheat on me six who kill cock robin five does my spouse know i cheat five i think that was George two and his Elvis still live solventy trace hundred years there's Neil Rogers this is five sixteen two you're fairie but should know the city of New Orleans yes some of the people down there say he failed steps the people in the astrid don't like cattle while half the national guard was in Iraq he's a funding for their levies who are solving anarchy in a room though we made a bigger deal insert for Natalie hallway one white girl we trained a life a leave a nest for help from the name he seems George first one vacation name in cropper i guess that's here though Ilioè Oh, DIVIA! Oh, I come from Father Jesus where it's at Taran Ninety. How they died in the weeds, he ended up high race passivity, Obey. Oh, God, DIVIA, don't put dogma in on me, but they come from my vacation for a photo of her two nitsy. Swing your partner round and round, now build those summits through the war with scouts. Swing to the left to the right, here we go. Swing a little muds out, though, she don't. Oh, God, DIVIA, why didn't those people feed? But the person will be easy and updated, this won't get right to you. Well, you'll be pleased to know that it's a finally-wraining and bra. I already tweeted that, I guess, how it would be. And up into Fort Lauderdale, and it's a storming here and our sandwiches showed up wet. But still wet sandwiches. Well, they're in white pieces of bread. If you don't like those, we've been sandwiching them. We're kind of dressing on the bag with wet. Oh, God. Where's the sandwiches from? How? How is, of course, the BLT's baby? Well, thanks very much. How is we love you. But don't do that again. Oh, easy for me to laugh. It's sunny and going to be 75 here today. It's a beautiful day. No rain, no tornadoes, no hurricanes, no, no these things. No earthquakes, no end of the world. Not see how to assignment. Visa install is that he was only 96. Oh, that's all enough. Believe me. Simon Visa install the Holocaust survivor who helped track down. Not see work criminals following company W2 and spent the later decades of his life fighting anti-Semitism. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And prejudice, oh. He died at 96. A statement on the Simon Visa install said a website said he died early. Tuesday and v. Austria. Early today. When more than six million Jews killed her in the Holocaust. Including 89 members of his own family. Visa and tell felt driven attract downloads involving the atrocities. And his book Justice Not Vengeance, Visa and tell wrote, survival is a privilege which entails obligations. I'm forever asking myself, what I can do for those who have not survived. The answer I found for myself and which need not necessarily be the answer for every survivor is. I want to be there mouthpiece. I want to keep their memory alive to make sure the dead will live on that memory. Visa install is credited with helping to bring more than 1100 Nazi work criminals to justice and too bad he should die now because the Nazis he really needs to round up are running America right now. What a shame. Look at that man. I don't want to get to know if it looks as if all of a sudden man. It's the blob. The big blob. The on the are you looking at the radar. If you go to Miami radar and click on and just to take a look at the the short loop or the long loop just to loop the loop and the fruit loop. Man, all of a sudden, Broward is just out of nowhere. Broward is getting spared. They're most of the morning and next to the few hours it's going to be a nasty. Till about three to seven and they're saying and the keys, but a hundred better where I read Justice altitude about life by the time you get home on. You're going to if you I wonder is he finally get a computer to break down and get a computer. No, no, no. Come on Hank. You know something I think you and Josh out of Chippin and the beast and buy him. Yeah, right. What? Well, that big raise Josh is going to be getting pretty soon. You might not even have to buy him that HD TV you're going to buy him. He could buy me one. Well, you're going to take it. Yeah, you'll take it all right. That's what I heard. That's what duck told me. Do you want that raise? But anyway, so the men, reds and yellows. See, it's interesting to look at it from a distance. See, I mean, I can be very dispatched at about it. I would stay inside this man. You people often palm each other thing. And what's he talking about? There ain't nothing going on here. Forget. Well, no, they're going to get some of this crap to especially in Velka. Oh, in Volka. Oh, it's where we have tough drive. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We all have a run. What? Volka Brian says it's sunny and beautiful there right now. Right. That's what I'm saying. But it's common. See, but just just like this thing with Broward, Broward has escaped in all morning long. And on the last, uh, no, I don't know half hour or so. This thing is really coming heavy duty coming pretty. It's going to be covered all Broward County. And of course, Dave County, forget about it. Just stay inside. Okay, just to choke a chicken or something like that and put it on the door to keep all the evil spirits up. What are those things on the door? What are those Mazuzum Azizah? Put a Mazuzah on each of the door frames. And earlier, a sensory Mazazah. Let's start marketing. Right. And the thing is, Mazuzah, you're chicken and nail it to the front of the door. Here's one of the gymaces for the pool. Jim, oh, yes, they sent us a graphic. What was a stupid fact today? A little bit better. Why are 50 million or so? Why is 50% of the public so dumb? Let's talk about it. The case system is called bad media. Bad attitude is what it's all about. There's no more premium on intelligence on eggheads. Now you've got to be a moron. You've got to be a job. You've got to worry about important things like ball games. Like we worry about here on QIN. USS, USS, EO, Gima to be moved out of New Orleans. We're not exciting just in, I see. And here in the meantime, we got this hurricane going. And now they're finally admitting that they don't know crap. Chad Betsy Everett was on her little while ago on CNN, and they're showing all the latest tracking paths, all the computer models, and they're saying, Houston or Galveston are most likely Texas now, but once it gets out there in the Gulf, he finally admitted, but we just don't have any idea. It could be like anywhere within 300 miles a while ago. This could be Louisiana again. Huh? Hmm? Well, that'd be something. Of course, Mayor Navian, he's a bit of a bit of a boop, but if I hit it, he'll come on back. Y'all come back and then come to fight out, and of course, at the business people, they local community, are been pressuring like crazy. That's what it's all about. The local business people. That's why he came into them and said, oh, y'all come on back, and let's start getting things going again, and get some commerce going on in the city. Again, even though it's very small, and of course, they're not ready to come back. Now, a lot of people were coming back to New Orleans, and they're driving back and all of us that they're stopping them and saying, turn around to y'all go back, where he came from. So these people are getting a vertical at this point. And they don't know where this scream or a choke of an end, right, I vote for that. WQAM, hello. Hello. How are you? Pretty good, sir. Um, yeah, before I die, um, I'd like to know if I can get. Okay, let's put that on. The hump or gay, let's put that on. I think the answer is, oh, that's my personal opinion. Not that I care what we're doing. WQAM, hello. Uncle Neil, Buenoslier, I got one for the poll. Okay. What did John see in Yoko? Excellent question, and so. Okay, thanks. All right, see. Now don't give me that answer. She is so me as now. What was pretty ugly, too. He was never so good match. Not behavior. Everybody, everybody, John, let it be. Could have anybody. No, exactly here. Tremendous town. Everything money, and all the good drugs, and everything, all the gurus and the, whatever the hell they were called. They're my horichis. Yeah, I need Yogi, but nevertheless, all I don't see John Lennon, those afflacks spot, like you see Yogi. That's probably because Yogi's still alive. Old number eight. Those were the days, baby. Yogi, bear up, Mickey, Madal Hank, Bauer. Let's reminisce with a Humper about that tomorrow. If he makes it through the storm, okay, I can't believe he doesn't have a computer yet. I'll tell you. Well, why not? He's stubborn. Yeah, stubborn. Yes. I love the Humper, but he can be stubborn, like what I'm trying to tell him that he, West, it's raining like, come. I'm looking at the radar right now, and he's saying, well, I just saw, listen, don't argue with the expert meteorologist here. Okay, who doesn't know crap? I ain't no Brian or cross. I'll give it to you that. A little more moisture than that. But it's, and look at that, Broward, all the sudden, man, he yells and the reds and they'd count it. You can't find a spot in date right now, where it's not raining. In fact, if you were, if I had tell Greg to go outside and like hold something metallic, hold something metal. Like the key to his car, up in the air, key to his Cadillac, up in the air, see if it's raining. Yeah. But he doesn't even have his Cadillac, like our own human lightning rod. Oh, I got so many things I could say about that. But I better not, because he's leaving in December, and I have a big gold away bag, and he won't be around for my 30th anniversary in the air, March 1st and next year, in South Florida. 30 years in South Florida, March 1st, and he will, he'll come back, right? Just for that. It's hard. He'll throw us a big bag, should some horrible trade-out spot. This is the only way to rush your answers. This is 5.62. 8. Hi, this is Governor Naur Schwarzenegger, with another California report. Over the past two weeks, we have watched the tragedy in trauma of Hurricane Katrina, and I thought this was fantastic. Maria and I love disaster. That's why I'm happy that entire communities have been destroyed. People driven from their homes, and the death toll is estimated to reach to thousands. In the worst days, volunteers were sorting out clothes, toys, bicycle's crayons, and markers for the children. I know many of you are also donating you a time, money, and everything you can to pitch in, and that's something we all need to change. We want to make it perfectly clear to the citizens in our society, helping out the victims of this tragedy. We will stop you, we will catch you, and we will punish you. For example, compassion, and the can-to-spirit will become one strike crimes. That means no excuses, no second or third chances to this one time, and you get life, period. What's important is that people struggle to meet the most basic needs like food, shelter, and clothing. Thank you for listening. No problem. A 1046-14 before level we got more if he makes it in from Bokeh today. Now, I will say this, Tom Beach County, Bokeh brand considered it in the look of the sun. Look right into it, Bokeh. But, in fact, even as I speak right now, it should be just offshore in the palm beaches, and then those outer reds and yellows those outer brands going to stare with the amount in the palm beach. I'm just telling you that right now, okay, so you're going to get whipped. Where is those sum of been lodging for the pool and they say, okay, where is the sum? Here, Mom. I see that Alzabahari was why here, that old Egyptian. He had another video yesterday, is anybody cared? No, he said, but a week, but it looked like that, and that was the symbol of crap. So, me, I'll tell you one thing, if we're still on the air, it's got to be a miracle. Are we on the air? We are. At least, we take, we are. Well, let's find out. It's one way to find out for sure, but anyway, because I'm seeing reds and yellows and purples and greens, and just all kinds of nasty, they've counted as like totally covered. Yeah. And I hope I'm wrong. I know I said this last time with Katrina, and I think I was right. Although there, see if the ash ended, it made like that left hand turn. Now, this one, Rita. Well, actually, the advisory set was moving north to northwest, and if I had any brains, I would have all we looked through and that break for the 11 o'clock advisor, because I bet it's on her. I'll do it. Right. But a little more to the northwest, which is not good for the keys, but we're not good for key west anyway. But so starting around noon in the or through the early afternoon, it's going to be like the end of the world in some places. And Dave County is going to give just tremendous amount of rain. So, are we going to have it in right now? And then once it gets out of the warm waters in the Gulf or it's like a water temperature, like almost 90, yeah. It's going to become at least a cat to probably a category three, and then who knows? They're finally admitting, well, we just don't know, and they don't know. They can have all the models that they want, but the Lord works in mysterious ways. Just jump in, Josh. Just interrupt. Yeah, what is it? Oh, by the way, there's no Howard David today. He's at a town. What does that mean? He's at a town. What does that mean? He's at a town. So he won't be here from 2 to 4. And I'd like to tell you the replacement, but they haven't figured that out yet. I see. No mode today, huh? I'll be there. No mode. Let me cross him out on the schedule. All we can do is stop the radio. There's just a keep his memory alive. He's at a town. What does that mean? What you said it kind of like sinister there? I just tell you what I was told. He lives at a town. And the world means or something like that. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Pretty good, Johnny. You guys are still on. And why would a quick question? I asked you, why are these asshole? Is that he's going to try with you? See, everybody knows. The flashbacks. Yeah, that's what he was going to say. And why do they got their flashers on? Okay, I'll do idiots out there, which he used a different word, began with a, turn your flashers off. Flashes is a illegal drive with your flashers on under the emergency lights. Those are only when you have an emergency. You pull off the road and you sit there waiting for help. And you put the flashers on. That's what flashers are for. Not driving with flashers on. We know it's raining hard in a lot of South Florida. And everybody can see that if they're dumbling up to be out on the highway, get off the road. Okay, get off the freaking road. Stop driving it. You idiot too. Excellent question. WQAM, hello. Any other morning, how are you? Great. Good to drive this, honey. Okay, I just thought I would throw them out. I'll have a something to see. I think the answer is, but the year's government has asked the state of Texas to grant immunity to the view purpose. We're on a modest place in case because these are head of state. That's what the world comes to, the livable thing. And it is just ridiculous. What are you talking about sir? I just saw I'm the scrolling thing. I was a member of the BTOB this morning. And I just saw I'm fucked. Okay. Yeah, let's not to convict the Pope of molestation. Okay. Just because you like to alter boys. What is this man talking about? Sounds like he must know the governor's son. WQAM, hello. 80 are you pretty good. I got to just call what a jerk he is, huh? Yeah. Very, very, very, very. WQAM, hello. QAM. See, I was going to take a lot of calls today, but I have a few of these. These people just, they can't handle it with all this bad weather. All the molest and extraneous things. They haven't, on a nice sunny dry day, they haven't tough enough. They have their son apart. Well, one thing you want to know most before you die. I got a good one for the fool. Why are most talk show colors such eight holes? Is that okay? That's a good one. Nah, see, that's something I would like to say. Yeah, very, very, very, very spending the from now on. Should you croak on that? Another week. WQAM, hello. Joseph, I can't keep a fuck. No, come on. Ha ha ha ha ha. What did he just guy try to say? Joseph, I can stop. Oh, that's what I thought he said. WQAM, hello. Yeah, they had a story about sapper from the sapper since the thing in the Harold yesterday. Yeah, and he's the weather guy. Yeah, who was he? He was the weather guy. Oh, what did I? Well, how come they don't call these Simpson, the, the, the, Norcross, whatever. Huh? Norcross, come all, uh, scale. Huh? What would they call that? You're fair. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6. Sam and Trey, that they would get 1000 calls on today. I have a pretty decent pile here, but who needs that, right? They don't want to hear me sit here and ponticate and read a bunch of stuff like president Saints in the ratings. All I might get to that one very soon. Again, just dropping like a rock, if you drop the gigantic border from the top of these Sears, tower in Chicago, it couldn't fall any faster than your president's ratings. And it's about time better life than ever. So I can say over 1900 American soldiers did, did I, I didn't do that. Did I do that? But I showed that out again. Oh, please, I got this habit of trying to get ahead of myself. I guess I threw that off. Eight more dead Americans, a fully four more soldiers. And already Schmidt can that story. I see this is your fault. I know, well, somebody's fault. Now let's point it on Hank. He's already, I can't believe the man doesn't have a computer. Okay, even with a little old ladies, even the little old grandma's got computers now. What kind of is life without the internet? How is it, compute say, buying like a power cord just last week and there was Seriously, a 90 year old man, right? The all kinds of PC accessories in there. So, you know, he had one like he had a new printer. He had all these wires. Yeah. The shop at the office. Like me, can learn to be computer literate and to be pretty much of a wizard on this thing. And how the hell come by the Humper couldn't do it. He can't just, it's called lazy Hank. Get with it. Don't be lazy. Lazy equals fat. And fat equals dead. Uh huh. I just mentioned that to try to get him off his fat ass. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 385 votes on a poll. So far, here's what we got. The one thing you want to know most before you dies, their life after that's 1.21. See, some of these already know the answers to it like that once a while, this is my time on that. Life after death, my ass. Is there life on other planet, 71? That's what I voted, even though I know the answer. Who kills a MK65? Is there really a god, 40? There is only. There was 9, 11, and the O'Con conspiration. 11 of the set of nerves and spices, the curly was a 15. They're finger-looking good. Why 50% of America's so dumb 13? That's moving up fast. What's a secret of the big mad secret sauce that smells like Barbara Bush. Who kills cock robinate? Does my spouse cheat on me eight? How many lichens have taken for the center of a twitchy pop? Seven. Does my spouse know I cheat? Five. Is Elvis still alive? Three. Where's this amount of blood in two? Is the Humphor gay, too? And where are top show collar such a whole one? Solomon, too. But that'll get more. Back on it or vote again. And again. They're going to prove it today. WQAM, hello. Yeah, don't come on out of computer. Didn't do him a lot of good. Yeah. He's talking about it. Great mileage out of that computer. That was great. You just found it. Well, I'll do the run chat room. Yeah, the wrong one. Yeah, he chat. Or someone who doesn't want to see it. Some of you QAM, hello. Are you sure that's a farm? Yeah, that's a farm. Yeah, that's a farm. WQAM, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good. Do you think, um, no. Because excuse me, I just had exploding diarrhea last night. Really? Well, it's probably an anticipation of renown. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. Really? Probably an anticipation of renown. Do you think white Brown's going to be good running back to the dolphin? Yeah. Yeah, off at that game on Sunday, he looked like Dino might have been. What do you get about a yard and a half? Yeah, he's experienced. He looked like diarrhea. Yeah. Yeah, he's not that bad. That's a real shot. But you got a good point. He looked bad. But he got dust for Rod. So what do you expect? I'll tell you one thing. Your chances are shot when you're starting gust for Rod. That's almost like about that. You might think he's a quarter back. Let me snort. So, uh, let me take another peek at that thing. Before we do the break, I'll get the 11 o'clock too. Okay, not that there's any hurry. We'll get the advisor. We'll sit around and read it and look at it and look at it. Look out the window if you want to know what's going on. Look at they can look at Brower now, man. It is red and yellow and uh, Wow. Heavy duty stuff coming. Those feeder bands. And of course, the eye is like, um, In fact, the eye is closing a little bit because it's, uh, Heading your key west. Hmm. There's mostly all them drunks smattered around all over the Wall Street. Uh, it's, uh, it's raining. Right? Right? And we're still on here. Which is a great miracle to do that itself. This is Neil Rogers, this is five 16 to 16. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is the brain. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, do do do do do do do Any question. Real American A-holes! We salute you, Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. We've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina is not to count on FEMA Director of Michael Brown. What can Brown do for you, Dad? Our parent leaves nothing, and that's what's left of the Gulf Coast. Nothing. 52 billion dollars has been allocated by the U.S. government, but you've created so much red tape, the victims won't receive it till money drops. But all is said and done. You will lose your job faster than you can say, equaler. And if there's any justice in this world, you'll be calling the Houston Asked Home to. So we salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. You'll clipboard your student, maybe blue FEMA shirt, and your comonter. You are a real American hero. Absolutely. You may come and stay about it. Well, yes, what? There must be some of those same kind of people that know at the National Hurricane Center, too, because the 11-clock advisory is not in there yet. See, they spoiled us during Katrina and during all previous hurricanes, every tender was like an updated advisory. It was always under by like 20-40 hours. And the very latest, the quarter of her, and the 11-AIM advisory is an under yet. I just checked everywhere that's possible. I can find it. But I'll keep her searching, you know. That's all we can do. There's your friend ask Governor Regan. Board of them understand this and are being cautious and have to be clear. But will pause your kiddo and buy the way Jeff's. He's got some action. The warnings of local authorities. I don't know if you're going to be able to start this. This is a good thing. I don't know if you're going to start this. Galois's detected is taking no chances. Now that's good. Look at that. It's starting to be a little on the esteemy side over there. What does that have to do with the hurricane? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. But there's some water. There's the ocean. You see the gulf. My, my, my, my. How's that pull coming? 400 in some of my votes. That's pretty surprising when you say Shocking is a matter of fact considering. I'm going to do. 434. I made them one of the great lines of all time. Miss Kamala had a computer. Didn't do her much good. Well, it did all a rest of us pretty. Oh, there's Ray Nagan on there again. He's looking around like a lost man. Like, but it would put it by do now. Geez. Why do you sound like a lot of pressure. He's under heavy duty pressure. So I can tell you. Like what's your name? What's the number? You're bar to roll. The markets are under pressure pressure. Oh, well, if anybody needs to be like, taking out. When it got taken out for like a dinner at Kentucky Fry. Oh, man, drop it stuff on the floor here. I'm just all over the place. A lot of pressure. You know what I'm saying? We're all under pressure. So I'm looking at the thing. I'm trying to find the 118. I don't see it. There's the 8.0. I'm still up there. What is with you people? The National Hurricane Center. Okay. Didn't that frost your ass? Because to me, I want the 11 o'clock on there. I want to pretend that we are in touch with something like that. No, her cane read the advisory 10. That's still the 8 o'clock. Come on. There ought to be an investigation of this all over here. We're not going to be a part of this. Or about 100 miles east northeast of the city of Havana. Read as moving towards the west near 15 miles for hours. So that's different right there. It's been moving west north or west or late. And now it's moving more due west. That's really good news because that could possibly keep it a little farther away from key west. The farther away we can keep it from the keys. The better off we're going to be ultimately, but of course you're obviously feeling the impact of it. Tropical storm force wins. 45 miles per hour. About 30 minutes. Some 50 to 60s we think in some of these outer bands. They begin to push in across parts of South Florida. We're going to zoom in on some of these four. Yes, we're doing a lot better now in Miami and up towards Miami Beach. And the Hollywood and Fort Lauderdale you can see the outer bands now. It's standing a little farther up to the north and heading on towards coral spring. This outer band that's going to be a little strange. That's producing the head. Yeah, pop it on the fall. Thanks. I certainly limiting visibility. I wanted to insist for hour. We may get a little bit of flash flooding on the roadways here. So not a great time to go out and travel right now. Wait till these thunderstorms pass. You're looking okay right now in Miami and into the downtown area. We've also seen some of the heavier rains a little farther down south into the keys. Plantation key. I just got nailed with a very strong thunderstorm. But these are moving so quickly. So it's kind of splash and dash. It's hitting you. And then it's moving on out. Fort Cast Track. Let's take a look at this. This is the updated track. You can see the category one as it moves near the keys through the floor to straight into the Gulf of Mexico. And it looks to me. I just got eyeball in this. I'll have to crunch the numbers and take a closer look. But it looks like it's definitely seen much farther south than the earlier forecast tracks. And then curve and back on up to the north. It looks like the ultimate position. However, it's relatively the same with landfall probably late on Friday or early Saturday morning. Well, thank you so much. And I still it's still out on their website. I don't know what website they are really slipping bad must be at rapid port went to sleep or maybe max may feel the two of them. Maybe they're sleeping together. Okay. For the pool where does WQM find some of this so-called talent it says? And then as an example it says. Don't forget no mode today. He's out of town. So according to Josh, he put in his out of town. Clarence. No clearance city was out of town. Well, what does that mean? I won't be on him. I'm going to be out of town. But we got somebody come up and two maybe it'll be clearance from two to four. Maybe it'll be Curtis or maybe not maybe it'll be Lenny Martins. Maybe it'll be Joe Zagaki. Okay. And maybe it'll be a guilty. And never know. So there's a little hook okay. Stay tuned to find out. American views of a president Bush and his leadership have soured in the wake of this may or the government's response to her came between the course of the war in Iraq and the future of the economy. All of these things. And of course those great gas prices thank you so much. All of these things. Bush is ready for handling each of those issues dropped to his lowest yet in the USA that they see an in Gallup poll taken Friday through Sunday. A assessment of his personal qualities also fell for the first time in majority says he isn't a strong in the size of leader. He's like a lying moron. What he is a dumb bow a simple thing a quizling Bush is overall approval rating is a 40% equaling the previous low in this poll anyway there was one of the newsweek 38. His disapproval is a new high 58% disapproval. That's how the election all over again. What do you say? All right. Now where is this that there's short cycles and cars that probably we see inside somewhere because we do expect as a storm is intensifying and still moving fairly close to key west although what Jackie was saying is certainly good news if that track holds to the south. But we're going to be on the north side of it. But because key west is further to the west as the island chain moves. We're getting some of the worst of the weather later in the day than they are in the middle keys in the upper keys. For example about 70 miles north here in Isla Marata. The police are already reporting the state patrol state troopers reporting some overwatch on the road the overseas highway there and urging motorists to stay off the road up there. You get off the roads you idiots you lunatics you maniacs. Anyway speaking of lunatics, Bois stands at a pressipus as Carol Dora dea of the nonpartisan Pew research center. I think that's appropriate. Don't you the stench of the administration is being measured by the Pew research center. He's lost route among the dependants. Seems to be starting to lose route among his own party. He lost the Democrats a long time ago. By record of 66 to 31% independence disapproval of the job he's doing. Of the polls respond in 30% But turn man said that we're Republican 33% independent 36% democrats. Survey show signs of friction between the two most pressing concerns on Bush's agenda. The Iraq War and the Katrina recovery. A 54% majority says the best way for the government to pay for her came relief is by cutting spending for the war. Just 6% supports spending cuts and domestic programs. His Bush is suggesting nearly 2.3% of those polls. 63% say some are all of you as troops in Iraq should be withdrawn. A record high 59% say it was a mistake to invade the Iraq attack. They are a couple of people who were still boarding up some windows or putting up their shutters. They may have been waiting since it was a drop of the country. They're waiting down. They're waiting down. They're waiting. They're preparing their businesses and their homes. We drove the first part. We're losing the story about that. Dan Losing and whatever's named it. 560. What one thing you want to know most before you die before they stick your fan ass in the ground. That's our full question today on theorogers.com. How come this is another clock is in here? Do you found it? No, I have not. That's because you're not looking for it. We'll find it anyway. I'm going right to the Noo website, the National Mother Service. It's still got the A to clock corner. What is with you people? Are you crazy or what? God, it is slow. They used to give us some pretty, not still the A to clock. And that brother was on CNN before that's why I put it on. She had the 11 o'clock. She had it in her hand and they advised me to. So at least she had something. WDQAM. Hello. I've honestly tried to give Joe Rose and Jimmy Sepulot try. Jimmy Sepulot? Yeah. It's terrible, Neil. Yeah. Probably should be the other way around. Joe doing the play by play. Yeah. Jimmy doing the play by play. You know, I'm still doing the color now. She's got a cool thing. Here in the summer one in the stumble in number 10. She doesn't get all the time. It's always a good time to give the numbers on a radio. One for a sports broadcast. Well, they're into that. It's a jack caressy man, it's the comtee ticco take over. This isn't the terrible can't open with it. I agree. Thank you so much. Of course I couldn't listen to it if I wanted. Do it. That's one of the great and other great thing about an api and soft 40s. You can't hear 790. Oh, thank God for that. I can't hear this day, today time I want to. I just come in a studio here. I open up the pot and I smoke I mean, I listen to it. It's wrong with that. on any kind of a Japanese make as mayor there. What is that? Not a relationship that we've seen between the mayor of New Orleans. For the people and that's a few. What about 13,000 people? American, US, as 13,000 idiots are still there. Like I said, I have no sympathy for those people unless there was some extending circumcised that they couldn't get out which are really down because they had the buses there. One thing about your fat ass governor, this is the one thing he was I'm credit for that. He was on top of this because he knew he damn well better. But you know, they just, they just stubborn. Just look at that. Are you watching this thing from QS? Residence. No, I'm on that way. We do it in a phase. We're doing the lower keys in QS first. And there we go. Move gradually. 85 mile an hour. We're going to pick it up. That's the reason I'm always. It's because we have to have a plan in place. We can implement it right away and we have the support of the state of the state government in our implementation of our, of our, of our, of our, of our federal movement of whatever he says. Permanent. After 11 at five, 60 WCM just stay home. They off the roads. Don't be a jackass. Okay. This is not today to be a hero. To be a moron. It's not like a major. It's not a category four or five. It's not one of those. The world's not coming to an end. But we said that when Katrina came through Florida too, right? We go we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're he'll hear and that wasn't my doing Treyyy, you idiot you quizzing you fair right. I pressed rank for it, but it means he's an expert. All of a sudden it gets a couple hours on a weekend. He's a expert broadcast, then I was going to be instructions. I gave, I got news for you to a, Troy. She said you know Roy whatever that man, I'm not sure what you're, yeah, we asked her about you and she said he sure ain't know Roy. So, put it away. Twelve minutes past 11 at five at six, you w q a m, how did you sleep last night? In a recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation fewer than half Americans repork it in good night's sleep most nights. Now one of the primary reasons not having a comfortable supportive mattress like a new Simmons VD-Wrest queen set from our good friends at dial-a-macress. This Simmons VD-Wrest features individually pocketed coils so you won't feel your partner moving during the night. Now price is just $5.99. Like when your partner slips out of the sack and goes out to meet somebody in the motel at 3 in a morning. This is for limited time only so pick up the phone call 1-800-MACRUS right now and see you want the kneel deal that Simmons VD-Wrest for just $599. Plus a portion of every dial-a-macress purchase will be donated to her king continue relief when you call 1-800-MACRUS you'll get send-A delivery all across software by calling 1-800-MACRUS you'll choose from the deepest selection and you still pick the date and time for the benefit your schedule when you want them to show up to a tour window and their there. And dial-a-MACRUS continues to be on time 99.7% of the time. I've used them for years just about everybody else at QM calls 1-800-MACRUS when the mattress wears off and you ought to be doing the same. Log out to mattress.com or give dial-a-MACRUS a call right now at 1-800-MACRUS mattress have a great night's sleep for years to come starting as soon as tonight on a great new bed from dial-a-MACRUS 1-800-MACRUS TTRES leave off the last test because it stands for Stu Fendus savings. This is the kneel Rogers. Females were nowhere inside. Females! Even with one aim the theme is boss-bars and bright. When the storm was over, water was everywhere. But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there. They be femun. They were all the contests. They went to Hall of Britain. Females! Response more quickly when it's rich people hurt them. When it's rich people hurt them. Females! It's 11-19 finally and I had to go to the Sun Sentinel website. I'm off of that Noah thing. I think they're out building the arc. I had to get the advisory number 11 to the 11th time from Sun Sentinel. The King warning remains an effect for all of the four decrees. It really becomes the 9th hurricane of the season. From Golden Beach on the Florida Southeast Coast South Florida East Cape Sable, then North War II took a loss key on the Southwest Coast. So I just am reading these now. This is because I like to say in Fakalowski. Now that we know how to pronounce it right. Do it. See we've got something last two days I'm in show on this highly educational show. It's Takalowski. Or is the governor of Sun would say, Takalowski. Now what do you say? A hurricane warning remains an effect for the Cuban provinces of Montana. The sealed I'd day Habana and La Habana. A travel storm warning means an effect long before the West Coast North and Chakalowski to Anglewood. A travel storm warning means an effect long before the East Coast from North Golden Beach Northward in Jupiter and La Valleys for Lake Oca Chobi. A travel storm warning means an effect for the Cuban province of Piniel del Rio. At Levitoclac all warnings for the Bahamas have been discontinued and for the Cuban provinces of Sivoday, Avala, San Tisquirtus and Sianquagos. At Levitoclac they hurricane watch from Dufield Beach South through the North of Golden Beach has been discontinued. Hurricane watch from Dufield South for the Golden Beach has been discontinued. Hurricane warning means that well we know what it means. At Levitoclac a center of Rita was located in your latitude 23.8 North, longitude 81.0 west about 75 miles southeast of Key West and about 100 miles east northeast of the city of Habana, La Habana. Rita's moving toward the west near 50 miles an hour like that bitch said on that nice lady on Sianin said, that's good news. Because it would start a little more northwest man, the I would have been right over Key West not good. General tracks expected to continue during the next 24 hours on this track to core of the hurricane and be moving over the Florida straight between the city of Avanna and the Florida Keys today. However, the strongest wins associated with the northern I wall expected to impact forces of the Florida Keys directly. Did you hear what I just said? Florida strongly. The Florida strongly associated with the northern I wall expected to impact forces of the Florida Keys directly. Maximum sustained wins of increasing your 85 miles an hour with higher gusts. Rita is a category one on the Sanford Simpson Kamal scale. The first strengthening forecast rate of the next 24 hours. Hurricane force was extended upward to about 30 miles. Not 30 minutes. And we said a entropco storm force was extended outward to 120 miles. Some barrel key recently reported to sustain wins of 59 miles an hour with gust up to 72. Where does that some barrel key? Probably in their keys. Minimal essential pressure reported by Air Force's Kana Sons 982 millibars 29 inches. Storm surge flooding of 4 to 6 feet of abnormal tide levels along with large and dangerous battering waves possible in the Florida Keys and areas of unsure flow. Coastal storm surge flooding a 2 to 4 feet possible along the extreme southeast and Florida coast. Redis expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 6 to 8 inches over the Keys, central and northwestern Cuba isolated maximum amounts of 12 inches. Rainfall amounts of 3 to 5 inches possible across the South West Florida peninsula, rains expected continued to diminish across the Bahamas. Damn it. There's a possibility of isolated tornadoes over South Florida Keys and immediate intermediaries. The intermediaries will be issued at 2. I'm sure we won't have that. We'll pay you a take that we recorded from NBC 6 to about an hour before and you can like cover yourselves accordingly. I'm embarrassed to hear that. Okay, here's that story that I just glossed over. A. The Americans, including four troops were killed yesterday by bombs in Iraq. U.S. officials and Baghdad said that a 4 troops decided the second marine division were killed in Ramadi. That brings the total of 1903. We're over the 1900 hump and well on the way to 2000 now, Americans who have given their lives were absolutely nothing based on a pack of lives for the Neocons. And thank you again for those very low bargain basement oil prices. Price is the property reported by the oil companies making feel so much better about life. Okay. I say to the Department of Employee and 3 security contractors were killed Monday by a suicide car bomber in the North and Iraqi city of Mosul to others in the convoy wounded as well. So eight Americans in Iraq are the idea today is the tool keeps continuing on and on and the old quite frankly, the hurricanes, even though the ratings are dropping like a rock for real presenting, this is kind of a diversion from all the done in bloodshed and violence in Iraq, isn't it? Yes, it is. I just want to mention it. And speaking of those low gas prices, crude oil food, a future surge more than four dollars the biggest one day price jump ever. I mean, worries that redist strengthening off the Bahamas could hit U.S. or facilities in the Gulf Mexico later this week, striking another blow and then this week, struggling to recover from Katrina. Which mark lights, sweet crude for October delivery rose $4.39 in one day to settle at 6739. In fact, we can probably look on it right now and see what it is on the gambling channel. Do you want to fight out? There's the gambling channel. Take the eye. It's docile. You're not worried Professor that that sends a message of maybe concern about the health of the country. Oh, about about 34. There you go. I mean, it's rain. So 6535. I told you everything is fine. Just relax. Okay. Just give them the F and money and relax. Okay. How's that pull coming? Kind of a disdointed children. And again, all right, those who happy would know of course, no, it was a drunk. Really? What? The guy to tell a drunk to go build a big ship like that. Well, who else would have? That's true. 400, maybe could have gotten Bush's son if it would have happened later on in history. 494 votes on a pull. That's kind of weak. Especially since you're like captive audience today, they've got to stay inside. Maybe they're watching TV to try to find out what's really going on. Maybe they're on a list. The one thing you want to know most before you die is their life after death, 143. Is their life another plan? Well, I know. Now, another thing that did this pull, yeah, is that a horseshoe or a four leaf clover that Greg has up his spectrum ass. Okay. No, isn't that a good one? That, are you want to word it? Is it a horseshoe or a four leaf clover that Greg Reid has up his ass? Got to be one or the, maybe both. I don't know. But that's a good one. All right. Find out the answer to that. Is their life after death 143? How about is their intelligent life on this planet? Not forget about that. Is their life on other planets? 88. So, Kool Kool JFK 79 is their really a god 52. 150% of America's so dumb 28. That's part of it by the way, the God squad, keeping people like him that hoaxed pocus, you know, like the people who rub their hands and grow along those, uh, alarm and glass on the slot machines. I still, those people still send me right to the bull. What are the 11 herbs and spices of the curl you to 16? I'm going to use them any more. And be more. A snake over a gate 10. This is my spouse, C.D. on me 10. How many licks does it take to give them the center of a law of Tutsipop 9? It's the secret of the big, mad secret, sauce 9. I bet your barber Bush no, mad nose. Tastes as let those slippers eat it. It's good enough for them. Who killed Kock Rabinay? Why are Toshio color such a hole? 6. There's my spouse, no I cheat five. His Elvis still live for. And whereas Osama Yamama, solamente trace. I got a song for you. Forget I played that. All right. Just pretend you didn't hear that. Well, I hate we're under a lot of pressure today. Okay? And in fact, like that thing. Daniel, I'm thankful pressure on his show is about, oh, I would say about third man. Hey, if you got about 30 strands of hair left on your head not too much more, you're probably need their good buddy Charles Alfie. You can go buy those dangerous drugs and take them and they'll really propish your off because nothing's going to happen. And you might even crow from them to probably get your blood pressure smoking. And then you can have the holes real in your head when your blood pressure goes up. The blood drips down your forehead. You look really classy. Or you can have those nasty looking muscrats on your head. The answer is tuck Alfie or his natural hairline system. The new skin like hair system is 100% on detectable. It's like we'll hear that's going out of your scalp. The best system ever invented. And you have nothing to lose but that shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look so much older because Charlie offers you the guarantee. You try his hair system for 30 days. But two minutes after a month of year, all of the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting laid 40, 50, 60 times a day, return for a full refund. Make to call today 1-800-321-2413. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the New York Times show and get your summer special QAM $200 discount off the regular $800 price of the natural hairline system. Don't forget the secret to a great head of hair is make sure nobody can tell it's a piece of a real thing. And the natural hairline system is his naturalest case. Call today and get your hair back from Chuck Alfie or it applies to you for 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 around the wicked web getting more info by checking out CharlesAlphieri.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-15-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8 Oh, come on, I'm watching my hands again. OK, I'll be in the car. All right, ready to go. Let's take it. Uh-oh, did I lock the door? All right. Just for me and I. I gotta make sure. What are you doing? I'm watching my hands. Don't overthink it. See the old CD this far. Come on, cops. Are you ready now? Uh-oh, did I turn off the stove? Yeah, I'm gonna go as my hands. Rockin' with a door. You're gonna put that back here also. Number 32. This is gonna well, let's see. First Chris is for the pool. How did Mogus such a look at your contract? I'm gonna put that on here. All right, I guess go ahead. How did Mogus look at your contract? Now speaking of all the dot dot dot. Not just just not top of things. I'm a little mighty tech to work in my head here and I'm thinking of myself We're would mold me today. You know, we're we're moldy and of course last time we had two NFL games right for the price of one right Well, I wasn't he working those games on radio on some bogus. I mean some of great network. How the hell would I know? How did you parton? How did I help? What I know you're supposed to be our liaison our contact to the sports world. You're like on the periphery of the sports nerd world On what caught on what games? Mohour David calls well, I mean he's doing something right. I thought I here so isn't it very possible that he did a game last night But it's very possible well if he did a game last night He certainly probably is out of town and wouldn't make any great effort to come back fast, which I can't blame him for that And maybe he can't even get in right now because of the hurricane. All right. I mean, Garrow could have told me that Well, what is well, why doesn't he tell you that? Let's get the information out here for the audience. Okay Let's not just give this crap about well, he's on a town or he's suspended or we know everybody wants to know who's on first and who's on second And all we get is a bunch of double talk and that's because they don't even know who the hell are gonna put on it to a clock They're probably doing the Indian rain bands out there in a programming or if it's hoping that the transmitter goes out for a couple Also, we're gonna have to pay anybody to do it and then we'll just run this fast before mad dog comes on mad dog at four 635 Marlins on deck followed by the Marlins in the Mets Now that's interesting because it's a 635 to 710 Marlins on deck and then 730 games on what are we doing for the 20 minutes in Between well, I'm talking about the hurricane Marlins at the Mets tonight some time around 7ish for 730 that any can't do the baseball again Nice going thank you Houston for losing the girl's team last night seven nothing. I was embarrassing I tell you about those throws man. Yeah They're just the bizarre the throws Let's see race is check out Scoonerwurf.com for live streaming video of re-degiving keywest a big blow How do you like that? That's the webcam? Well, I don't have time to do that, but if you want to do it go right ahead or maybe Hank can do it when it gets a computer Look at that you think Georgian fortunately strong at a size of leader They just hit on there and about four people said yes, and they're all in this family wait When you hear this story you're gonna be so pioid. I'm positive. You're not gonna be happy. All right Anybody believe there's still free speech in America? No chance and here's the proof in New York Police cut short a speech by anti-war activist Cindy Sheen and arrested a rally organizer Saying that he hadn't obtained a permit for use of a loudspeaker She and his 26-day vigil near president Bush's Texas transport anti-war protest around a country had nearly finished Your speech yesterday and police intervened Supporters ushered her away from the rally and Manhattan's unions part a square part as onlookers Yelda police and chanted letter a speak what her speak? I'm like those idiots that were yelling let us in and they counted those and not these that they brought in from out of town rally organizer Paul Zulkovitz was charged with all of our on authorized use of a sound device And disorderly conduct he was given a court summons and released a detective Kevin Yasky she and who said was hell we know about that money right they cut off and it's You don't have no permit to speak hairy at it first if she did just kind of on a soap box in the start Yelda then she could have you know they do that all the time but she had a loudspeaker Oh, there's your president. There's Air Force one with his 85 visit to New Orleans from the number two Democrat in the Senate Addict Durbin essentially laying out the political strategy by the Democrats that is in the fact that they see a very weak president now And they're essentially two years old man That's how many people still have You let him continue to be a week perhaps Have the problems that he's already involved in a continue to boil up or you can engage and attack You know how about coming up with some alternative solutions deck that would be a good idea How about coming up with a platform where you're on the Democrats the week need the jellyfish Democrats They release suck most of here some good news for you more and see this we have bad news not good news See in in the Yang the in and the out The Bush administration tap error procurement official resigned Friday was arrested yesterday Accused of lying and obstructing a criminal investigation into Republican lobbyist Jack Abramolce Dealings with the federal government. It was the first criminal complaining file against the government official in the Young of encryption probe related to abermost activities in Washington They complain filed by the FBI alleges that David the South Fabian 38 a White House procurement official involved until last week in hurricane Katrina relief efforts made a repeated false statements to government official and investigators about a Golf trip where they were off to Scotland in 2002 What I always tell you about those golfers beware beware and look at the hair You know, I'm saying it also Contents that he concealed his efforts to up a brim off a quiet control of two federally managed properties in the Washington area Abram office the first identified as lobbyist A in a 13 page after David and seal him court of corn assertors Now to vote about the probe until his resignation on the data criminal complaint against him with science Safavian was the top administrator at the federal procurement office the Washington House office of management and budget Where he said purchasing policy for the entire government isn't that great the fox garden the chicken coop again The rest occurred to the someone Alexander Reavorginio a man who answered the phone there yesterday hung up when we reported a guest as speak to Safavian a man Oh, how do you like that? Abram office and died did by federal prosecutors in Miami last month and only the charges a wire fraud and conspiracy remains the lynch pin of an 18 month probe by federal task force that includes the internal revenue service Interior Department and Justice Department's fraud and public integrity units is learned and respond to phone calls seeking comments So there you go, there's a little piece of the news is off. It's all like a deafening card's man is all coming on glued the whole neocon Kabal they're coming on glued how's that storm doing I'm gonna get back on Miami radar? How's it? Is it blown you got the big blow? Oh, I see it and they got it's just swirling. I don't mean seeing and I got seeing it and I can do that. I'm oh geez Look at that George. Oh, man. You better take a big green ring or if you want it. Yeah, the big red blob Oh, no, it's so yellows and greens and oranges and I'm gonna start looping it I'm doing the old loop to loop. Let me take a look and see what you folks will kind of source you got going on there look at that and all the way up now I do Well not to Palm Beach County yet I'd say right now. It's about like a half way almost a four-larght hill in Broward and Scott those yellows and greens will be across But the fact it's moving to West is gonna be a help. Yeah, it's moving fast and it's a different along 50 miles an hour So just to stay inside okay don't be a moron don't complain to us and everybody else in poor little Brian Norcross He's got enough and Miss Kamal don't be playing all these a weather fairies because it affect that you're too stupid to come inside out of the rain God, I'm so tired of people with her excuses. Well, but I mean, but I won't put either I had a doctor's and from I'll tell the doctor I'm I'm okay. Just stay home and take your couple of pills in fact The unless you go see the doctor probably the better off you'll be and we got like an emergency on away the hospital stay home They'll kill you in the hospital trust me. If anybody knows but look at those oranges and greens I think that pretty it's a pretty sweet not pretty if you're in it though Now let's see where the house key West key West actually right at the moment. It's it's still raining But it's kind of like a mixed bag I guess it could probably like step back a little than look at the long range loop You could and I am well I just love this this radar. It's a beautiful thing Yeah, QS get like a little reprieve, but there's a lot more coming especially with the Yeah, there's like a second eye. You know how that sometimes happens. It looks like a second eye. Yeah, and it's Real close to key West. I wouldn't be there and if you're stupid enough to stay there well all we can say is good luck to you It's Neil rock under flowers. That's it. Let's make some Staffordials and it cansy and while I As I'm I fake for a plow by race alias O-B t Activation more up for the water 220 sorry your partner. Round around now gold little'] Given to the rest of the rachi Did we go say a little Munugrad we said oh oh lightning those people To the person Right Friends, we say he was swaying, the ex-foot swaying, and let's got junk down! We can't get into that limit, just to be a big and holdin' way, keep junk funny down! It wasn't stupid back, and now we're gonna have us on point eight, one junk junk down! We're gonna broken back, one of the settings we've applied to the front, one junk down! We're gonna break up down from the upper deck, one to the other, and jump playin' on! You ain't in the side away! We're watching the egg, you fly! It was in the gate, and that again, the light, and the door was in the face, and had a horrible blade, so you're gonna leave from the upper deck, keep steaming, and you're all like a rock-thin' feet! Oh, got you strong, you're still got strong, you're all beatin' strong! We've got junk down, we're gonna have the rest, just to be a big and holdin' way, keep junk right down! It wasn't stupid back, and now we're gonna have us on point eight, one junk junk down! You're gonna break us back, one to finish, and the light, the punch, one junk junk down! From the upper deck, one to the other, and jump playin' on! Okay, so I screwed up, I finally last one, I looked at my radar here, it's hard to tell where the county line is, when it's covered by all emreds and yellows and greens and blues, anyway, all of Broward, it's a rain and some, although, you know, not real heavy duty right now, most of it. But it's up at a pond beach now, but you're called Bokabron, you'll find out that it's house blue away. I'm there. Also, we've been talking about the impact of the East Coast of Florida, but look, the West Coast has to look for that as well. That's correct, there's early morning, when I got up at my house, we had a strong van come through, that brought us in tropical storm force winds, and now we're getting some pretty strong vans, especially in the Miami-Dade County, that could even produce some herking force dust. So, the top of the storm morning, that we have for a Broward and Palm Beach counties, and the herking morning for Miami-Dade County, are certainly warned to give in how far out the winds extend from the center of this hurricane. When I would say there's like some heavy rids in yellows up into Palm Beach County, just across the bar of Palm Beach line, because we don't want those folks to be left out. Now, officially a hurricane read a roll through the keys today, but it's dangerous, Corridor, a little farther away from Key West's development that partially covered it in residents of that vulnerable island, those idiots, those Yahoo Rednecks, who are sitting around getting slashed to stay in their trailer parks. I don't even want to go in with. Nevertheless, the storm rock, the low line island, Shane with powerful wind, highs, easing, slashing rain, see what are already covered portion of U.S. one, the overseas highway. A chocolate tin ocean, a chocolate tin in, I wonder if that's from the, they breathe from New Orleans, you think? Oh, no. Oh, yeah, they might back up all the way across the Atlantic, all the way to Chuck a lot there, right? Yeah, in fact, even some of them European people might see it. A chocolate tin in ocean, filled with debris with angry waves across the narrow stretch of road in Anamurata, C.O.X Beach, the road clean and pristine in the early morning clean and pristine, was caked with seaweed, garbage cans and beer bottles by 10 o'clock this morning was nearly impossible. The hurricane sporadic spiral bands also swept through much and soft blood with a, particularly intense band advancing through Dave and Broward between 10 to 11 this morning. We were talking about heavy bands. We're expecting we to to throw some very bad weather to our day, and even Broward said Forecaster Richard Nav, that's who is just under the National Hurricane Center in West State, released a period to be awake as opposed to those other two underheads. The day the Mami Day, the expressway authority closed westbound lanes of, our lanes of 18036, the Dolphin from 87277 Avenue is the same way that closed after an under construction bridge collection in Katrina as you'll roll, roll, roll, roll, roll. That disaster, that's a buckle. Many flights were canceled at Mami International, see that's probably why Mami come back in. I'm trying to put this together for being the Charlotte Holmes that I am. He can't make it back in. Right. I would be surprised if he was doing that game in New York, the New Orleans, the giant scheme last night. Find out Josh, call out any of it in there and see what the deal is on it. I bet you did one of those games last night. All right, I'll see what that. And what's with those Dallas uniforms anyway? What is that? And they like try to take it old school. And American Legion team or what? They're picking them said that they win that game or what? No, they lost. Who is that game in? Oh, they were at Skins. The rest can. Anyone preparing to fly out of South Florida. They should check with the airline before leaving home. You know what I just said? Anybody, uh, planning to fly out of there to check the airline before you leave home. Because otherwise you might make a wasted trip to AMI. It says unbelievably, we just now, the seventh hurricane that's loaded in 14 months. Another really good reason not to be there. Boy, it is sunny and beautiful here. I don't want to rub it in. That's right. I'm not letting my breath out until everything is clear. Coral evil city manager, David Brown. So does he student, he's emergency operations center. You're doing a hell of a job, Brownie. That should be this evening. Say. Not a good name to be having if you're doing some what are connected business. So right now, Brownie, found. That should be this evening. It says forecast has said we just sustained winds cross the, said we know that. Let's see, but I mean, but I'm not the storm of dangerous Coral was expected to make its closest approach to key west around 230, precisely when high tide, or as a key west harbor. Water already covered portions of US one of these 72.5 mile marker along me. They 110 mile marker in elsewhere, authority said rising water also reported along the 18 miles fetch between Florida City and Key Largo. Governor Jeb Bush always, and never to lost for words, came up with the profound statement. A various storm, a very serious storm is hitting our state. How do you like that? I wonder where he stuck his tube. Wow. Isn't that something? Residents of the Florida Keys may receive some roof damage, domas and businesses. The National Weather Service Office in Key West said. Some trees and powerfuls may be toppled as well. Mobile homes are not safe. So what you'd drunks in your trailer park. Are you tracking idiots? Good luck to you. We'll bury some beer bottles along with you. We'll put one in the box. Six to eight inches of rain expected in the Keys of Storms served your forties seven feet mainly along south facing shores could unendates a mile and clear today. Keys authority said the two rating conditions compelled them to recommend that anyone still there no longer consider evacuation. Two late instead motorists should immediately seek shelter. Or just go around and act like a jackass and run around in the estorum. Stick your finger in a power line. Or is this thing alive or what? Yeah, it is what you're not. How's that? You idiots, you quizlings, you... You're fairery. You see God is really pure with all that gay stuff. That's why hitting the whirlwinds of the weekend of that big festival they were supposed to have there that festival. And now he's going after Key West. He sees what's going on there and he's not pleased. He sees an A8 pleased. And I'm saying what he says. I don't know. Anyway, I'm just looking at those. I don't know. It's just kind of fun to look at this. Especially when you're not in it. When you're in it, it's probably not all that great. You're also right there. I mean, you got your finger against the Kout the Window. Yeah, I don't know. We don't have a window here. Well, I know that. But I mean, during the break you hit it going out there and taking a look out the window and seeing if it's like that. All hell breaking those. I can't believe we're still on the air. Damn it. It's amazing. We don't want to tell the audience that we were counting our chickens before they hatch before the show this morning. And like, you know, say, hey, maybe like about 10 30. We'll go off the road and take a big hit. Because you know, Key West. A whole lot of PL. I'll go pull some wires. Oh, you know, probably nobody would know anyway. There's no engineering around. I noticed the audio vault is working today. Did they do some work on it? Obviously. Because we should don't want to miss any spots. That's what we reasoned to keep this thing pump it along. And get on those spots. 8 minutes till noon 5. 670560 pound five 60 in the Verizon single arrival lines. Did the clearance come in and give you the load down? Yeah, he did the load down is the mow down. He did. He did not call one of the game yesterday. He had jury duty yesterday. And he's in New York today. But and Curtis is on two to four. Curtis. Okay. What did I tell you, Curtis? And that was not the first name that came in my mind. Well, you know, I was hoping in praying that it wouldn't be one of our rejects like, let him or it hasn't Joe's a gacky or somebody like that. Or somebody even worse, if we could think of that. Well, then he answered your prayer. Curtis, David, it's a nice going there. It's a good job there, man. Give a Joshua raise and quick. And just cut the crap. So we got Curtis even said it to the man dog at four in the Marlon stuff. Big game. Big series against the message. And then they got to play in Atlanta and spread it. What you said yesterday, would you say they were playing the Phillies? The National. The National. That was wishful. Thank you. How many Q.A.M.? Hello. How are you doing sir? Just getting blown by Reno around here. How is where are you right now? We're on Kendall. And how is it? Not too bad. Really. It's some rain over Canada. Better rain. You know, not the end of the world. A lot of gusts and but no real flooding. But we still got the bunch of trash policy from the last hurricane that hasn't cleaned up. We're going to be in the middle of the ball. An interesting reason here is not to be in the crash in Kendall is no mistake about that. Hey. Yeah, I'm really happy to hear you play that bit about. No, not knowing where the National Guard was. I was just pissed me off. It's just my money. I got a story here somewhere that I might get to that as much as 40 percent of the guard at one time has been in Iraq. Yeah. I would call them in the sky and start kind of orifice on the air, but they're forgetting it's QAM man Wait, what does it have to do with sports? Yeah, hopefully it was a day for choices and there anymore I can call that and tell you what I really think I look okay Hey, yeah, can you play that fit of Moa Don't the chair What is it? What was it? I don't know Neither and I got at moments because of them So more had jury duty and I was in New York, oh, that doesn't sound like good combination of me 567, hold 560 556 on the Verizon singular wireless lines line nine WQAM hello Hello, I wasn't in Q today for white to left on my radio dial Okay, okay, great stay on the left WQAM hello Hey, you're definitely kneel when is to you? I'm in Hollywood and the branch just fell off the tree Oh no If I went out by channel 7 so they get over your right away and film maybe they'll send this come out out there Maybe you should get out for a couple of days to come in the doodle or cleanup I've got a problem my computer went down so I can't vote in your poll Yeah, but I would want to vote for JFK so I just mailed it in and I'm sure you know Jebel find it and get back in a couple of years Keep it in the bottle and put it in the water, man. We'll have it no time at all. Okay, that's good We got a pass if I cast it in Harris though first to make sure if your vote counts or not Sounded like a white guy to me. I guess we can give him like a half of vote He loses half because he listens to this show And of course you dark folks out there and Republicans want to make sure you understand no more dark folks We're just they're not good for them. It's not good for America the way they see it Some are dark folks don't even try to vote Don't even leave the house on election day 600 one votes on our poll. That's not too bad. Huh not for any death a captive audience today We could do like a 700 I think we don't really care We don't want to put a lot of pressure on you because we know that you're on your way now to home depot and a little bit late I would say I can't stand the nice say yesterday going do whatever you want to do and the shutters and stuff like that Whatever makes you feel better Whatever you ordinarily do if you've had a hurricane coming just do what yesterday night today is what we said Did they listen to us? No what one thing you want to know most before you die before they stick your ass in that box and you have a nice nap Just stop and think about I want to say this all you people are afraid of dying of death just think about like if you have a Dialometrist mattress you know you have a really great night sleep and you have no nightmares or anything to disturb But you'll have to wake up in the middle of night to take a leaker You're just you sleep real solid all through the night rock solid That nice that would be with no problems no tourists no pressure no bills to pay that's death 602 votes is what we got is their life after death 166 I can tell you already forget about it is their life another planet's one oh six yes Who kills AFK 88 anybody but Oswald is there really a god 59 my 50% of America so dumb 41 was 9 11 Aniel Khan conspiracy 41 looking more like it every day What are the 11 herbs and spices the curl uses a team is Hank over gay 17 how many licks does it take to We'll get to the center of a tutsy pop 10 what's the secret sauce of the big Mac 10 this my spouse cheat on me 10 yes, liar talk show call. I such a holes nine who killed cock robin a Who killed robins where is O sum of it? Lawton six is Elvis still alive five does my spouse know I cheat five and is it a horseshoe or a fully clover of Greg Reads Blackcomb ass This he's new This he's five 16 Where it be that world the war now are on w q a Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story His real man was Norman cook But let's face it. How are you gonna succeed as a club DJ with a man like that? He was back boy That wasn't very nice making fun of me real name cheeky leader. I'm sorry I guess it's just that you aren't really a musician Well, what makes you say that you're bastard? Well, you just take other sounds and mess around with him. Big deal. Oh big deal I can't I'm seeing it. He very creative in that. Oh, yeah down. Do you know I Don't see anything Pretty creative hey nothing to it is that Well, you know, it's when you just came to the other street Thomas sounds mess around with a big Big big big deal Do not create a knife not create it. Yeah. Yeah. One cup. All right all right you went You're freaking genius whatever it's a big You see stopping what look at show business tonight. I'm inside the behind Well, I have never seen so many colorful pictures of my whole life as I got in this radar now It is just beautiful yellows big blobs of yellows and reds and greens and blues By the way that sights not bad. What's that person? Let's do that hurricane city dot com all kind of different radar things. Oh, yeah Yeah, and you got the webcam of people getting blown away in the keys and so I don't know what like that Not yet What is this for your pool I would say Is what we're hearing around a building something about Gellie's manhood. We don't want to go into it Just go to show you can't always tell by the voice High-squake it now. I guess we don't know we don't want to get Joyce, but I think that if you have a the general stereotype Is that if you have a low booming voice you got large go-nads not necessarily right to them saying So maybe he's got like a BBs that could be could be but other than that we understand So I'm looking at those yellows. Now let's see up all the way to Belgrade as a matter of fact I'm seeing some oranges so I think we'll open Palm Beach County. You talk to book a Brian? No Well probably as fun as I'll probably the power is out too. That's only probably because he couldn't afford to pay the bill Five six out of my way you'll get some money soon No balled he just relax chicken neck just don't be no pressure pressure and people for money I just I'm just reaching to point my life where I get really tired of that real fast you don't say Josh Five six seven. Oh five six feet pound five six the Pick for rising and singular wireless line just like Linda Blair said In time and we she said that do that again That's one of my favorite scenes where she slaps the drawer open in the whatever that was nightstand the ship a road But whatever that was nothing worse than when those drawers snap open real fast WQAM hello WQAM hello Do we have an echo in here or what yeah there they are again. Why I wonder who's on time WQAM hello Yes Who shot two pack there you go okay who does I'm not pressing on your mind oh yeah See pressing on my who shot two pack and who's buying the six pack that's what everybody wants to know So I'm gonna be moving towards Kendall and then handing on up towards downtown and then also some of the keys getting You know right now I stand key into L.E. Key Exiting down towards key largo expect to just torrential down pores with these expect flash Focus on it's rain and wind guys no tuning and 50 miles per hour There are breaks behind them, but then there are more thunderstorms beyond that so they're gonna move through very quickly However about 35 miles per hour some of the wind reports are beginning man Oh man, I'll tell you one thing some of the people in Dave County the counties are coming to counties are coming because those big blobs are bread Their weds are coming man Come and east to come and east to now for our guests in 25 in Fort Lauderdale loves 30 at West Palm Beach I like to hear the track here where we're expecting to go probably not gonna be making that directed across the keys, but the I wall Certainly will get very close into the Gulf of Mexico and tense the fine into a major hurricane best odds at this time are Texas still can't quite rule out northern Oh, now it's turning there. It's been kept worried three They're still a very large I'm gonna see even the Oh look at the outer ridge of that tone that they had under the sear was just on the acid of door lean So if it would jog a little bit to the north sooner not that we're hoping for that because those holdback Is it already? Huh? Yeah pushing it up there, are you? I'm sure I'm trying to push it toward Texas. So yeah, and that's guys the Lord is p-o-de-boosh Okay, and since Bush is the the Crawford Texas alluded to that's why the way I see he mist Texas the first time because like always told you Sometimes the Lord's got bad aim, you know, it's like a picture Sometimes you just can't find it find the strikes on like Steve Blast But then the Lord says okay, well, let me pitch it again and see if they can catch it in Texas He's pitching their catchin and running you fair. What do you mean? W't a Q a m hello W't a Q a m hello This my oh Do do do do do do do do we will have a good time W't a Q a m hello Yes, I know let's see topic of conversation Why is it? Uh, but let me get your office speaker. You're giving me office speaker. Oh, where am I? What are we talking about? As far as three So what are we talking about? Yeah, we're talking about white people calling them have nothing to say Well, I guess I'm the day. Well, it's here What game was that? Yeah, I'm ran five six seven oh five sixty pound five six days one of your people like this is boyfriends been Sure up today for the weekly two-day circle comma Look at that look at all the yellows and the rain. This is sir pretty on the radar I just I'm so distraught of the thing about hangout having a computer I bet you that if if I bought it Let's find a gift I'll buy it and then the Josh can go over this house and set it up I don't know if he would comply even under those terms. You know, there was he wouldn't accept it I don't know. Remember I was gonna buy him that thing the the acute check thing for the uh blood sugar versus a diabetes Yeah, I think I'm on because I don't he won't use it, right? That's that's sad very sad but it's one of those things, okay? Because I know a lot of people always say oh well, you know, I'm diabetic but I got it in uh, you know Under real good control my blood sugar was 80 this morning as they reach you over for the dinner rules at the table of Pompeo Park You know, I'm not one of my chain names. I mean you do your best and of course I couldn't admit that I had ice cream yesterday But that would be probably a bad, you know, but I did you know how what a bad mistake I made yesterday This goes to show you that sugar reduction every now and then when it be least expected just rears It's only rear Dual-sati lace a hug and does now. You know what I think of that flavor. I think that we were just a it's watery man It's watery and like a lot of stuff that you're a fellow countrymen like it's tasteless It's got like a little caramel in it if you'd like search real hard You know, I got a little bit of that which is pretty good, but it's pretty weak. They didn't have my banana nut Now I'm gonna show you again. I'm I'll admit it to you. I could have walked another block and gotten my hug and does banana nut a pint But because it was so much closer to get the dual-sati lace here. I just settle for that rush back in here Pop into microwave and just inhale that and I felt So much better What well sister way it is man when you got your drug of choice or your drug do's your it has my drug is sugar As you car I keep thinking to see the cruise I look at the mirror and I think see the cruise and then I rush right out and give me a pint Let's see all the way up to build later the yellows right now and kind of like moving across in fact from Palm Beach kind of from middle Palm Beach and look at Naples man Naples is getting a hammered right now I hope they get Joyce Yeah, wouldn't be something if she got it That'd be something oh, would we have a party or what forget about Greg he's small potatoes if Joyce If Joyce got the old Rudy casudi over there in Naples man we would have such a big party we'd have a celebration everybody would show up WQAM hello Yes, sir, four it's a poor year for Bill come on a poor guys and jail would all these hurricanes That'd be going to which role. Yeah, that's a good point. We'll send them some hog and dies What you're expected Don't marry Hello, hey, always bought that extra block the better case and drugs That's a good point as a george says he has to walk on blocking a half the owner let's have the Barbasha 560 pound five six and you don't have much going on the neighbor you know something. This is a good outlet for them It's actually New Orleans reversed. They're r Wednesday recommend down the programs they said they're gonna get gone back on back. To make their way around. So if you know the back streets, they say that it was still pretty easy to get into town. They said it's still pretty easy to get into. It's still pretty easy to get into. I've got to that place as long as it's closed in it. So if a back street is closed just go to the Coupa. Okay. That's probably closed to in it. They closed down all those back places sooner or later. Yellows and greens and oranges and reds and just a sweep and right across. How's that? I want to take my own person to look. I don't believe these people. I want to see it for myself. You want me? All right. I want to see the long range loop and I want to see just if that thing is really going to do us or if they're fun on us. Yeah, it does really look. And the people in the keywester. Those reds and the trailer park are saying, I'll thank God for that. Let's have another one open. Another king. But it's still in fact. It looks like Havana's going to get a pretty nasty bunch of rain and stuff. Lord, ain't too happy with that crap going on. Now where is it that alien lives? He lives in Western Cuba, right? I don't know. Yeah, you don't come. They're kind of a Cuban. Are you a man? You turn code. I think those curtains are those curtains that pick on you. I think they're right. The curtains. The curtains. The curtains were the turbines and they drink a lot of bourbon. In fact, if you don't want to know, it's probably beyond bourbon street. But anyway, it's looks like Havana's going. Now he's in one of some little town in Western Cuba, which we're supposed to know that. And they're not going to get hit because alien is there in the world wants to protect him. And the gods have mischphorca. And of course, so what's his name? Gonzales. What's the daddy's name? Oh, Army Garmiga Air. See how I had the man because it makes me think of that bit. I'm going to have to play after the break. Swameless Pashton, if five sixty also would have to owe for a Georgian. What's that thing called? Oh, W. Can I love what's so much? When you would read that one, read. It's short. Look at this. Come from trial protects us. We can start on Monday. Oh, they died in the way. He had a high race pass for the team. Oh, he's a total of three not. Don't put no blame on me. And they come from my vacation for a photo of her two netty. Swing your partner around and round. Now go those swam-through and the warless towns. In terms of the left to the right, if you were to go. Swing a little mud out, those she'd go. Oh, God, train up. I can go people to the first of the leaves. Yeah, that's it. It is for your right. I'm tired of it. That's absolutely. That's absolutely. 12 13 at 5.60 WQA. I'm happy Tuesday stay inside. Don't be a fool, okay? For years I've been telling you about drug concepts. The best carpet cleaning company around. But you know the drug concepts can also save you hundreds. Even $1000 by doing other things for you. Drug concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning. A poultry and leather furniture restoration. Max was cleaning or he had a rug cleaning. Pet order treatments water damage too. And especially with the left going on today. Keep that water damaged thing in mind. That concepts can also clean and restore your talent. Grape quickly and efficiently. Drug concepts for professional staff is always improving the serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented. And during this month there is September. We should take advantage of their summer sizzler number two package in water damage special. Drug concepts from carpet cleaning. The talent grap cleaning and everything in between the only place to call which is why I've been using them for over 20 long excruciating years in my homes. Use them once you never dream of calling anybody else. No refoss, no surprises they give you written guaranteed price up front. And they brought in the Palm Beach's column at 1-800-248-5071 at the toll free call 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web. It's dryconcepts.com. The Viz is Neal Rogers. Viz is 5.16-18-15. On Miguel Gonzalez, father of William, Meech's with his attorney. In preparation to take his son. That took you well, Mr. Gonzalez. How was your trip? Very good, guys. I saw that. Have any questions before we go any further? CCC, these box with the pictures. It's in kind of a woody's piece. Oh, that's a television. Oh, tiniere. Mr. Roy, what does... What does that mean? If I don't mean... What does that mean? Oh, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Right, it's a greeting. Why the heck? I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you. Hmm. What is it? Oh, this pizza hut. Stuff crust pizza. He's incredible. How do they get the mutton and the cheese into the crust? I'm not sure. So as I was saying... We will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible. Bye-bye! Are you going to some reason? No, I'm missing to the new CD by the Void Band in sync with my new Sony Disc Band. It's incredible. Yes, Mr. Gonzalez, they are quite incredible. But we'll be meeting with the... Just another play and you're doing for two years. You must take me, but keep going. Bye-bye. Oh, God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? Why do you know, go? I love it! Send back 300 channels on table and watch all the Yankee games. So it's Mr. and Lillier, but it's at Mr. Gonzalez. Bye-bye. We're not going to be hosts. We're going to let it pull right now. Take a quick peek. Six, six, six. All right. Six, sixty, six. Oh, right. The anti-Christ is here. Maybe we're probably going to hear this. And then move the sacred score home runs with both of Florida Marlins and those who aren't baseball fans, two Western officials last night asked Governor Jim Bush this week to back him proposal letting local governments join with the Marlins to build a single venue to serve as a baseball stadium and a center for Hurricane evacuees. Really? Right. Well, I saw what happened with the Super Dome and the Astridome and the Sky Dome. I mean, the Roger Center, just one word of advice. They're going to build that thing. Yeah. Lots of toilets. Oh, yeah. Lots of toilets that work. Unlike UAM. Well, we haven't even talked about that. The fact that you had to go down in the second floor now, did you have to pick a locker with them? No, it was unlocked. Well, thank the Lord for that. But yeah, it was unlocked. Wow. Yeah. Those locks are easy. What kind of a place is that? We got a restroom on the third floor. All these people in there on the third floor and it's not working. I guess maybe they're trying to like tie in ahead for the hurricane. Is that it? No, they're trying to like make you feel a little sympathy for the people in the nollins, right? A lot of pressure. Oh, speaking of pressure, we got to trend coming out on Friday, but we don't do trends anymore. We'll just give like a real quick thumbnail. Okay. If we did well, if we did bad, we just won't talk about it. West and if the other place did really, really bad again, we'll talk about that a lot. You know, the place that has basically a point. Oh, West and Mayor Eric Kurshin, city manager John Flint said a combined set would justify using public money to finance a venue for the marlins because it would also give the governments of brown date and possibly Palm Beach Counties, a facility with showers, food service, water other than the facilities, how's evacuees a place to evacuate? Wouldn't it be great to evacuate? Yeah. That's a nice way to make a money to my mother, like that. To make a money to your George Burgess and Marlins President David Samson suggesting the public private partnership. They've planned a set of similar letters to glad ask Governor Bush. They will also suggest that President George Bush consider the concept nationally, to help sports teams fund venues while avoiding future problems similar to what happened during and after Katrina in all means. You see, I'm assuming that they guessed that the idea of these people go to the superdomus of good idea, which it really was not, not at all. And if they're hurricane would have wobble just a little bit to the west and he'd given the direct hits out. Probably wouldn't have to worry about those people or the superdomus right now because they both all be no longer with us. To work here of Hirsch and Flint said the venue would have to be near dolphin stadium at the Dave Brower Line rather than near the Orange Bowl, which we agree wholeheartedly on that. Don't we Josh? Yes, we do. Nobody wants to go to Dave County. Why don't you people in Dave County understand it's not personal. Why should you want to take it personal? Nobody wants to go there. Don't you get it? Nobody wants to go to Dave County. And certainly nobody wants to go all the way down that orange bowl. Yeah, it's one thing to be in Dave County, but, uh, oh, it could be just, I mean, I'm talking about in the county. Well, I mean, you know, you're sitting in the county right now, but, just close enough for the county line to be ready for a quick escape. Yeah, I'm okay with that. The location would also be close at a Palm Beach County. Should residents there need it as a refuge. Well, you know, last time I checked Weston isn't exactly near the Dave Brower Line. I mean, I could be wrong about that, but what does that mean? It would have to be near dolphin stadium. Weston is not near dolphin stadium. Nope. Uh, and anyway, Weston, which has no line available for development, would would only be involved as an interested party. Well, I see. I see. I see. I'm saying, I understand that. These are people from Weston, but they're not going to build it in Western. They're going to build it near the, uh, who knows where somewhere in the Anemsville, I think they said. This would be a win win for everyone. Her said the Marlon's are looking at building a stadium. We in government should be looking away to protect the public. And this may be one way to do both. A lot of people oppose using tax dollars to finance a stadium because they live through far having no interest in this fortland said, but it can be demonstrated that the public has impotential use of facility. Then elected officials at every level would have a much better case for justifying public participation. He says, do I believe that? No. Because I mean, a hurricane, shelter, you know, how awful would that happen? Really? Then we have a hurricane so severe that we'd have to like win and doubt evacuating. Right. And by the way, even they didn't use public funds for it. They'd use the stadium for evacuys anyway. Right. And that is correct. How come they can't use the presence stadium for evacuys? Exactly. Just because it has never dull mind top, I mean, big deal. It's a little rain anyway. Burgess was busy with hurricane preparations Monday and city end reviewed the letter. Folks will instead, Samson said he couldn't come and his head received letter and yada yada yada. The Republican governor of Republican control legislatures would have to approve and state representative Susan Goldstein Republican West and city approves. He likes it. Hey, Susan, you go on. I'm happy. She will listen. Goldstein says, I wonder, she's just kind of guilty. Goldstein, you think? Goldstein said such a venue can provide a safe environment for residents as well as a place for hospital patients and people with special needs. Now, you see, you don't build a stadium. I mean, why not just build a shelter, okay? Why not build a bunch of shelters that would cost to have a lot less than the $400 million would take the build a stadium. Honey, I mean, it's a little bit, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm just going to take the opportunity to make an officially strong enough for the SNAT category five hurricane. Plus the expected rest room showers and food service facilities needed to accommodate the evacuees. And of course, all the real jobs and the first can go in and just take showers together, even not during good weather. All the QAM people. We learned two things from Katrina Flint said, one of my government orders in evacuees to much provide a means for all persons to evacuate. And until you have the order of shelter with an echoed means to maintain order of hygiene, food and most of all dignity. Last week tomorrow. I will be the one good thing if they go ahead and do something but it's not in date county People do all I will say this I know that Wayne was losing money there in two bad I have crocodiles for him every day of my life But the old Miami arena when the Panthers were playing there even though it didn't have enough seats to make money didn't have all the sky boxes yada yada The atmosphere of the pancer games was as Sidney and Thomas better been in the innu Arena than the Bank America bank what is it now bank Atlantic the Intercenter? Well, it's a beautiful building. It's a nice facility, but the atmosphere in there is this sterile is the inside of a band-aid box And no matter how loud they crank up the noise so it busts your ear drums It doesn't make any difference it's just uh, I don't know just doesn't have the same ambiance if you catch my grip and how about those panthers And how about those panther tickets? Wouldn't they gonna show up boys huh? I don't want to get survey anything like that. They only got two homestovation games the first ones of 29 And who's getting those who's getting those? I'm getting those okay. That's what I get nose. Why you want you want all of a sudden you're a hockey fan that you might have some free tickets Oh, I'd go to a couple games, you know, well, I'm sure you can have all the tickets you want because I don't think You know, I don't think a lot of are gonna be used some will be and they even make a George with a range of a contact for that Okay, you don't want to say I know what you're saying okay, but I like Miguel don't plan on just scouring through We're just waping the season ticket and it's just a criminal what he does and then he's got the nerve to give me a saw in a dance Well, you eat too many stories on the air. I don't like the bet that's you know, we don't care what you like Miguel Okay, go back to bedtime. Maybe you make a few more kids when he told me that it is got another one And she's got another one in the oven. Yeah, Jesus man. What do you people can I Slow down a little bit a tooth the quota anymore. Yeah, that's what you think Why do you think that this business about the Hispanic population? Isn't it like 95% of America? It's just a save a little room for us Crackers and shows what it is. He said that your mom had their rabbit two all right Yeah, well, so in other words you you tell me that he's stopping now. He's just getting going now He's sorry. Hey listen the more than what he tells me they're trying like crazy Mother blanket She's a medium-old girl, and she's ready to fight. If you lie, not to steal her, you'll be happy, you know. She's got to give her a kidney show, and that'll lie, baby old. You won't be able to afford her, because she's all the time. Pretty beautiful lady who committed a crime. Not so whole city of practice, when she's not in the sea. And her new date on talk show will have her role in the dough. Scream it out her employee, while she makes both the way. Here we capture her glory, and she works for beaters called everything. If you lie, not to steal her, you'll be happy, you know. She's got to give her a kidney show, and that'll lie, baby old. You won't be able to afford her, because she's all the time. She's a pretty good boy, and she's a pretty good boy. Don't worry about whatever's happening out here, just get inside your home, and say there this water is rising down, so it's coming up very quickly here at this storm surges. Come up here inside here, baby old. Let's sit around, this way over here, it's tickle off with me over here, as we tread through this water, and if this water actually came up through our knee, over here. There's more purpose. Look at this home right here, there's no one inside, but you can see, and that's going up the door. You can see the water starting to fly. Big God, no one is inside at all. Like this is this is, you can see that storm surges really coming up these ways, or coming up over this storm, but wrong. I tied it up coming in there, and this storm surges, I'm available at the settlement. But when the Nizel can't ride a computer, he actually comes back in here, and he has a hard time going through. And it goes so straight, and he's actually heading through. There's a local Brent Floor in there if you're hungry. He's flying, he's flying, thinking out here, but obviously, actually that's not the only low-fifteen in the water, but nevertheless, 25 to 1 a QAM, and I see West Palm beaches about, you're going to be next. If you're listening to West Palm, which I can't imagine, can you imagine what our signal sounds like today? Quite that. Snap crackling pop, effective as a cloud in the sky, you know? And especially when you run 441, you get under those power wires. I'd pop it for get about it. Oh, here's the south floor, the peninsula at this time, some very heavy rain in my Miami area, as you see these outer bands continue to push in. And some of that same areas now, it's been getting hit hard over and over. The past couple of hours in particular, the Sankeys, also down towards Elliott Key right here. Look at the red and down towards Key Largo, expecting several inches of rainfall as the Cedar bands continue to push on it. And this red line here, that's part of the tornado watch. So any of these storms, a few of them, could possibly thin off the tornado, or a water spot, and then turn into a tornado as it makes its way on shore. You see the fatally picture of the storm, and notice the eye, it's basically coming out. It's not a little bit, so another sign that this storm is strengthening 85 mile per hour winds right now. Now let me say this to you, did you, were you watching that? Yeah. I'm just giving my own opinion, okay, nothing, but if that didn't look like it made a little jog of the earth west, then my name is Ishka Bivol, okay, it's Moishi Pupic. It's just a hot, it is doing that. It looks like it. Well, that's what it looks like there, but these have a tendency of like, like, let's Cooper would say, the old wiggle wobble, they wobble. They wiggle and they wobble. And once in a while, like John Kerry used to do, they wobble is what they do. Which makes for a hell of a good breakfast. In fact, get that loaf of bread out of the water during the keys. Isn't that something these idiots said? It just never fails. And never gonna stop doing it. Yeah. Always put these goofball reporters out there, and they're like, you got the whole rubber outfit on, a rubber suit, like the one at Tom Feather was where when he was chasing Jerry Hart and Donna Rice, the trench coat, and they're all running around with a microphone. They're talking to these people saying, oh, a lady ought to be inside. Well, what do you do on outside? You morons, you idiots, okay? You ought to be inside. Did you at the interview for her, you know, two seconds of fame? Just pathetic. So if you wanted to lie to so many stupid people, just watch that crap. Okay, how's the pull coming? I think we got like close to 700 vote on there. That's pretty impressive to me considering most of these people ought to be at home deeper by their viscuit and lumber for the next one. 719 votes on the pull pretty good. What one thing you wanted almost before you die before you croak before you're maker finally says, hey, your time is up. I got your number. Is the life after that? 185. I'll tell you right now. Oh, no. Forget about that. Is there a life on other planets? 120. Who killed GFK 105? Is there really a god? 70? Yes, there's a god. That's it. Why 50% of America's so dumb, 61? Was 9, 11, Neocon conspiracy 49? Is Hank over game 26? What are the 11 herbs and spices that currently was just 22? Was the Colonel gay? Why are all Taucial color such A holes 12? Does my spouse cheat on me 11? How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie popped in? Why haven't I tootsie popped in years? It just has no appeal to me. It's charm. And do they still have that chewy stuff inside? Yeah, that's the tootsie roll. That's the roll. The old tootsie roll. In fact, into Orleans are a few of those floating around roll. What's the secret of the Big Mac secret sauce 10? Where is Oshama Yamama 9? Who killed Kock robin 9? Is it a horseshoe or a fully flow for upgrade reads? Rectome ass 7. And I've got you most of those came from inside the building. Maybe know what I'm talking about. We're on the eograg. We've been on here for a long time. This like the public is finally getting on to the bush. Myster. We're all on the YouTube Greg. Best of luck to you. Do all of the door hit unison away out. And we're starting to like, I don't know. Be very skeptical about report that he planted. And all why did I subscribe to that inside radio thing Tom Taylor plays. You're a good guy and you're doing your best for the radio group. He's out there. But every morning now I got like pages and pages of this crap on my fax machine when I come in. Here. There's my spot. They got to cut down all these maple trees to make the paper from my faxes from inside radio, which is and none of it's of any interest, probably. There's my spouse no I cheat six is Elvis still alive five and who shot two pack has got to pay out of 719 votes. We're kicking some serious bloody ass today. Maybe take no mistake about it. We got Curtis leave us in a two for the mole Mister. How do you like that? I like that. Mad dog at four or six 35 the Marlon pregame Marlins at the Metz that I huge huge series. Well Houston can you know it's clandering up and down in the film. Who the philies play do we don't judge? Oh my don't. Well why not? Don't you have a newspaper there don't have a schedule? I mean I could look it up but for crying out. Oh, does this. Huh? Well why not do that? I don't want to like you know overwhelm you with work but. Philly's must be playing somebody. Let me let me guess who they might be playing. I read a good maybe they're playing the cardinals. Give me their playing a good a play on the break. Well they're playing the break is not that the Marlins play the break is this weekend. The break could be like party poopers right could be. Could be. Raves and of course the braids are like now they haven't clinsed officially yet right but they're like on a verge. You might as well call it that yeah where you did that a long time ago because you know Malibone 80 million years in a row and you were right. They're just don't even play the season as far as let's let the brave sit out. I agree because just can see the division championship them year after year even when they're like me the ochre like they're at this year. They're just not that good this year and Greg Madder just celebrate the 70th birthday. What do I tell you about him okay non-copy as weas. You won't. I jumped did you see that? Oh was that. That we're just rewinding some of those. I had some jackass and standing in a two-feet array and they just rewounded right on the ear and I just go and see an end. This is a new rock rock solid. This by 16. Let's go to the door. We don't need a first vacation. We're gonna put one on my home vacation. Increasingly extended periods of time. We only need a month. We'll go and tend to stay forever. I just got back my world when to work. It's hard work. I've got a lot of failures in the world. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. We've got everything going on. We did what any of us would do. He went on vacation. Hey! What is that? That's hard work for us. But we have a lot of work. A lot more work to do. That gets back to work. All of it all really. Get no time off. I only did two weeks of vacation a year. How many days have you been pregnant in a situation? All of it all really rough on their taste. That's what you can call. I do work. Back there work. Again. If you don't work, you can shift your color. Have any vacations. I'll come to all of it. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I've got to get back to work. 14 to 1 a Q a m. Anyway, we forgot to be kind of the hurricane. All the other things we're getting distracted easily by. Yeah. We're supposed to tell Eric to cut the crap. Every time we get the website the way I want it and the way it ought to be and the way Josh wants it, something he and I used to say that it was Josh's fall. No. About the cartoon being on Papua News. I don't want cartoons. I want the pull on top. And then I want the news stories then. All the other stuff can be underneath. All the funny stuff slap Mo and a head and all the other good stuff. Which is great. But the McCartouins, all these things underneath. He's working on how to do that. Just right now they show up in whatever order they're sent along with the stories. What do you mean by that? In other words, they go to the same buffer as the story. Well, put send in the cartoons then, dammit. All right. Well, they're going to a different place now. Yeah. They sure are. Blackthumb. I know where they're going. Not that it's a big deal, but I'm trying to, especially yesterday we had that Mike Mayo column that I put in a website. Almost random people are right that so far, which means about five of them probably signed in a legislative lecture about the slots we want to dance slots now and cut the crap. So you might want to take a look at that. It's got to still be on there under all the stories, isn't it? Because it was from yesterday. Would you be Josh? Should be on there. I don't need those damn cartoons. The hotel I had to give a slots, it will give you grief. You might want to click on that Mike Mayo. I read it on the year, but probably most of you weren't listening anyway and who could blame you. Okay. So here's some bad news. This really deserves stirms me. We'll probably do you because you don't go anywhere. You're certainly on the other side of Europe. Yeah. But once Josh gets that big raise, maybe he'll take you with you. All right. We'll go to Amsterdam. That's a good idea. Your idea is to you would have a fine time over there. Yeah. I can find something to do. Two European Airlines will allow passengers late next year to use their own cell phones on commercial flights within Western Europe. Oh my God. Hey, do you need the basic technology firm said today? That's bad news because you know, once once they open the door for that, it's going to be all the airlines are going to have to follow suit. And then you're going to have to put up all these jackasses. Oh, hello, Joe. I'm not going to be on a half-light. You know, here are all these yentres on the. I don't want to hear that. It's bad enough now as it is. TAP Air Portugal and British carrier BMI both of agreed to introduce on Air's voice and text service for cell phones and separate few amount trial runs on your team executive George Cooper. We see it. The planes that should be the first while passengers to make and receive calls with their own cell phones will on board. We'll give honor the chance to access its service ahead of its general release in 2007 for everywhere the world, but North America said. With both airlines initially there will be a couple of airplanes to a three equipped with this system. During the three months, we'll all be evaluating how it's going. What the usage is, how we handle the cruise is at 7 so on. Honor system will be used by TAP on its Airbus 321 model and by BMI on its Airbus 320s. Both single aisle planes primarily use for flights within Western Europe, like from a Berlin to Amsterdam, like from Paris to a Rome, etc. and so on. Like from Cologne to Esperming, users of more like from Stuttgart, users of mobile phones and other handheld wireless devices with Rome, I just like to name you Stuttgart. Don't you love it. Makes me feel right there home in the US, that kind of Nazi feeling gives you. Users of mobile phones and other handheld wireless devices with Roman capability will be able to make it. We see calls using a base station within the airplane that will be allowed to turn their phones on after the plane reaches 10,000 feet. When other electronic devices such as portable music players and laptops are permitted. This travel guide us on usage patterns and some of the social issues and using mobile phones on the aircraft said BMI chief executive Nigel Turner, and also helps us confirm the business case for rolling the service out across the remainder of the fleet as in fleet Enema. Or here's some more about that too. The same in the Houston area right here. We don't want you to focus on the skinny line. We always talk about the skinny line. We don't focus on the skinny line. But keep in mind we're talking about how far out the windfield on this storm goes. If it stays true to this track which by the way errors this far out are more than 200 miles on occasion. If it stays there that will still keep the Galveston area in the bad side of the storm. They're going to be seeing the very Nazi storm surge and the very wicked wind beginning to move in. So you don't want to just... Don't we have that sound by Glen Campbell, Galveston? Hey, Glenn. Crack it up for us. Give me a minute. Oh, let's see. Here's a fact that says we missed it to make between George Galaway and the disgusting Christopher Hitchin. Here's the audio file. I don't want you here Christopher Hitchin. I don't want you to wish my son. I do have a great column about George Galaway. Do I have time to read it? It's long. It's long. It's long. And the article too. Where is it? I think I just grabbed you on the floor. I don't know why this is happening then. I never have this problem anymore. And that you know why it's happening because I turned the stories around. So I don't get all those marks on my chest. Remember what's funny about that the other day? Right. It's to have like sideways. And it does make it a different anyway. Oh, hey Glenn. How's it going baby? Oh, Galaway's the most identical. It's good thing that there's no such thing as global warming. I'm so pleased. Oh, here it is. Galois, Frank this, in figure rates and shocks Americans. It's a little on the long side. But I think I might give it a shot. Should I give it a shot? I don't want to be reading. Here are all these people are trying to like baton down hatches and hatches and stay healthy from the hurricane. John Nichols who writes for the capital times of medicine was constant rights. Americans who are familiar only with the almost always empty words and often empty heads of this country's political leaders can be a little shocked by George Galois pronouncements. The British parliamentary who came of age in the brawling political landscape of his native Scotland, were a quick wit and a savage debate and still are prerequisites for electoral success. Does not mince words in the manner that most American politicians do consider Galois stim in a response to hurricane Katrina and a sanderman. The scenes from the Stricon City almost defied belief many many thousands of people left to die and what is the richest, most powerful country on earth. This obscenity is far from an actual disaster as George Bush and USA leader from the suffering masses of New Orleans. The images of Bushlochew reading in his ranch and of his secretary estate shopping for $7,000 shoes while disaster swamped the US Gulf Coast will hunt this administration. $7,000 shoes, huh? Kind of Eiza. You bitch. In the most terrible way imaginable, I showed that the whole world that this is not only the lives of people in Baghdad, Felugen Palestine that Bush holds cheap. It's also his own citizens. The black and poor people left behind with no food water or shelter. This is not simply manslaughter to incompetence, so the White House's incompetence abounds. It is murder. For Bush was born four years ago, the threat to New Orleans is surely as he was one of the disaster that would come of his war in Iraq. This is the America of Halibut, the N16 rifle, the cluster bond, the gated communities of the rich and of the billionaires he grew up with in Texas. There is another America. It's the land of the poor of Louisiana. It's the land of the young men and women economically conscripted in the military. It's the land of the glorious multi-ethnic mix that was New Orleans. It's now a mix of Martin Luther King and the great struggles for justice. That's not exactly a politically correct response to the crisis at least not enjoyed Bush's America of muted debate and sathe partisanship, but it is one that will ring true with a significant proportion of American population. As have Galois pronouncements with regard to the war in Iraq. Galois, let's see what's the date on this. Galois who will appear at 7pm next Sunday at the Wisconsin Union Theatre at the UW-Madison campus. They came and instant here at a many opponents of the US occupation of Iraq when they previously had a little known member of British parliament flew to Washington to appear before the Senate's permanent committee on investigations. Senator Norm Colman, Republican and S.O.A. headline grabbing conservative, we try to position himself for a presidential run and accuse Galois and other European figures of opposing the Iraq war because they had received oil for food program kickbacks from Saddam Hussein. In fact, Galois had successfully challenged the same accusations in Britain and gone under one of stunning victory in that country's May 5th election. Galois jumped at the chance to before Colman's committee, which he did in a remarkable nation-state appearance. After rebunding Colman's charges, Mr. Chairman, I am not an honor of having ever been an oil trader. There is anyone been on my behalf. I have never seen a barrel of oil on one-bought, one-sold one, and he throws anybody on my behalf. Galois turned the tables on his accuser, telling him that the Senator would a fireweight attack on the war in its proponents. Now Senator, I gave my heart and soul to a false policy that you promoted. I gave my political life's blood trying to stop the mass-cilling of Iraqis by the sanctions on Iraq, which killed a maiden Iraq. He's most of them children. Most of them died before they even knew they were Iraqis, but they died for no reason. They were Iraqis with them, and it's fortunate to be born at that time. I gave my heart and soul to stop you committing to disaster that you did commit invading Iraq. And I told the world that your case for the war was a pack of lies, Galois informed of the fool on Capitol Hill. I told the world that Iraq, contrary to your claims, did not have weapons of destruction. I told the world contrary to your claims that Iraq had no connection to the atrocity on 9-11. I told the world contrary to your claims that the Iraqi people will resist a British and American invasion of their country, and that's the fall of Baghdad. That would not be the beginning of an end, but merely the end of the beginning. Senator, everything I said about Iraq, I turned out to be right and you turned out to be wrong, and 100,000 people paid with their lives, 1600, and almost 2000 American soldiers sent to their debts on a pack of lies, 15,000 that had wounded many of them disabled forever on a pack of lies. Coleman couldn't get out of the hearing room quick enough. The senator had met more than his match and he quickly changed topics. For his part, Galois was stunned by Coleman's lack of preparation for the confrontation. The senator's performance was pitiful and embarrassing. He didn't know the first thing about the matter he was raising his Galois, which was placed with some of the avialist legislators on the planet. When I was told that Norman Coleman has presidential ambitions, I thought, I fear for America, I fear for the world. This man is not prepared to be a senator, a little or a leader of the most powerful country in the world. If Galois was dismayed by the quality of American politicians, he was heartened by the responsibility of American people, he received more than 20,000 emails from Americans, and just the first few days after his appearance before the committee. So how was the interest that he's now pinned to book on the incident, Mr. Galois goes to Washington, and is true this month of the west's run on President of the crowds, more than a thousand people attended his debate this week in New York with warbacker Christopher Hitchens. Galois enjoyed the chance to respond on his views before American audiences, even if he is sometimes frustrated by the determination of his critics to pay him as the beast of Britain. He lasted the claim that he's a friend of the posed Iraqi dictator, Sodom Hussein, noting that he met on Samely twice, exactly the same number of times the Donald Rumsfeld met him. The difference he has is that Donald Rumsfeld met him to sell him guns. Galois's impression of Sodom is far more nuanced than that of American politics. And so that of American politicians are commentators, but this is hardly a favorable view. I found him to be a man who is capable of rational and irrational actions, which I think is the nature of dictatorship of his explained. To accusations that his militant opposition to the invasion of the occupation of Iraq means he supports terrorism, Galois responds that he's opposed to killing a vinesence by any group or any means, via the suicide bomber or a bomb drop from an airplane flying overhead. He rejects that the notion that the US agreed Britain ought to decide whether the insurgents interact are legitimate representatives of pop at the Senate and that country argue we instead is the height of imperialism to suggest that the Iraqi insurgency is legitimate or illegitimate. What he will suggest are, is that the only way to sort out the mess and Iraq is out for occupied forces to rise at the country. To those who tell them that withdrawal of foreign troops will lead to chaos, Galois replies from what I see and is quite a lot of chaos there now. That's Galois, quick of wit and unapologetic, he's the antidote to American politicians. After being expelled from Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party, he formed a new party, we expect and then be one of the most closest allies in Parliament. He decries these still to debate and they corrupt duopoly of American politics, which sees many Democrats echoing Galois to be Republican president. Galois takes his anti-imperialism seriously when asked whether he thinks American war force should work within the two major parties or go independent of the third party, where he says, it's not for me to say when you need new party in the US, we determined in Britain that an alternative was needed. What I can say is that the whole world is suffered because the debate in the US has been inadequate. One of the reasons I'm here is to stir it up and that George Galois will surely do. This is Neil Rodgers. This is by 162. Watch the... We've got... We've got... Just got the round. And when I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the women with a tape in lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rodgers one or two of us. I mean, I listen to the Neil Rodgers there and balance one or two hours. Well... And now, a word from Jude Laws knew, Danny. He knew, why so much we know the plot completely cold. I am Jude Laws new party. But just because I was watching the Vauxhlagen, and I have four teams, two silent business, and here you are, going to put on chips. The snob mean, Jude hasn't been given me the same theory. I'll call you yesterday, watching me clean, observing the shaft, not a little man who, I pull back the caution, and it modes him enjoying me, but it's a climb. And said, these rurables know the little bitch. But I say it's only a mother of time. If only blood's on to a hunk of flesh, it's easy to let go. Oh, don't judge a book by its cover. Because the book has been found through plenty, I used to walk for Michael Douglas before he met me that he made me come from. They hired me for a favor, he's an administrative, but after a few months, Michael and I were paying naked to his death, and I replied, I won't let go. And the old Jewish George was right, or those who were surprised by James, before he knew it was in the dark. I'm utterly delicious. One old Fuerk, he went, and there's John Zemologian floating around in Key West. I'm out, until after the storm passes, and until after they have a structural assessment. This is what's getting really close to Key West, by the way, the- Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. Right, right, right, right, right, right. Right, right, right, right, right. I just- I'm just looking at that thing. In fact, I'm a CNN man. It looks like his man just a little tiny bit to the Northwest. Not that he wants that and Key West, every the last thing they want. But maybe God is like zeroing in now. You know what I'm saying? I say what you mean. He's given close, and I was going to like zero right in, and all of a sudden before you know about a Bing, you know, and that's it. Bye-bye folks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We've got Curtis Stevenson for the moment, too, so the Greenlight is on. You can stick around, please. No pressure. Should we take a few calls here? We don't have any at the moment, because I haven't taken any of very long time, and I'm just going to be very interested in about George Gallaway. And it was saying, who's George Gallaway? We know where Gallaway Road is done in my Norman Brothers' produce, but we sure as hell don't know where George Gallaway. We've heard that outside out of mind, you know? That's- that's American Public for it. That's why it answers one of those questions on our pool. What one thing you want to know most before you die? That's our pool question today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 Verizon, Sing it a wireless line. WQAM, hello. Hi, Neil. This is Brian North Cross, and right now I'm currently flying over the storm. I'm currently directly right over the eye of the storm. Where there's a lot of people screaming and hovering. The sky is falling. Nice job, Brian. Good job, sweetheart. You're fairing. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. Neil, listen, I mean, in time of tragedy, you think it's, you know, people want to hear about, you know, hurricane zero and in, because almost living the area. Yeah, that must be it. WQAM, hello. Yeah, you want to translate the last one? Yes sir. But you need? Is this your, where did it, and over the way, does anybody go through? WQAM, hello. Yes sir. I got a couple of your calls. Okay. I'd like to know who killed Mauing. I'm on my role. Okay, answer the one. What happened in Roswell? Yeah. Marshal. And is it Charles Ophilly or their club to men from all? Okay. It's the hair club for no is what it is for no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I don't know. I think about he's in New York today. But that's uh huh, and then jury duty yesterday. I didn't know it was the honest day. I guess it was not on huh? I don't know. Josh? No, Curtis was going yesterday. Oh, how to, how to, how to, now nobody ever told us that during the show. No. We could have probably goose those numbers. I'm a couple of points, and they know that it was no Mauing. How did that go? My bad. I actually knew that. I was waiting for you to promote and say, hey, how are David up next? And I was going to interrupt you, and then I kind of forgot. I was in and also the show like I do every day. Where they don't say how we're David though. You were waiting for me to say, what? Mohour David. And then, just, just plain mo. Come any QA in, hello. Fucking time. WQ, we would ask what Greg has. QA in, hello. I want to know who died and they shot 10 good little ambassador. Okay. WQA in, hello. We caused the earthquake life in Bockewood, Tom. I'm not paying too much attention to the store, but I'm having a lot of fun paying grand bass and stacking little Tommy Jiko. WQA in, hello. Yes, glad to know you. Good afternoon, sir. Neil, I want to say this. I was incarcerated for 10 years and it was your show that provided the sanity. Wow. So, let's see. They listen to the show on the inside? Oh yeah, absolutely. You got your own radio. Absolutely. Well, that's great. Yeah. And it was your show that I look forward to just to get a piece of mind. Right. Well, let's show it to a man. Yeah, I really think you probably heard the callers. You were probably relieved that you run the inside for a while. We're lucky. Apparently. All right. Take care. See how you're like that. We got 800 and 3 votes. Yeah. That's not too bad. I'm not afraid. We can sit in that the or everybody's drawn over there. Sure. Probably some people are probably. Internet. We got a few people lost power. Some people take a shower of power right now when it's a prize me. And some people listen to power 96, which we're not too happy about that. But all that stuff that they play. Come in to Q.A.M. How are you? Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Mo is in New York because you got to place your bets in person. That's on the Jets. Yeah. Okay. We pretty weep. I think we've got a two and a half on a scale of 75. 5.670. 5.660. 5.660. But we're just trying to take it out. I just recalls today to keep these people out of keep a money inside. Okay. But they could be called from a cell phone stand out in the rain and based on what I'm hearing so far or a papal standing. Not even on the inside of the booth. 72.8. Hello. Now what's the two people who are rated it? Oh, who waited and go? 72.8. Hello. We heard the first time. I think we're going to get a money gun. Sounds like he's soaking on it or choking something over there. You don't have to do that loud. You know, taking that money. 72.8. Hello. I got my shots and shoes on. How you doing? 72.8. Hello. They're all in the middle. I took it out of the audience. So I hope you can see it. Yes, sir. You speak to me. Happy time. I might just go back to my plan. I'm going to apologize for apologizing about reading the George Gallo Way article. I mean, it wasn't as good as these calls, but it was, you know, fairly interesting. If you have an IQ larger than you some mail. Post is a approach. Below were keys. We are expecting that possible sustained hurricane force wins to be around. You see that little move there. Are you watching the board? If that's not a jug to the north west, right? I mean, that's a date of all of that area of the key. Some very strong fans of rain showers have been pushing in. Those reds and gray. Look at that. You've got to watch it. Little more van to the reds are coming. They follow the extreme. How do you pick those? I don't want to keep in mind around the home stand down for his cutler. Ridge. Gates has got soaked with Katrina about three and a half weeks ago. You can go now. Those same areas. Unfortunately, just getting clouded with some very heavy thunderstorms. We're seeing a few inches per hour. Expect flooding on the roadways here and also fair amount of lightning. So be aware of that threat. I'm not going to five even to 40 miles per hour. With stronger wind got that we head down towards the lower keys. We're also getting some good wind. That's the reports across the western coast of Florida. Maple getting in under the coast of the north. The north. I don't want to point out. That many. You'll go in from that program. Okay. which is bringing up that high serve. Forecast track now what's going to be happening watching for the closest approach mid to late this afternoon. We'll be at the last two of the keys. My close to the right time is tomorrow morning looking much better and tense the fine as it's going to be looking much better. The code likely could become a major hurricane before it became much more grand. She's still here as much now we're going to let the full of days and then start to take it through. They're great robbers. Many love this stuff. They're hoping a whole lot of people die. It's looking much better. We can put all our people out there and bring it in blown away and practically on the verge of getting killed. And we can really exploit this for all we can. You miserable who is this simple and we're going to help you. That's the best he ever did anyway. Where's the worst my buddy Rob Marciano that's who we want to see. Can't much much rocky Marciano or Rob Marciano. Hey Rob. You're fair. Come in to say after one at five, six to WQA, how did you sleep last night? And a recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation, fewer than half Americans were porting good night sleep most nights. One of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable supportive mattress like a new Simmons beauty or a queen set from our good friends at dialometres. This Simmons beauty rest features individually pocketed coils. So you won't feel your partner moving during the night. Not price to just $5.99. This for a limited time only. So pick up the phone and call 1-800 mattress right now and tell me what the Neil deal. That Simmons beauty rest just at $599 bucks. Plus, of course, if every dialometres purchase will be donated to the hurricane continue to relief fund. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same date and liver out across south Florida. By calling 1-800 mattress, you'll also choose from the deep selection going anywhere. And as always, you still pick the date and time for delivered a figure schedule. Dileometres on time 99.7% of the time. I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Momeister. So you're going to call 1-800 mattress for the best deal going or log under their website, mattress.com. 1-800 mattress have a great night sleep tonight on a new bed from dialometres and for years to come. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Leave off the last test because it stands for Sensational Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-A-S. Yeah. Welcome from top protectors where we get to our run mind. Oh, they died in the way. We had a high race pass with a G-L-O-K. Oh, don't put them blame on me. And they come from my vacation for a photo of a T-T. Swing your partner around and round. Now, do those swimmers through the war with stounters from to the left to the right. Here we go. Swing a little mud out, those see-go. Oh, God, train up. Life in those people free. And the person who needs the end of Andy Pinsford and their right team. A round. No, from the makers of their civil life. It's a brand new reality show that's bigger, better, faster, and stronger. It's the Syrian life. Starry. Hoes, Inc. and Seiko. You mark McGuire. And you're up by hell, Paul Mow. These episodes got to you by Balco. And begins inside one of the bathrooms of the Serenves' life's house with Mark McGuire and Jose Conseiko. There are six in a long-sarsinç zone. So we're gonna ask the slow-fuel man to raise the problem. Why don't you start by dropping your pants? Alright, then. Now, well, well, you're probably up if you buy no more. And it's gonna hurt him up. So you might wanna grab on to something. Like the tower. Okay, I'm ready. All of a K and go in need in three, two, one, two. Oh, goodness. Oh, man. Oh, man. Hey, what are you guys doing in there? Oh, nice, Raphael. And a f***ing. I know what you're doing in there. And you said you would do me for their Jose. Raphael, it's not what you think. He's just helping me with my brushing up. No, comb it up. No way. Wiping up my heart. Shut up. I'm coming in. No! Where Jose and Mark doing with Raphael thought? Where Jose and Mark doing with Q thought. And why does Jose like to take so many men into the bathroom stall anyway? Find out tomorrow on an old new episode of The Serenves' life. One of the silly questions he's killed by a, that's the answer to the question. Who? One. 19, a Q.A. I wonder what Iliana was in a dana. You'll do it right in your light. I wonder what she has to say about Raphael and all this other stuff. You know, after that embarrassing performance at the first thing where that Congressional hearing avoids. Oh, and of course, Raphael, Pau-Mau, and you're so wonderful and Jose, I hope you learned from his experience. Yeah, right. The most pandering, disgusting piece of turd man that ever came down to pike. Leave it to her to be representative of South Florida. The scouts, speaking of disgusting people, saying truth or ability. And allowing the Iraqi government. Oh, brother. Stop it. Okay, just take a stock and stock and stuff. What is the phone? I bet you got a big package downstairs. Maybe it's $10 million in carry or when we can man. You're going to go get it. So I'm looking at those. They're not going to go get it. I'm looking at those yellows and boy, they kind of sure get it. You know what to get in the sock? Yeah, they're. Wow. And Brad and all the way up to the Palm Beach all the way up to Northwest Palm. It's on a way to Jupiter baby because the next band, the outer band, all the way to the fourth person store. Those people up there, they deserve it. All campuses are brought to many colleges. We'll close the three o'clock to set up noon. Ebing classes are canceled. School resume as scheduled tomorrow morning. You got that BCC closes at three. Ebing classes canceled do and school resume as usual tomorrow. Okay. Don't say we didn't send you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon, sing in the wireless line. We got a lot room for a lot of calls between now and two. Let's get a whole bunch of men or we'll put on double rum spell. I got a racky. Oh, do I'm saying? What a threat. Yeah. How many QAM? Hello. Do you make me see a lot dancing? I'll Brian, calm down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon and sing in the wireless line. Day in the corner board. And of course, once this format delay kicks in, then I'll just stay on what's going to write. That'll be too late. I have time to potski around with these people. Okay. How's that pull coming? Amazingly. We got some votes on there today. We got 800 and 30 votes. 800 and how many? About two and a half. What one thing you wanted to owe before you die most, most curious about is their life after that 209. You silly people. Is their life on other planets? 1, 12, 37. Who kills AFK 119? Why 50% of America's so dumb 75? Is there really a God 75? Was 9, 11, they knew con conspiracy 58? His Hank will regain 37. What if an 11 herbs and spices the kernel uses 26? Why are Toshio colors such a whole 13? Where's Oshamiya Mama 13? This is my spouse cheat on me 12. Who killed Kock Robin 11? How many licks does it take to give you to the center of a 20 pop 10? What's the secret of the big max secret sauce 10? Is it a horseshoe or a 40 clover of Greg Reigns? Back to him. Ask 8. Did you go ask him yet? No. This is my spouse no. I cheat 8 is Elvis still alive 5. Who shot 2 pack 4? And who killed Merlin Monroe? Which is a good one, but it's got so far the big. Oh. Merlin Monroe, who's at their sin? WQAM. Hello. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Is there a close-ack in heaven? WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you I wanted to thank you. I know that you've been talking about people but not going on your website since the pictures are off. But I want to say that everything I want your articles and there's the most informative. You really can't get them anywhere else because of our liberal media. Yeah. Well, unless you sit there and go through about 30 different websites every day, which is the most people I'm trying to do. Right. I was actually thinking about printing them out and distributing them as a pamphlet because, you know, I'm actually I'm real sick of what I see on the TV. I know President Payne for hurricane after hurricane out there because the news is just a bomb in the world. But I didn't want to thank you for those articles and I read everything on every day. Well, job less you, Pali, and thanks a lot. Absolutely. Take care. God bless you. Damn good. But you like that? Maybe you can put him in a pamphlet. They'll get, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll not do that. I don't think. Don't be hinting about in public on street corners. Do it like that. Right. I'm the desk because of the case in public hanging out that, you know, that left his propaganda. Don't turn yourself in another left-wing spin-mister. How's that guy doing the face shot for having a, the drug dealer? He's still doing it. You know how fast that story, like disappeared. I'm not saying he wore a burp. Murderers. You're a couple of murderers. The swatain baby, but I'm being, oh, he had a scale in there. That is the American effort way, man. If they were doing his good of a job, we're going out and getting these terrorists. Oh, and I see, and I mentioned that's why he had that tape again yesterday. We don't care. You mentioned it. What is that that you're playing? Pink from swatain. That was the thing from swatain. I can just barely hear it. That's loud enough. Oh, there you go. He's a real mother. WQAM Hello. Look at that kneel. Speaking. Meal. Yes. Your hung like a timbit. Okay, good. WQAM Hello. Meal Rajas. I'm big of a pardon. Meal Rajas? Speaking. Yes. Hello. Speaking. Can you do a man? Can you pull this one off? Let's see. Hello. Okay. I'll stop. Well, we had a. Uh. See what I mean? If you want me to give you a little dissertation on what's wrong with the accounting by everybody wanted out. There is one of the, he's the poster child for it right there. WQAM Hello. Yeah, it's no second hand. Okay. WQAM Hello. QAM. Yeah. Where's the damn locked mess mob to find him? I think if you've been over and check in your window, you'll find it right there, man. I got your monster right here. Of course, it's probably pretty crowded. WQAM Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Hey, man. I'm real fired up over here. I'm called. I called the ancestry last night and they said, I'm related to that mungle. King of Khan. And on top of it, I hear this afternoon that mulling in today. Yeah. Come on, you. It's me, man. Game is gone. Now, let me ask you this. Is any cops still driving at? Or what? 152 and 3. I think it's a metal land. Angus Khan. Fourth race tonight by the way. Punter guts out. Uh, and I ate it is that, oh and eat. I thought for a second was an eye. I got really nervous. A 45. We got to shot an eye hundred. Oh, look at this. The storm is intense to find out. Can't have a two mile test. If you can't get the key, you can't go to get a direct hit. I hope the eye or the eye wall. But certainly has been getting battered all of the. Now that it's category two. Oh, look at that. Like those stronger winds. This is going to be increasing the storm surge. And that is one of our biggest concerns about this storm storm search. Category two ranges usually between six and eight feet. And should that coincide with high tide, which is at two thirty. This afternoon and he was, that would be six to eight feet on top of that high tide level. Here. Yeah, here. Hey, by the way, here are you, you bush, uh, but liquor. Man, she makes me sick. This is the one that was given, uh, Nancy Pelosi a bunch of crap. As for once in her life, Nancy stood up like a real man and she whipped the slap back at her. If you want to be a spokesman for the administration, why don't you go ahead and do it? Something like that. Some smart and nice going. Nancy. Oh, there's your president and go for Mississippi again. There you go. Oh, thanks for having me. Yeah, thanks for having me. No, we don't want you to know. And this is your Roger. This is five sixteen two eight. Roger. Thank you for being here. Is your spouse really the worst at something? The monica says that her husband is worse at decorating. Yeah. And she's ready to fix up the family room. Do you guys think this marriage is in trouble? No, actually, let me tell both of you something. If somebody else hadn't told you before, let me tell you now, it's over. No. It's over. And it ought to be over. Beautiful. Bitch. Shut up. That's tough. You know, like, well, actually, Dr. Phil, I love my wife. I really do. She is crazy and ridiculous. Yeah. And some other things that I'm not going to mention. Okay. So I've called in some health. So if I'm any involved, I think, and in fact, she's on the phone. Are you there, Bob? Yes, I am, Dr. Phil. Okay. Now, Bob, I want to tell people about you. So you know, okay. Well, I'm a professional homemaker and gold figure. And I am looking forward to this monica's husband away from her. Yeah. All right. So what do you think? Yes. Yes. Okay. It's not working for me. Deal with it. But that monica. So we're going to get up with Bob after the show. Okay. And you need to put more energy into your drink and buddies before the sun goes down to death. Okay. Yeah. He's the best I've talked to, too. Rimes with Swill. I'm speaking of Swill. But the vision about what this important part of the world is going to look like. Oh, yeah. I know what it's going to look like. I'm like, you're a victim. Yeah. Oh, and Noah indicates that Reed has reached 100 miles an hour. And it's now category two, like we told you, like, a couple of minutes ago. On the San Francisco, on the San Francisco, North Cross, what's the name? Come all the scales. It's so easy to forget. And there's a special advice, we're coming up a two o'clock, which we already knew about that. So remind me about five to two to just check for it again all the way won't get. Yeah. Mind me to check the Sun Central website because they want you to just have it. Because it certainly won't be on the Noah website because there was not their hammer in a way, man. He's building that arc and he's having a pop or two as well. Okay. Here's the deal. The work in the National Work and Centers lifted the hurricane watch for Broward. The county's mass transit system will resume regular bus service effective two o'clock this afternoon. You're going to go out on the bus. I don't think so. Even in the subway. Why do that? Buses over Zoom in their normal weekday service schedule at two. Paratransit services also resume rural operations. That's in Broward. Tropical storm warning for Broward still in the fat ground county's also still in rate. Turned it watch until five and a floodwalk until six o'clock tonight. So it makes a lot of sense to me that the buses are going. Well, probably a lot of people went to work this morning being unsuspecting, right? Right. Like us. The US Coast Guard Expressory Open Forum Everglades this afternoon. All afternoon shift line handlers and harbor masters should report to work at their normal times. County officials be saying patrol in trucks are continuing to operate from Spangler Boulevard, the Statewood 84 Infraints. Spangler Boulevard. Hmm. Man, Marine terminals being permitted to operate once the ports were open and terminal securities in place. If we're loaded out Hollywood International Airport's in Mundo, however airlines of cancelled flights and experiencing delays, grab a little car your airline before going to the airport for departures or to pick anybody up. Hurricane Hotline in Broward is 9.5.4.831.4.9.5.4.831.4.8 And Mayor Kristen Jacobs will hold a televised media conference at the Broward County Emergency Operations Center. And five of the staff members are out of these bus gates for those who want to watch that. Probably we're pretty boring. Right now now upgraded to a category to hurricane, wind and rain pounding the Florida keys and predictions of the hurricane's path. Have people on the move from New Orleans to Dallas in Texas? I live come. And you see that's bad because it is going to like just miss key west but the north, the eastern part of it is what's so that's what's going to nail the keys. Right. The bad part. The dirty part. For all those dirty people on the keys man, it's bad news for them. If they stuck around, especially that trailer trash. Crazy nuts. Five six seven speaking of crazy nuts. Let's take a few more calls. Man, they've been sensational this hour. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless lines. WKOM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. On your website. I love it. What I can't. I got a mac and torch and I can't see. Get the upload some of the videos. Any of you. Yeah. He didn't do computer. Five six seven five sixty pound five six and the Verizon. I mean if you got mac and touch man. And after the day keeps our website away. And that what they say. That's what you just said. Why does anybody have a mac? All I thought that was a rhetorical question. It is. WKOM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How's it going? Pretty good. Okay. Listen. Just a couple of comments. I just wanted to hear your your opinion. My take. Yeah. You think. Does anybody who hires these announcers to do football? Do they listen to these guys? I mean Joseph Gacky is just so. I know you said it. But he is so bad. And if you give him a Jimmy and Joe. They're unresolved man. If you give him an elicent. They're terrible man. And every report I get is worse than the previous one. It just the Jimmy is about as qualified to those. Yeah. I'm about as qualified to go over to Mountside. Our hospital here to settle into brains or dreary open hearts or dreary. Jimmy's simple is to do play by place sports. I'm probably bad. I'm a good. YouTube. No. He's absolutely unqualified. You just can't cut it. Sweetheart. Jimmy's simple is good guy. It's a joke. It's a gacky. I totally this over and over again. It's not personal. It's business. He's a really good guy. Damn you're died during hurricane Andrew. Rist is like there in that chopper. Is he that airplane? I was in airplane. Well, whatever it was. Tying went down to where like three people on it. Two of them died and go survive. And you know, and some of you people that have no heart. You're going to go. Yeah. No. It's a good guy. But for crying out loud. He's just so ponders and boring. And like a boring guy tries to be exciting. That's even worse. You know what I'm saying? Like when he starts with at routine. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my is right. Oh, my. Yeah. That's what the audience is saying. I mean, just some people have a personality and some need a personality transplant. And that's Joe and Jimmy's syphilis. He's so low. He's coma inducing. You may stay van boring. So I like a Mexican jumping being in heat. That's how coma inducing he is. But then again, you know, you're dealing with a bunch of people pretending to be broadcast He's over there. Oh, yeah. We're going to show you. Show in a world. That's what you're showing. Joel, you loser. Just keep flushing on money down the toilet. You know, see, this is the thing that just amazes me. It's amazing that there are so many people with no lives who are in the beginning. The first place, in front of you, in the 24 hour sports talk, the same rehash of the same crap. Oh, that's always amazed me. But the fact that there are people who are so obsessed with doing it themselves, you know, like that, uh, what was the guy I've hurled but end his foster. And then of course, do got you know, who's dead. He's got to the guts a lot of money and all of a sudden he's a big shot. You're still a flunky baby. You're still a, you're still like a board-off is what you are with a, uh, with a, and of course he must have given them a good song in advance. And that fan thing. What am I talking about all these operations, man? That's in the fail. Sports talk is like nickers pretty soon. It's like, uh, uh, and look at that way to see the trend on Friday, man. Yeah. Well, let's said the better sports talk. My ass. Same people. Same the same stuff. I, I'd rather your hand can mad dog doing just, uh, you know, anything. Just be on and be in them. Sure. In a panic, be a real hoot, you know. You know, saying the colors may think we got back. Are worse drugs, the people that we wish would die. Those colors are far superior to the suckles that call in sports talk. Well, what do you think? I think the check is going to be on the MVP again. I think they do have a, same terminal stuff over and over again. So the idea that some of these going to spend a whole lot of money like this, a Joel Feinberg, I am four and a half million year for the dolphins. I got news for a man. Give me better off going out and find a good high school team to broadcast. You might get a bigger tune in audience and get some high school kids to broadcast it to while you're at it. This is the new Roger. This is 5. 16. 8. 8. 8. 7. 8. 7. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 7. 6. 7. 7. 9. 9. Pale-stein. 8. 1000 on the point. Hawaiian I'm going to get ready for the next one. I'm just going to get ready for the next one. I'm talking about dark reds. Still just coming on during day counting especially. Tommy's evening. Kind of because that's what I said. All you people who have had on your green tooth old a Farts better head for the hills. The reds are coming. As her came between a board down on the Gulf Coast three weeks ago. Veteran workers at FEMA, Brace for an epic disaster. But their bosses political appointees with almost no emergency manage of experience didn't seem to share the sense of urgency. If you have been a veteran be seen. We told these fellows that there was a killer hurricane heading right toward the warlands. Leo Bosner 26 year female employee and union leader told CNN. We had that our job but they didn't do theirs. Bosner's door morning came early Saturday three days before Hurricane Katrina came to show an eastern Louisiana. Norlans is a particular concern because of that city much of it lies below sea level. He warned in his daily alert. So how much security secretary Michael Shirtoff then theme a chief Mickey Brown Brownie and other Bush administration officials downtown Brownie. If the hurricane wins blow from a certain direction there are dire predictions of what may happen in the city. It said, FEMA's tapet response while Katrina's victims grew desperate suffered and died has been acknowledged in widely criticized. The agency's failure was a tragic element of the hurricane between the story. But according to Bosner, FEMA's troubles came as no surprise after its role in stature shifted when federal agencies were reshuffled in response to 9.11. A long time union leader, Bosner's been a whistleblower before this time he says, Colleges are quietly thanking him for speaking out. A year ago he raised concerns that Brown was in over his head. That's Brownie to you. Brown stepped down earlier this month after being removed from leading the government's Katrina relief effort. After resigning he criticized local officials and interviewed New York Times saying the White House wasn't in fall. I have nothing personally against Mike Brown, Bosner told CNN, I feel badly about the gravity took a job he was never trained for. The man was a lawyer. FEMA formally independent agency led by a cabinet level officials was among the 22 federal agencies shuffled into the Department of Homeland Security by the Bush people. Brown was an undersecretary who answered the Secretary of Homeland Security. Before joining the Bush administration in 2001, Brown had spent a decade as the stewards and judges commissioner of the International or maybe in horse associations we've talked about many times. A horse is asked. Oceation. Warsan post reported earlier this month at the top three female officials had ties to Bush's 2000 presidential election campaign. Five of eight top female officials had no crisis management experience whatsoever. Shared off and Brown have legal backgrounds but scant emergency management experience. Brown came to work in FEMA in 2001 as legal counsel was college buddies college roommate. Then FEMA director Joe Alba, who was Bush's 2000 campaign manager, Brown assumed the top job in all baller FEMA in 2003. Shared off as a former federal prosecutor in a pellet court judge. As a prosecutor he was involved in developing legal strategies for dealing with terrorism following the 9 level of attacks. He was appointed Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security in February by a 98 to 0 Senate vote. Good job, Senator. Nice work. Just like the great job they did, and not challenging the 2000 presidential election results. Good job. Spineless cowards. Shared off worked from home to the bus near first one of the Hurricanes catastrophic potential for New Orleans. CNN's Tom Foreman reported. Tom Foreman, that was the map guy by the way, boys he and New England or what. Oh God. Shared off also has been criticized for writing a memo that after Katrina struck delegate in 30 to Browney. And deferring to the White House rather than taking charge. Shared off hasn't commented but a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said he was in touch with the state. He was in touch with Brown the weekend between approach New Orleans. The Homeland Security spokesperson also defended the memo saying it merely put in writing procedures already in place. But the National disaster plant states that Homeland Security is in charge of the response to the disasters like Katrina. We ought to play rapiders in and Corina, Corina. We don't have one got cuttrinable. We got Corina. Folks enough. Was that a hit? What about Rina? Is there a redisome? Oh yeah, what about redisome? That one. That one. Yeah, very good. Boy, he got his thumb on it or what? Oh, middle finger actually. So look at those reds and those oranges and continues moving across. And like you said, the dirty side, the dirty part of the hurricane, that eastern and northeast of the quadrant is going right over Key West. So the next couple of hours. If I was in a Keys, I'd probably like right now to ask myself one question. How come I'm still there? How come I'm so stupid, you know? If I still have a mirror left, it isn't broken. I go look at it. Wonder, ask myself the musical question. How is it that I'm so dumb? So stupid. Yeah, stupid. As somebody we know would say. Don't forget, we got no more. Don't do do do do do. We got Curtis Stevenson and two are clocked this afternoon. A breath of fresh air. And then of course we assume we'll be back tomorrow. Unless he still out of town is. Josh said. Do you want to be out of town? I don't know. I'm sure that the entire software community is on pins and needles. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162A6. Oh yeah. For a compound process, this way we get to our online game. All they died in the lazy animal, I race past the team open. Oh, uh, cannot, don't put the blame on me. But they come from my vacation for a photo of a community. Swing your partner, rounding around. Now fill those shum up to the wall of a sound. Swing to the left to the right. Here we go. Swing a little more. How those see go. Oh, cut, train up. Like in those people feed. The person who needs the other. And it gets from their right feed. All right. Talk about your 10th year old presidents. What do you ain't kidding? Goodbye George. You got to go real mile. You got to go home. Push the fan on the bio. With you sure for a quick when it came to sick. Cherry Shimon. Son of a bush is a food your two shall say goodbye young. That's a tragic while people drown. You played around a relaxing golf. Well he was on vacation. I already used a bucket of cookies. That's half a femto. Boots? Can you know one can to even prepare for the worst of the area. You and the one busy have inferred in fashion. No, no. You're on best to get at a later date. That's real bullshit. Dull, think you're shit too much. The ones that you can't lock, duh. So it don't contain you. But no one will get planes like with agent planes. No hedge will roll. Of course. Hand as for basically a slap on the wrist and no charges file. What a surprise. Because you're a liar. No one gets fired with each new mess. No panic. Under death toll, a slip in the poles. That's no problem. No fix it. You're spitting the sheemle deal with new will. Leans. Because that's fair job. As for you, son of a bush is a foot in your tuition. You're an asshole. We just don't understand. You got blood on your hands, but what no brain. No, I'm a problem, son. You made it obvious that these can most of us. You have no shame. Shane, what's that? And what's with that smurf? You stupid jerk when people have died. Oh, son of a bitch. You should be a bitch. And we mean, punty. I know a hall of favor and get them. Now you're here. Yeah, guess. We all need a bush, vacation. I want my money. I want my money. Increasingly, extended periods. We all need a bunch of strong, strong, strong, and tender stay forever. I just got back to my world when the tour. It's hard work. It's hard work. I've got to say, don't run. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. Read us, drive to the lead. And with everything rolling on it, he did what any of us would do. He went on vacation. Hey, spotted, let us work this whole. But we have a lot of, a lot more work to do. Now get back to work. All of that all we really, dead no time long, so... I only get two weeks of it, facing the year. And we're coming to the day, we're facing the situation. And all we love from the day that we have come. And there we're two back there. We're going to get two more days. You call, have any medications. I'll come to all the medication. If you don't want to see it. We don't want to fall in the ground. I've got to get back to work. Okay, watch with the nine. And I'll let's talk about time Curtis Davidson for a day. No more. I'm 13. You realize, if you put your elbow, you get the elbow, reset your. You can make a thousand, but whenever we need to. Thought about it. I ran out of. I'm a good person. I ran out of elbow. I heard that fast. You're fair. Nine hundred thirteen votes. Well, one thing we want to know most before he's. Who die? Is their life after that? Two twenty three. Is their life another planet's one forty five. Four. Whatever it is. Who kills AFK one twenty four? Why fifty percent of America's so dumb 87 is the really. A guy to be one was 9 level in the Eocon conspiracy 65. His ankle broke gay 51. What are they? 11 herbs and spices. The kernel be used in 29. The most popular talk show called her such a hole 15. Where's Oshamiyama 14. There's my spouse T. 14. Who killed cock robbing 12? How many licks does it take to get a center of a titsipop? 10. What's the secret? The big max secret sauce in Barbara Bush. 10. Is it a hursure for the club Rob Greg Reid? Yes. 9. There's my spouse no I cheat eight. Who shot two pack five? Is Elvestyl life five? Who killed Merlin or Rowa one? And where is he? Bye.