Ground makes the catch a super play.
Roni had to go way way down along the basin bullpen along the line and in five
ground with his back to the plate made the chance to find a.
I know where two places the major of the game playing left field.
This second basement is done.
John Pagan over to tremendous home run in the first inning and bounce to Roni.
He's one for two that was now 14 out of 15 retired by
Bob Susa.
There's a strike gets on one.
Susa walked only while he struck out four.
Here's the O one delivery in there strike two O and two and Susa
continuing to stay way out in front on the headers hitters.
You're listening to WN WS South Miami Miami great crowd on hand and
they're enjoying it so far.
The hurricanes with a five to lead in the bottom of the six.
Susa lines here the O two pitch.
Please welcome out.
Five strikeouts for Susie is now struck out 15 of 16.
First face must be not this.
I fire up Susie best performance of the year so far and it turns
at the greatest time in the world for Ron Fraser.
Getting for Omaha.
5,874 just under the 6,000 market tremendous crowd here on a holiday
Sunday night.
And they haven't been disappointed here's Andy Moffat he's one for two
and scored a one pitch from Susa is a ball outside one and oh.
Far and away Susa's outstanding pitching performance of the year and
it couldn't have come at a better time.
Right hand to lines in the one oh pitch to the plate.
Right to breaking pitch of the knees one and one he is really bringing it.
The food that can pick like this in Omaha not to be jumping the gun.
The hurricane's really can have everybody under the offensive.
Here's the one one.
There's a swing in a sharp bouncing ball to second.
Cionic gobbled it up throw to first in time.
16 out of the last 17 batters retired by Laudice in the inning.
No runs no hits no errors.
No one left on at the end of six full innings and mark light stadium.
Hurricane five steps into.
2.
Let's go to this game and write a
The two of you.
The
it was the seventh junio apartment components
about
200 that
I'm going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
You're going to throw the shabby out.
This is open to tonight.
Also rocked and scored a one in the fourth.
And it was that rock that started the five-one uprising against Maloney.
Up to that point it had been invincible.
Here's the one-o to Cione.
Here's a swing in a rip-porn second and buy it a set of field of base hits.
Cione hits first, should have been item of hurricane seven.
5,874.
We'll attend in here.
And we'll add that to the total we had before.
And just a second and bring in the total attendance for the tournament.
Where is Lasbe stepping in?
He was one for three and scored a one.
Stretched by Robbie Smith, an offered holding Cione.
The pitch to the plate is a breaking pitch outside one and a half.
14,581 and met in spite of the inclement weather that we had the first day
and hanging over us much of the day yesterday.
It's tremendous tribute to the baseball fans here in the Miami area.
Cione elated first, there's nobody out.
Robbie Smith to the belt and our heart's full of first in Cione just slipped back.
Very close play in a good move.
We mentioned yesterday that Robbie's got a good move to first and he showed it to us again.
Smith taking plenty of time.
Let's be waiting on a one ball nose strike pitch instead.
Another heart's full of first and they got him.
Cione was leading the wrong way.
So, Mick has picked off and again Robbie Smith showed us that quick pick off move
and he caught Cione leaning in the wrong direction and you could see him bestfully
try to change direction and mid screen.
Couldn't quite do it.
So one down, that cleared the bases and let's be with a one ball nose strike count.
Smith lines here for pitch and lets the lucha ball pull up high,
starts the instant of aim with.
Up next here in the hurricane seven.
Mine with five runs, seven hits and pull airs, set some pull-ons, three hits in one air.
There's a pull air to us beyond the way.
Swing in a mess, pulling one, trying to get fast by him.
Steps him out, 39 and 17 on the way to hurricane 49 wins, 17 losses in one five.
Where's the two on pitch, swinging a mess, pulling two.
You're right, so that about to flow to win.
Wouldn't count that when a 40 is right.
Don't want to take anything away.
And as you have all the credit in the world.
The way they came back against Florida yesterday showed us the hurricane.
It came right back again against the US.
Three to pitch.
There's a swing and a drive to let sea of manzoons going back on a warning track and makes the catch.
Lovely, isn't that one a pretty good drive?
A manzoan caught up with it on the warning track, without number two in here, saucy.
The distance made it in number 37, saucy.
saucy is fly to right double the knocking of one and scored and bounced the third one for three.
And then RBI and the fourth inning is 70 if he'd be here.
The tie, the all-time hurricane record set by Frank Cantor last year.
Lobby Smith throws.
Hi, over his head of balls.
So Frank Cantor has such a great career here at the university.
He's seen his records fall very rapidly.
The home run record is 17.
He's still laying demolished to Lisa on out to 21.
And saucy has tied and very likely to surpass the RBI record.
But certainly, none of that's diminishing in any way.
The tremendous year that Cantor had last year.
Especially last two years and that after one batter left.
Lobby Smith lines here to one-oh pitch.
saucy looks at the fastball up and easy for the outside part of the plate one and one.
Sam Richards if he's asking himself why he didn't go for that one.
One-one inside, back to us, he out of there, it's two and one.
That's him scored a pair in the first and the hurricane's five and the fourth inning.
And that's been all the scoring.
Here's the two on the saucy on a way.
The low, three and one.
Nelson Santa Vanya in the object circle, he would be next.
Smith lines, two on pitch on a way, is low if the ball four.
So the two on the saucy is on for the second time in the game.
First, walks by Smith, fourth by step in pitching.
And here's Santa Vanya, is that another good game?
Nelson is bounced out with hit by a pitch and scored and single also stole a base.
He is one for two.
So the two on the first base, Andy Mothin with a ten in the back of his uniform holding saucy aboard.
They were two down and Santa Vanya steps in.
Santa Vanya last night on court, he's 9-10 on the board against the scoreboard.
Smith to the belt, saucy to the lead and here's the pitch for Santa Vanya.
Nelson checks off a low breaking delivery, it's 1-0.
Now we're working our artillery as it locks plenty at here in this game tonight.
Here's the stretch in the 1-0 pitch, Santa Vanya a big swing in a miss one and one.
Forced he is shortly to first as Robbie Smith has the sign and now hard to it at first, the sand comes back standing up.
Smith peering in is a less key, not the signing once.
Here's the stretch and the 1-1 pitch.
Swing in a basket and a breaking pitch, 1-2 at Santa Vanya way off balance at time, 1 ball, 2 strikes.
One and two with two outs, saucy at first.
Smith ready to work again, here's the stretch and saucy goes, pitch is swung on and missed the stuck him out.
First like out to Robbie Smith, no one hit, no air is in a man left and now if you had a pitch in a half inning here at Mark Leight's stadium, the score remains, the hurricane's five and sets him to.
They go out of the bottom of the seventh, we're really moving along in this one here and Robbie Smith speaking and moving along is retired 16 of the last 17 minutes faced.
The only steps in the reach base was the last people rock with two down back in the fourth inning and that's the net.
Seth is going both of their runs back in the first inning.
Reeva's the last one, Mico, here in the seventh.
Reeva's single been locked in a right and bounced to short, he's one for two.
Freshman, right hand to Rob Caesar looking in to get the sign from Santa Vanya.
Caesar, wines and here's the pitch, back ball, right down the heart of the plate, all in one.
I don't know whether we mentioned last thing but we mentioned it now, Orlando Artili is a battered player of Alaska as a couple of things back as we're made in the beginning and playing in left field.
All in one on Reeva.
Caesar wines, the O-1 pitch, swing in the base of the breaking pitch, way out in front of the counters O-2.
Caesar's walked one struck out five.
This counter really been ready right from the start.
Almost 6,000 on hand.
Caesar taking a little time, wines and here's the O-2 pitch.
Caesar swinging a bouncing ball to lane at third, long throw to Lesbius right on the muddy throughout number one.
17 out of 18, retired by Rob Caesar.
Here's Lesbius.
Lesbius bounced out and walked, he's 0 for one.
My mention, they pull those of us on the media for the outstanding alternative team and Reeva already filled out most of our ballad.
And Celesky, especially, certainly gets our votes for catcher.
He has been very impressed, he's not only defensively, but at the plate.
He looks at a fastball in there as strike.
Celesky, of course, with two home runs, one of them has faith measures job over the scoreboard in the US after him earlier.
He is outstanding.
He is the O-1, breaking pitch low, one and one.
And you can really see the Caesar's got him way off balance.
As many of the steps and hitters taking kind of a half swing at a lot of the lower areas of Caesar.
Here's the wine of the one-one curve and it's over the inside corner.
What I'm sure he is really mixing him up well.
Celesky, looking inside, watching out of his strikeout, one down over the on.
Here's the one-two pitch powered out of play.
He's throwing nothing but strikes up there.
I said to the one man he walked, he has not been behind us here all night.
The only difficulty in the first inning is John Takenoe, who had a tremendous amount of the centipede offense.
And then the air by Lesby was really responsible for the other steps and run.
Here's the wine, another one-two pitch.
He's sucking out.
Blackout number six or Caesar.
18 out of 19.
And here is Alex Rico, the D.H. who has popped to Lesby on a good play in a second and then popped to Rona in the fourth he's over two.
He's down nobody on when they step in seven.
Caesar throws, fastball right down the middle of the belt, all on.
Caesar wines, here's the on pitch.
Sway and there's a bouncing ball to Rona at short.
Charges up with a throw is in time.
19 out of 20.
No runs, no hits, no airs, no one left on base at the end.
So seven full innings of Marklite's stadium.
It's still a hurricane five, step in two.
The Oragis Morlubo back at Marklite's stadium and the hurricanes are six outs away from their fifth consecutive flip to Rona.
Grant Stunna College, who wrote series.
White handed Robbie Smith, who came on back to the six-footing in the release of Starter Mike Maloney.
He'll go to Elaine Velasco's in fields in the hurricanes eight-tune.
Velas fouled out, single to knock in two runs and struck out one for three.
Probably a sitting for the hurricane, third base met, zero eight.
So here's Elaine stepping in there.
Against Robbie Smith for the first time in a game.
Smith wines, here's the pitch.
Elaine looks at a high inside, delivery one ball to the strike.
Hurricane five runs, seven hits and two airs and set them two runs, three hits.
And they committed one air in the game.
One out of the lane, low and outside, two and off.
Because this crowd of six thousand would like nothing better than to see this Elaine jolt one right now.
Pulling out in the cast.
Robbie Smith wines, here's the pitch on the way.
Elaine looks at a strike, delivery outside, four and a half.
The letters are two and one.
Nobody on, nobody on, here in the hurricane, they're sitting.
Robbie Smith wines, here's the pitch.
There's a swing and a long drive to right field, right in back at the pitch.
It is, oh, there's a good drive.
The number's less than two, but it's not far, so it goes up.
A standing ovation for Elaine, his 20 second homer of the year and his 60 seventh on the eye,
and that one was out of here with lots to spare again.
When he hits him, they are gone into orbit, and the artillery is alive here tonight.
And it's a six to Miami lead, that's the third RBI of the night for Elaine.
Here's our fillies, he's open one.
That field is open, round the artillery.
Here's the pitch from Smith and our place, bunch of back of the plates like one.
That is Lane's fourth home run in this regional tournament.
Three of them yesterday, we had two three run homers and two solo shots,
and he is now driven in 10 runs, as far as we know,
the Dutch offensive performer by a single performer in the entire NCAA tournament.
Jeff lead better by comparison, had no home runs.
The lane had been able to untrack some of the problems he was fighting earlier in the season
and a couple of months earlier, there's no telling what he would have done this year.
All on, our fillies are fouled again, it's all in two.
But certainly the last month, Lane has just been tremendous,
rarely striking out, early in the season, there's foul amounts, he was striking out an awful lot.
But very seldom, it's been striking out lately, and even with two strikes, it's dangerous here now.
One three two home runs, so is he with 15.
All in two on our tillies, Robbie Smith lines and throws, a ball outside, one and two.
So that's a little more cushion now for Rob Suzy, the hurricane's open of six to lead.
One two to Orlando on the way is high for ball two, two and two on our tillies.
That's an only three hits in the ball game, and all of them came back in that first inning against Suzy.
Smith has the sign, right hand here, let it here's the two two pitch, and our tillies looks at ball three low.
So he had Orlando in the hole, and two, and now he's got a full count, three and two.
Left hand is better, Orlando, our tillies waiting, and here comes the pay off pitch.
We're going to follow back on the screen, and Orlando hangs in there with a three two count.
I think you might assume that we've already voted for fill in, throughout standing play or the tournament.
I don't think anyone would question that.
Four home runs, 10 RBI, and good defenses, lay a third also by the way, impeccable play a third.
Earlier in the season, the vision was a strikeout problem, still was over the throwing, a lot of times from third, but boy he has rounded into perfection.
Three and two to count, here's the pay off to our tillies, and it's low for ball four, he walked in, Robbie Smith with his second walk, here in the Hurricanes eighth inning.
As activity continues in the Hatter's bullpen, and our tillies will leave with Dave Carr, which will run in the draw.
Like they stay in the game and play last field as we go to the bottom of the eighth inning.
So Dave Carr speeds the pitch running for our tillies, and Doug Shield will step in, and Pete Dunn is coming out, and Robbie Smith may be back.
As Robbie is allowed to lead off home of by Lane, and it's a man they shot way over the right field fence, and then they walked to Orlando Artilus.
So when I like to be able to be getting our third step from Titchy of the evening here, and coming on now is Jerry Wider's, a 5,1050 pound freshman from Orlando.
This is Wider's first appearance.
The new picture for the Hatter's is number 11, Jerry Wider, he replaces Robbie Smith.
The first appearance against the Hurricanes, the lead from the tournament is then Robbie Smith the parts, and Wider comes on.
Wider on the season, all his appearances in the lead, 37 innings and Titchy's allowed 26 hits, 17 runs, 3.65 is earned one average with a 4-1 record, 4 wins and 1 loss.
As Wider walks in, struck out 15, and Jerry Wider comes on now, replacing Robbie Smith, starter with Mike Maloney, who looked to a very impressive in the first 3 innings, and then lost it in the fourth, and finally departed the game in at number 6.
Wayne is ready to electrify this fight, all through the tournament, and it's time to the point where every time Phil comes up to the fight, without expecting a possible arm run, he has let him down to often.
14 official attacks for a lane in the tournament, the four home runs in 14 attacks, and additionally without a single, in the first game, and a single with two more RBI's here in this game.
6 for 14, not bad in tournaments, but almost 500, and that's coming from the 240 hitters.
13, OK, and we're getting the word that this is the farthest line season has gone on here, and is reindicated far and away, as most impressive as the performance of the season, and it certainly could not come at a better time.
13, so Wider, completing his warm up tosses at the moment, and Wider, Wider, completing his warm up tosses is ready to go, and she'll step in there now.
Susan was the losing pitcher in that 4-2 game, again in Stetson Beatmeyemi here at Mark Leifz Stadium earlier, with mention that earlier.
The first one was Moppet Holding, and here she goes, he's locked in single 1 for 2, and Douglas is at a low-inside pitch, one ball no strikes.
Buck knocked in a run and the fourth with that single also stole a base from a 6-3-2nd field of the year.
And the field department, Calvin James Leady, with 42, Rona, 36, and Shields, third with 32.
Here's the 6-1-0 pitch, Shields checked off, it's outside, 2-0 on deck, and he sure stops any runa.
Jerry Wider, the unright handed, looking to get the sign from, so let's see, Carl e, the first, where's the stretch and the 4-0 pitch, she's a strike-dive on the outside corner to it lost.
Wider ready to go again, here's a toss the first and Carl was leading the way, coming sliding back in a hurry.
Now let's start it out, as a bosomel weekend on the Friday with lots of rain and clouds, and we didn't even know if we'd get this tournament in.
But the weatherman cooperating a lot better, we just had that one rain delay yesterday for about 20 minutes, and today we've had no problems, it's been a beautiful day, and especially for the hurricanes all the way around.
Hart's for the first and Carl has to again scamp the back safe place.
If 90 wins this game, it would be their 17th consecutive victory in regional play.
Wider's stretch is collo-lead, and Carl goes, two out of swing and a mess, throw the second base, and he is going to be states of second base.
And for Carl, can that be right, only his second seal of the season?
That's what my statue says, at least one of them.
And I guess it is, he's been in a pinch water many times, with really not so many opportunities.
So in spite of his great speed, it hasn't really allacked up that many still in bases.
So there's number two, there's nobody out in Alabama in scoring position.
The count on Chios now is even a two balls and two strikes.
Wider ready, here's the stretch in the two two, and Chios looks at ball three up at the cap, three and two.
Lane, let off the inning with a tremendous home run, the Wider's 20 second of the year, and 67 runs that it in.
Artilles walked, lobby Smith the part of the defense point, and Dave Carl pitch running still second, and now the three two picks to Chios.
And hits in high and inside, and on the right hand, that Chios down, and obvious pain, and that's hope that he can shake that off.
And maybe it hit the bat first, let's say.
We could hear the sound, and now the umpire's having a little discussion, and what is the indication?
He was hit first before hit the bat as well, I believe, and I'll apply again, Walter Mercow coming up.
The umpire hasn't given us a definitive signal, all I believe he is going to send Chios to first base.
With all hit, you could hear it, but after the first hit, and Chios shaking it off, it's going to be okay.
I'll see a set by the pitch, and we'll go to first, and of course, the car remaining in second.
Chios with a smile on his face, who evidently, not in too much pain, as he shakes that one off.
We call all the assistant coach out to talk to one of the umpires, his head coach, Pete Dunn, arguing with the plate umpire about that.
Pete Dunn had a little problem with the umpires here on the earlier trip this year, and made an early exit.
We call him watching the end of that ball game, and we'll say one, four to two by the way,
so that's some good right over here to our left.
And so there's not two please for the men in blue on that day, but they're not a big argument here,
just to the specials for whether the ball hits the bat first or the hand, and the plate umpire willing it,
was a hit pass member of the ball hitting the hand.
That first.
Chios in first, car at second, Pete's speedy runner still nobody out in here's low enough.
Let's hear it stop, real low enough.
Rollin has stuck out, bounced out, and walk, he's over two.
Six pull Miami leading in the eighth, and the chance for Fountain to lead up some more.
Wider to the belt, and look back at the runners there now, let's see the ball's going,
here's the throw to third base, and it's going to be in 20, and now the ball is dropped.
The ball is dropped by Reva.
Everybody had their signals crossed on that play, as Chios took off on first,
but Car wasn't running from second, and with Chios coming, Car then had to take off,
and Celeste threw the ball to Reva, and he was waiting for Car there and dropped the baseball.
He could have written a letter home before he tagged him out, and he just dropped the ball right on the back.
So it winds up as a double steal, Chios is thirty third, Car is third, incredible.
The infield in, let our pitch inside almost hit Rotor with that,
what a two and a one, Wider had it in control, so I was going to cry out, he's not happy.
If you could hear it.
Reva really got a feel of very embarrassed on that one, as he had the ball waiting for Car,
Car was even, he wasn't sliding, competing, being out, and Reva dropped it right on the back.
Car is third, Chios is second, nobody out, infield's run away in.
Here's the stretcher, they two out around up, swinging, a fly ball will hit the left,
this is going back at the pitch and it is true.
This is Chios, Chios.
I'm going to draw the goal.
I'm going to draw the goal.
This is Chios.
I'm going to draw the goal.
I'm going to draw the goal.
I'm going to draw the goal.
That's the best result of Reva's footballer over here.
That's true.
Really Rona, he was electrified, his crowd was just a second home of the air,
but it was a tremendous shot, just to the right of the scoreboard,
and deep left center field, it is 9-9, that's in two.
Rona now with 52 runs batted in, and what a tournament he has had.
Just about everybody on this lineup, they're getting into the home run act.
The artillery has had it again, here's Calvin, he's won before.
Nobody out, nobody out, after the three-wide homer by Rona.
Strike at the name-zone and what on James.
Pack your bags, if we're getting ready for Omaha.
Jerry Ryder looking into Zeleski, Ryne, here's the O-1 to Calvin.
Strike two at the name-zone, two.
Rona, at least eight RBIs, and I can think of them in terms of eight.
Five in the game, yesterday against Bettson and three here,
between Rona and Lane, they have paralyzed the headers.
There's a swing in a ground ball to first, mop it up with it.
They'll toss to the pitcher wider covering to the entire Calvin throughout number one.
Three to one if you're scoring, and here's the O-8.
So the artillery did a little tie to this inning,
but Lane let it off of the tremendous solo home run, and then Rona,
a big blast, that's in a field fence.
There was no doubt about that one from the moment it left the bat.
Here's the O-8, a single and three advance also locked in the score to one,
one out and nobody on.
Widerwides and throws high a ball, one ball in those strikes,
Miami nine runs and nine hits, and Bettson two runs on three hits.
Widerwides, here's the one O-Pitch.
Outside of the finish two and O, the hurricanes have now scored
46 runs and three games, and we're not through this one yet.
P-O-Pitch inside three and O on C-O-1.
That's what he loves me will be next.
Almost 6,000 lifting on, and they have been treated tonight
to a real hitting exhibition again.
And there's a strike down the middle of C-O-3 and Watt.
Three, one.
As a swing at a hard shot to wipe C-O-Pitch,
the audience.
Second base.
Should have the hurricane.
10th.
The hit parade continues even
to Zama Kenzie never saw a hit
parade like the one of hurricanes
who put on here this weekend.
10 hits in this game so far.
They had nine against us.
F.F.F.F.19 and 19 against
that's the rest of the day.
38 and 36 runs and
Gary Wider who came on just a
moment or two ago is going to be
leaving 50 as Pete Dunne has
seen enough.
And Wider will be departing very
rapidly. He'll get off 4th step
to take it.
And he's ready to be
in 5th.
Jim Fyne at a right hand is
coming on 5th, 6th, 3th, 3th, 10th
of senior.
Some with his things blowing up.
And Jim Fyne is in the
32-7-5.
Five out 50.
Five out 50.
No, three.
Five feet wide.
Two, three, two, three.
Well in the midst of all of the
excitement that obviously will
be coming up and I'm not saying
this to be 20.
I'm not saying it because I
don't believe it.
I think that we really have to
tip our hats for Pete Dunne and
just that's him team.
They have been just really
shocked to be in the
lights out of me and I'm sure
a lot of other people the way
they've come back yesterday
just getting demolished by the
hurricane's 18 to 2 and so
many other teams just could
never have come back from that.
And especially then they have
to turn right around and play
Florida immediately following
falling behind them a very first
any 4-0.
That would be enough to do most
teams in an addition of course
to the tragic death of one of
their kids.
And so that's what he made
just a few days ago last
Monday.
So many things that have
happened before steps and
it have been on the negative side
and these kids have just
picked themselves up, come
from behind over and over again
and then at USF came earlier
today again when it looked like
the game is not there to be
one that were down 5-3.
They came back on a triple by
lever to tie it up and one of
them 11th and we just can't
say enough about the impressive
performance they've had here.
They were a little surprised
themselves to be invited to
the regional.
They had me 140 games yet
although they've won
up to their 40 now and they
thought perhaps they might
not have had enough wins
to be invited before they've
done themselves proud more.
The only ones who believed
in themselves, who believed in
them were themselves.
They never doubted that they
belonged here and they put
on a tremendous performance.
They have won the hearts of
the guys.
They have the true
single-relating with their
tournament.
Absolutely.
So you only have first with one
out in Opinion, Jim Fire
ready to go.
Here's Lesby, one for four
tonight.
Here's the stretch by
right-handed Jim Fire and instead
a lob the first and see only
back standing up.
I am nine.
Steps into it.
Here in the hurricane half
of inning number eight.
Here's the pick to the
plate and bounces up there
and again, Zoleski, another
good block.
Zoleski, they've seen him do
that probably 30 times
here this year going back
to the series.
Stetson played earlier this
season now this weekend.
And he really gets the
workout behind the plate that
does a nice job.
And this ball club, this
Stetson baseball program is
certainly benefit from this
experience and they're going
to be heard from again.
Here's the stretch and five
with a one-oh pitch and
Lesby checks off at
blowing outside to it all.
Sources in Santa Vanya to follow
here in the Miami-Lew
fitting only one out.
Lesby is the seventh man
who's hitting the inning.
I'm ready again to tell
right-handed as the only takes
off to always low football
three-throw to second is high
and not in time and see only
as his 26th soul in base of
the season.
So the hurricane's keep
demonstrating that they are
ready for that unhurt tournament.
They are ready in every
department of the game.
At five stay on bases for
Miami just to miss the
middle now.
So Ciony in scoring position
now at second with one out.
Say three nothing count on
Lesby.
Why ready to go here's the stretch
and the three out of Lesby.
Strike with a fastball
at the knees on the inside
part of the plate three and one.
The ball is ready to work.
Here's a look back at the
one of the three one pitch
and Lesby looks at ball four
low.
Lesby's on for the second time
tonight.
First walk five five five
as he walks the first 90
cases.
And the sixth walks given.
Well I said in pitch and
half-sort-three.
So here's the eighth man
about in the inning.
B.H. Sam Sorsi.
Sam has a double and a
walk one for three officially
and RBI in a one score.
And his next RBI don't
forget to set the all-time
hurricane record.
So the only at second.
Lesby at first only one
out.
Find it the belt.
Pick the sand.
There's a swing in a
ground ball on the left side.
Gray goes to second for one
and the ball is dropped.
And what's the road in safe?
Les did not have possession
long enough.
And it'll be an arrow on the
plate.
Everybody is safe in the
bases are loaded.
So, Stetson is starting to
come unglued a little bit at
this moment.
That's the second.
And that is there in the game.
Everybody is safe.
The thought is second.
A little bit in time.
But the ball not held.
C.O.D. is a third.
Lesby is a second.
So, he's a first and here.
Santa Vanya.
One for two.
One for three.
Here's the stretch.
C.O.D. is in pitch on
away.
It's Santa Vanya.
It's a hard-drive ball in a
white field.
C.O.D. only scores.
Lesby, while the third coming
home, he is going to score.
And the hurricane is having
11 to two lead.
And I suppose nearly there
would not be too presumptuous on
our part now to start looking
forward the next week's
tournament in all my
packs of bags.
46 RBI's for Santa Vanya now.
It's 11 to two.
That's the hurricane's 11th hit.
Sorcy stopped at second.
Santa Vanya.
He's going to be departing or
give him a rest and we'll get a
pinch runner now.
As Donnie Rollin comes out,
the pinch won't for Santa Vanya.
And for now, that is the
number four.
C.O.D. only rollin.
Rollin's the most difficult
to get to Vanya.
So, Walter, the first Sorcy at
second, Phil Oli went out and
looked who's coming up again.
Now, Lesby, he's still
ended off with a long-home run.
It's 22nd of the year.
And he's the 10th man of that in
the inning.
What a team effort it's been this
year.
Although, Les and Sorcy, of course,
stand out for their play and
there's tournament along with
Rona.
But this has been a team effort
all the way up and down,
including a lot of the people
who don't get to start every day.
Two men on only one out.
Five looking into the Lesby for
the sign.
Lane waiting.
Here's the stretch.
Pitch to fill.
Checked off.
It's a strike.
Get the outside corner.
And he's nothing in one.
And one of the Hurricanes,
feet through opponents in the
tournament.
Next, we look at some of these
bucks, because they're going to
start to get a little braved.
And the Hurricanes, you mentioned
last night, they score in bunches.
They scored five in the
fourth inning and six more here in
the eighth.
And now, Rick Hall, the assistant
coach for Stenson, is coming out
to the mound and the five, maybe
in here.
And the trainer also following
him out there.
I don't know what this is all about.
As they're having a discussion
with the plate umpire.
And five standing there.
And evidently, we're going to get a
new picture as five as some sort
of a problem.
And the new picture will be given
as the reason it makes a difference
of course, and making the change
is that the new picture will be given
as much time to warm up as he needs
as five is heading off back to the
corner.
And the next step is to get a
And we'll get you another picture
of four to headers.
And this one is coming in to do the
first inning.
11th.
24th.
Dennis, part for now.
50th.
So, I left handed Dennis Marten
comes on as the pitching parade
continues here for the headers.
This is our first chance to see
Martin.
And it's five to parts.
The Maloney started lobby Smith.
Jerry Wider, him and five.
And now Dennis Marten in that
order.
And we'll take a look at the
information that we have on
Martin on the year.
Martin is 6.319 pound
junior from Glen Shraw,
Pennsylvania.
And very limited activity.
He's only picked one in the four
innings on the year.
He has no record.
And they're right average of 4.62.
He's allowed six runs and four hits.
And as a result, a higher-end
one average of 4.62.
So, the left handed Dennis
Marten will be allowed as many
runs as he needs since he comes
on with placing five.
He's suffered an injury of some
sort and had to be removed from the
game.
On play resumes,
Sorcy is a second roll in the
pinch running for Santa Vane
as the first.
And Phil Lane is the hitter.
With a no ball once strike count.
That's quite a problem for any
pitch you to have the face coming
in in this situation.
The left handed was specially with
Lane up there and two letters
aboard.
But Martin will be put to the test
here in a moment or two.
And he feels he's had enough
while my pitch is too
get ready.
And that's it again.
Most of the other tournaments
still far from being decided in
terms of the winner.
Here's the stretch by Martin.
The pitch to Shield is a strike
a fastball at the letters on what.
The bases loaded and feel
continuing to play in.
12 runs on 12 hits for the
Hurricanes.
Stretch by Martin and
the O1 pitch.
A checks wing in a foul off
behind a plate.
And the count on Shields now is
0 and 2.
And in the on deck circle.
Phil Rona.
The P Lane and Sorcy.
That trio in particular.
I've teamed up with an offensive
garage in this series the likes of
which you have sold him a scene.
Three runners late.
Here's the stretch.
And Martin with the O2 pitch to
Doug Shields and outside of all
1 and 2.
Hearing in to get the sign.
He's Martin has the one he wants
from Zaleski.
Here's the one two pitch.
Here's a swing in a ground ball
to third.
Reba's got it to play.
We'll be at home.
And in time.
A good play by Zaleski again on
a bad throw on what off.
The course play goes five to two.
And let me tell you.
Zaleski showed his where's
there with a fine play.
Juggled it, then held it and
stepped on the plate.
So Sorcy is.
Number seven.
Make it make it.
He's short stop.
Billio Rona.
This is a stop.
Big hand for Rona.
Rona.
Rona.
The force of the plate.
Lane's at third.
Mickey Williams at second.
Shields at first.
Two outs.
And here's Rona.
One for three.
A three run.
Homer also walked.
And Rona is up.
That RBI.
Totally has to 52.
Base is loaded two down.
Here's the stretch by Martin Pitch to
Billy.
Strike at the name zone one.
So Lane with ten RBI's in the
term of Rona not far behind with eight.
And we're talking about only three games
so far.
Here's the O-one pitch.
Inside.
One and one.
And how would you like to have the
number nine hitter in your
or club knocking in tryptidoo road?
I'd love it.
And hitting three hundred.
Three men lead two down.
Here's the one one to Billy Rona.
Here's a swing in a line.
I pull up center field.
It's going to be in there.
But they sit all the way back to the
fence.
One runs towards Mickey Williams scoring.
He feels routing third.
He's going to score.
Rona is going to go to third and he's
in with a triple and it's 15 to do my
M.A.
Did you say 55 RBI's more?
Unbelievable.
A shot in left center.
Man's on gambled on the catch.
Couldn't make the play.
And when it got by him all the way
to the fence, everybody scored.
Tremel RBI's Rona has knocked in
six of the 15 Miami runs.
He's a third.
And that's his third triple in the
series.
Right.
Here's James.
Well, the government jade.
Calvin's one for five.
Rona at third two down.
Nine runs in in the inning.
Here's the pitch.
Strike at the knees all in one.
Miami 15.
Stetson two in the hurricane.
Eight inning.
Here's the stretch.
Oh one pitch.
Calvin looks at a ball up high.
One in one.
So six and five.
And now Lane is going to look up to
Mr. Rona.
Maybe not physically.
But at least in terms of the RBI's
in this tournament, Lane's got ten
Rona's got eleven.
Stretched by Martin Rona off third.
One one to Calvin.
James.
Low ball two two in one.
Hurricane's trail to nothing.
Going into the fourth inning.
Then they scored five.
And that's the way it's dripped.
You'll hear in the eighth inning.
And now Miami has added nine runs.
Make it ten runs.
I'm sorry.
They don't can't pretend on the
scrollboard.
Here's the two on pitch.
Low three in one.
It's 15 to two.
Getting so a picture of what's out there.
And doesn't want to throw to these guys.
Now I can't blame him.
Martin is the fifth.
Stetson pitch with a knife.
Here's the stretch.
Three one to Calvin James.
Inside ball four.
Calvin's on for the second time.
James at first.
Rona at third.
And he only has two.
But let's see what's going to happen here.
Let's see who will bat.
And now he's coming out again.
I guess Martin is done.
And we'll get our six.
And the baseball very quickly.
And the new pitcher coming on.
The twenty six.
Bob Pusichek.
And let me tell you he is a good one.
He picks against us earlier in the season.
And absolutely nothing the first time out here.
And then came right back after a brief appearance.
And one.
And then he's going to be in the first place.
And then he's going to be in the first place.
And then he's going to be in the first place.
And then he's going to be in the first place.
And then he's going to be in the first place.
And then he's going to be in the first place.
So the Hurricanes are packing their bags.
We're not going to have a dramatic finish here in board.
We did in some of the previous four years that I've been here.
And the regional tournament is well and hand now.
And the Hurricanes, they really puts bets in to the test here.
These two games, 18 runs yesterday 15 already here tonight.
We're still not over.
And the Hurricanes' bats have just been incredible.
Twenty seven and 15 is now 42 runs and three games are an average of 14 runs of all game.
And again, some pretty good competition.
Granted, FSU was not here, but we didn't have any slouches in this tournament here.
The other three teams that were represented all had good records.
And it had good seasons.
USF was on a pair.
They had 117 out of 18 before coming into the tournament.
And Stetson, of course, had won a game right here and had played representative ball against all the other teams in this tournament.
And the Florida Gators, of course, are always tough, not as good, perhaps, as some of the previous teams they've had.
But there were no push-over.
They were still good enough to win the FSU.
That's right.
USF, West Network in 1982 from the first pitch, Civil War FFF.
ESPN will be calling for my play.
So Bob Walker is going to come on in bad and Cione spot.
And of course...
The second place for Miami-Modding Corps mid-Cione is number nine Bob Walker.
Walker, that's for the three-pointer.
Mitch was two-for-four also, Rock and scored two times.
James at first, Ron is at third, two-down.
Bob Pusice at the left-handed.
The sixth pitcher with a night for Stetson, Throws.
Strike at the knees, O and one.
And of course, on WNWS, we will bring you all of the action from Edelhaugh.
As far as the Hurricanes go, as we have done the past four years and now the fifth.
Left-fander, Stretches and Throws.
There's a swing and a foul on the ground along the left-fielinow and two on Walker.
And you are listening to WNWS South, Miami, Miami for all of the fans of you and your money with Jeff Casar.
He'll be along right after the ballgame to take you to Midnight.
Nothing in two on Walker, two-down, Rona at third, Calvin James at first.
Stretches by closer check, O to pitch.
Outside, one and two.
Miami-15, Stetson two.
Hurricanes have scored 10 runs here in the eighth inning.
Who's to check Stretches and now they want to pitch on away?
Outside, two-two.
Walker hitting only 173, but he's got four home runs and 13 RBIs.
Bobby has only nine hits and limited play this year, but four of them homeers.
Here's the stretch in the two-two to walker on away.
He's in there for called Strike 3 and the inning finally comes to like inclusion.
Ten runs, six hits, one error, two-man left on and now at the end of seven and a half to the Mark Light Stadium.
Miami-15 Stetson two.
Well, going in the celebration here at Mark Light Stadium.
That's the mind you again to set the stage where they're heading for a homie in a week.
And next Friday evening at six-ten Miami-time, Hurricanes in Maine, the Bears of Maine.
Well, me just as they did last year in the Hurricanes first game of the College World Series in Omaha.
Hurricanes winning that all game last year.
In fact, we looked it up and checked the score.
It's to one.
My memory was right.
I didn't want to chance it, but that was the score.
The Hurricanes being had for what turned out to be the only winning on the hall last year,
but I think this year could be a much different story.
The Hurricanes were the only number one rusty grade.
Rusty grade.
Finch hitting for a man's zone here in the Stetson Athening as Pete Dunne wanted to get all of his people in the act here in the regionals.
Bob, Rob Susser throws a swing at a miss strike one.
Susser meantime has retired 19 of 20.
Celesky, who walked in the fourth is the only Stetson man to reach basins to first inning.
You have any question about Susser now as whether it was lost his shotness because of that long, long top of the Athening?
Well, I don't think it makes too much difference in this point.
Here's the O1 pitch on the way to Rusty Green Low or one and one.
The Pistols have what I'm sure he'd like to go the full line.
And the memory serves correct.
I think the Hurricanes have only had two complete games all season long from the pitching staff.
Susser, of course, not one of those.
Here's the one one pitch.
There's a swing in a ground ball through Rona at short.
Here, and now the water falls down the thread of first in time as Green fell down about a third of the way down the baseline.
And at least what naturely is laughing about it.
Rona could have won across the diamond and stepped on first.
Number four, so one down and he steps in a inning and here Scott, where the shirt's dropped, who struck out twice.
Twenty out of 21, retired now by Susser.
Well, listen, I don't blame them for being tired.
They've had a rugged day of it.
They played in swaddling heat under the sun earlier.
And that is a two and a half hour ball game, too.
Here's a ball outside to Gray 1-0.
Freshman right hand to Rob Susser with a 1-0 pitch, she fastballs like one one and one.
And what a lot of confidence this sets in team in the whole baseball program are going to benefit from this experience here this year.
One one pitch, swing and a foul tip out of the glove of Bob Walker.
It's one and two.
Walker has come out now and is doing the catching.
Mickey Williams is in left, she goes in center, Calvin and White.
Lane still a third, Wona at short, Donnie Rollin at second, Lesby at first and has mentioned Walker catching and Rob Susser has been out there all away.
On the mound.
Here's the line, one two pitch bounces by back to the screen, two two.
That's a silver there for the ground through, Neil Lowe and Stuckwell right up at the cap of the screen.
Susser's walk one, struck out six.
Most of the faith will still on hand.
Susser lines and the two two pitch to the plate, swinging a pop-file out of play back over our heads, two two.
Rob still alive here.
Susser lines two two pitch, she's struck in a third time and Rob is running, Grace seven strike out for Susser.
And the layoff, we were worried about more, doesn't seem to make a difference.
21 out of 22.
So here's Jeff Beginaw, struck out twice and fly to right in between, he's over three.
Two down, nobody on here at the bottom of the eighth as Susser continues with his masterful performance.
Three hits and again, all in the first inning.
Jeff Beginaw waits, pitch on away and it's Lowe ball, one ball in no strikes.
Well, I guess we can start packing slowly now.
This evening, about three days or so to get ready.
As memories of Ross's stay-couse and Mr. Seas and all the other great things in Omaha, there's high and inside two and all.
Of course unfortunately most of the great things in Omaha are West Runts, Baseball and Axior Ben.
Axior Ben as they call it, that's Paul's Nebraska backwards, the race track.
And it's a long series this year, by the way, from the 4th through the 13th of June in Omaha 10 days.
Two outpitched to Paganos is Lowe, three in all.
So he's aligned, here's the three outpitched.
Outside for ball four, so Paganos is not only the second walk, and now Pagano becomes the first base runner since the last few walk back in the fourth inning.
So two out, Pagano at first, Lesby holding and Wadi Langston is over three steps in.
Wadi Langston, I'm not sure at this point, and now he decides the same thing and plays him behind the runner.
Here's the stretch of the pitch to the plate as a fact-ball, if an ease all in one on Langston.
I don't think that Pagano is going to be going anywhere down by 13.
And speaking to Jeff Pagano by the way, he did have one misqueue in the earlier game that they overcame in the USF game, but he has really impressed us with his defensive play in center field throughout the series.
He was on the fine, fine down there, and covers a lot of ground up there.
And he's made some really tremendous plays in the series, but most of them he made so casually, made him look easy.
Strike two, good pass, but on the outside corner with the belt, it's 0-2 on Langston, and Suza is throwing just as hard now as he was in the early innings of the ballgame.
And this is not only his best performance, but his hard, as I have seen Suza throw all year, he is super tonight.
Now he's coming alive again, no balls and two strikes, two down, here in the eighth, there's the stretch, and the O2 pitch, swinging just a little chopped foul off his foot off the left of the bait, it's 2-0-2.
Considering all of the Miami pitching in the tournament, Milito's got to be the finest performance at the Miami pitching staff all season.
What are the best pitch games we have seen all year, you're right, no question.
So, I see to the fine job I'm Friday night. Eskropon is going to get job in relief, and of course Danny Smith is super job in relief of fast-resact last night.
And Suza can keep in this groove, or it's going to be very valuable to Miami in other hall.
Here's the stretch, check the runner, the O2 pitch, there's a swing in a ground ball to short, well it has got it, throttle us, be as in time in the innings over.
No runs, no hits, no errors, one left of her exchange, are three outs away from Omaha, Nebraska, and the College World Series, after eight innings in Miami to score, her exchange, 15 steps into.
South fetching through Jeff Houtteer.
Let us know what I heard about the hottest of steps in the game at the decision on this game.
When the best season ever in steps in history, they've earned their first game to the FC to haze this year.
They've given me an outstanding opportunity to win the game of FC by getting the Gator.
Just three times a 100 steps in the universe today.
And a well deserved hand, especially as they said, have been a Cinderella team, and they deserve a big, big hand from all the faithful and the hurricane fans appreciate a good effort when they see one.
And a lot of the steps in the faithful here as well, and they deserve all the credit in the world. They have been just tremendous.
Here's Lesbians, one for four, also off the sport twice.
Alt here catching out, haze a fourth base, haze a check throws, strike with the knees, all in one.
On the top of the die in hurricane, there's three outs away, and when we go to the bottom of the inning, from their fifth consecutive flip to Omaha, to Branskin, the College World Series.
Here's the O1 pitch, bounces by everybody one and one.
And the one thing you get to tell me this was going to be a 15 to two Miami lead than I think the way that the Lord who pitched early in the game out of the city were dreaming.
One of one pitch is swung on and bounced on the ground at first, and it'll be haze making the play on a system there and one number one.
So here is Sarsie.
Sam is one for four, a double, also off the sport twice and driven in a run, who's 70th of the year.
And we mentioned again the 70 RBI from the benefit of those who made a joint as late, that RBI tying the skill record set by Frank Castro here at U of M.
And the last year, please, a check line puts to Sarsie on the way, so it's lower ball, one ball, those strikes.
One O pitch, there's a line shot to left another solid base set for Sarsie.
This second of Sscan as it continues, really nailing that baseball.
That's the 14th hurricane hit.
Let me just stop right now.
I'm just going to throw it down the road with...
...mursy.
Here's got a roll at batting for the first time, he went into one percent of anion.
It's Sarsie at first, not being held at course and one down. The hurricanes will not be adding in such an injury by running here with a 13-watt lead.
Pace it checks, stretches and throws, and roll it looks at a strike at the belt, it's all in one.
And decked by the way, can get one more chance, is spilling, balling it up at play here.
O one pitch, roll it looks at a ball on it inside, one in one.
Lane with four home runs in the series. Sarsie with two.
There's a swing on a looping ball that is going to get knocked down by Hayes, here's the threat of first nine out in time.
Pace it checks, kept it thrown, wasn't in for a hit for all, it was a tough play.
Hayes made a good effort on it, and all was got it. I don't think they even make a throw, but they made a good play.
But Roland with his good speed beats it for an interview at Hit the 15th, Miami Hit the Wenders and stopped mort, and the answer was not yet.
So Sarsie's at second, Roland's at first and, Philane will step to the play.
This is the Miami hit base, but not for seven.
No lane, no base.
So Lane has only hit four home runs in the tournament today, a single for two RBIs, a home run at the Mendeshaunt to right, two for four in a walk.
22 home runs now in 67 RBIs, one out two on.
Pace it checks, rolls. Lane, it's a hearts match to short, here's the throw, but a second for one, relayed it first in time at a play.
The other double-soil, six to four.
That's when it stops, no runs, two hits, no errors, and one man left on.
After eight and a half of Mark Light Stadium, the score is the hurricane's 15th and steps into.
That was a gentleman I must you see the University of Miami Hit base for the final time of the bill, in 1980 to it all.
Five good circuitive trips to the college world series. Very few schools have done that, they won their 50th year.
The top person's university of Miami, Hurricane, that is the government.
Standing ovation.
And that is it, I got to tell you that every team has been different, all of these last five years, each team has had a different personality, a different character, but I got to like this one the best.
Because nobody thought they could do it. Nobody believed in this team, they didn't think they could come back losing Heaton and Browning and Service, Morrison Castro, the Hases.
Nobody believed that Ron Fraser and Skip Irving can put together as star of all come again, and we lose that many star of all players, and they have done it and they approved it.
The amazing thing about it and the other seems to me is that these guys have only discovered their own person, now they've been in the last couple of weeks.
And the Arizona State Series has calculated risk paid off and really helped. Here's John Peganol, which from Susan on the way is lined in the right field for a pay set.
James chasing a down-low with shields, it's back at the fence. John Peganol, rounding first and he'll go in a second to the stand-up devil.
That's only the fourth hit off of Susan in the game and two of them by taking all along him running the first over the center field fence, and now a shot double in the
capitalite center. So Stetson is certainly not just going to roll over here, they're going to give it their best shot.
Dan Hayes, the first baseman, hitting for the first time, replacing Mopfit with one for three tonight.
One of the second nobody out, Hurricane Steel three outs away from number half.
Susan, who said I just four hits, two outs.
And only one hit, but then you just saw us since the first inning. There's a bouncing ball on the right side.
Second baseman, Roland's got it, four to first, one out. On the third goes Peganol, two outs away from the college world series.
And then I'll bring up the third baseman, Vince Riva.
Number 13, how do you think Vince Riva?
Riva is one for three and RBI single in the first.
Rob Susa, he's been in there all the way and the tremendous pitching performance.
Right hand to Rines, here's the pitch to Riva. There's a swing at a hearts match to short.
Great play at Chirp by Rona, throws him out into one score. Great play by Rona.
Got it in the hall, star short shot. That ball is hit like a bullet and Rona, a couple of steps to his left, reached out and speared it out of here and threw him out to one scores.
15 to three, two outs now and the Hurricane's are three strikes away from winning it all.
Can't you Jeff Altier better for the first time?
Jeff Altier in Zeleski spot, two outs nobody on and the Hurricane's just moments away from ending it all.
Here's the pitch to Alkih, ball outside, one and a half.
Got and still most of them left here, they are ready.
One, oh pick, fouled and ground off into the stretch and dug out and bounced back out.
It's a one ball, one strike counter. I'm welcome up.
Waving the catch saying we surrender.
One and one, Hurricane's two strikes away from end of the hall.
Just a matter of getting the server here but the faithful are enjoying every second.
Here's the line depth, one and one picks.
Check two, what the knees running through.
These are just their sharp knives he was in the beginning.
We are really firing that back.
All of Hurricane's first standing in the dugout on a third base side.
Looking here to crowd, here is the one through pitch on the way.
Just a pound of got to piece and we'll have to do it one more time.
They love the season, they're able to strike out.
He's walking a two and struck out seven.
This is the most enthusiastic crowd I've ever seen here.
They are ready for it.
Two down nobody on.
Two is the one, one two picks, low two and two.
My only 15s, that's in place, the bottom of the line, two outs nobody on.
Two is the again, two two picks, high and inside and let's see whether we're hitting him or hit the bat and a hit him.
I believe what does he up high say and evidently hit him on the shoulder.
So all tears hit by the pinch and he'll have to go all the way back and start over again.
And we'll get another pinch hiter here for Lukeo.
So we'll give the chance fans a chance to spend a little more energy now.
What the hiders, they pinch hit it.
Batting for Lukeo is number 34 Scott Johnson.
Scott Johnson is going to be done getting almost everybody in the act and that's great to see most of the players getting a chance to participate in this first ever
Stetson Regional.
Johnson right handed better with all care at first and he out.
And the crowd at a fever pitch.
Suza at the belt.
There's the pitch to Scott Johnson.
He's going to foul or nothing in the line.
He burned that one by him and he's going late.
Oh and one.
And he gave a little comedy here toward the end of the ball rolls loose toward the hurricane by that.
That's every cut of his loose now.
There's no more attention in this ball again.
No balls one strike.
White handed better weights.
Here's the stretch.
All one pitch.
Swing in a fire strike to it again.
They're down to their final strike.
No balls two strikes two outs.
And the infusion hasn't here.
It's contagious.
Everybody stand in.
There's the stretch by Suza.
Air two pitch.
Strike three two.
Swing in a fire strike.
Rob Ferga with a crawl third strike.
His eighth strike out of the game in a hurricane.
I want to also say before I forget it here, the fans deserve a lot of credit too.
Because they support baseball here.
Like nobody in the country supports college baseball.
There's not even anybody close as far as attendance is concerned.
These people tonight I'd say 90% of the crowd stayed right for that last pitch.
And they were really up for it.
We'll just keep it right here at this point.
And recap and re-save all of those activities.
The Alliance for a hurricane.
15 runs, 15 hits and two errors.
And sets in three runs, four hits and two errors.
They win her at all the way with a brilliant performance.
Freshman Rob Suza.
Just a freshman.
But boy, he picked the greatest night of his life for the best pitching performance of the season.
And he was a sharp as a race or all the way through.
He had a little bit of problem in the first inning.
But after that, they couldn't touch him.
I'm eating this one and the bottom of the dice.
Suza certainly a spectacular performance.
And as far as hitting is concerned, all through this three games.
The hurricane scoring 42.
Let's make sure my math is right.
42 runs in three games.
18, 9 and 15.
That's an average of 14 runs a game.
What?
In three regional tournament games too.
And I just didn't know your average every day.
One of the Millball game.
And we'll be looking for a lot of people at Omaha again for the fifth year in the world.
And there are just those superlatives enough.
Phil Lane, Billy Reynolds, Sam Sorsi.
I hate to leave anybody out, but certainly offensively those three.
Sorsi had been pitching job.
Danny Smith, Eddie Escribano.
A team effort all the way through.
And as we pointed out, the team really peaking.
They came to their peak just at the right point.
They're playing now as well as they have all year.
And I think Suza's performance was symptomatic of that.
It was a classic example of how the whole team seems to be jelling just at the right part of the year.
Absolutely.
You couldn't have said it better than the other one.
This has been a team effort throughout the tournament.
Everybody has contributed to leave out anybody's name.
It's really a son of a mission because they have all contributed to this tremendous victory here.
They only underfeed a team in the tournament.
And 42 runs and about 44 hits.
So they've made every hit, the virtually every hit count for a run.
This is an incredible performance.
So the Hurricanes all gather round.
Rod Fraser and Skip Urban on the far side.
And again, as we indicated before, the Stetson Hatters deserve a tremendous amount of credit.
And they're sending well performance here.
And they give it their all.
And of course, knocking off Florida coming from behind the BDSF.
We cannot say that never about them.
And they'll be back.
You can be sure about that.
They'll be heard from in the next couple of years.
They've got a good baseball program and they can compete with anybody.
But the Hurricanes at this stage of the season just awesome.
They're doing a little celebrating out there.
Looks like Doug Sheel's on the back of, I think that Santa Vane deal over there.
And all getting it on the act, jumping on top of each other.
Roder is up there.
He's always one of the team counts with Cersei.
And they are loose.
They are ready.
They are really psyched up.
It's going to be a tough college world series again with a likes of Stanford.
And Oklahoma State is awesome.
Texas will likely be here.
But I believe this team can play with anybody as we proved in the Arizona State last week.
With this kind of a team, this is just the kind of a team that they need to go out there to that tournament.
They've got to have the big bats.
And now that the pitching staff has drilled.
And they've suddenly become a tremendous core, dependable core.
It doesn't seem to be enough a lot more that you can say about it.
They have peaked.
That's for sure.
And we're just delighted to see it happen at this time.
It certainly deserves it because they've worked hard.
They've overkin a lot of skepticism.
I remember the very beginning of the year before the first came.
Rod Fraser on my show.
And he said, Neil, we're going to lose some games this year.
Don't get up on us.
Don't be disappointed.
We're going to really have to develop and build.
But Bill, they did it in the right tremendous team.
This was their 50th win of the year.
So they are 57 and one going into the college world series.
And as I said, this has got to be a team that I find my favorite of the five.
Not to take anything away from the other four and all the players.
But this is a team that really has showed character and develops from one that nobody believed in.
And that what I think everybody has got to believe in.
And we're just delighted to be a part of it again.
And so the hurricanes will be heading for Omaha.
And we'll be heading out too.
And don't forget, let's take a look at the way the schedule will.
It couldn't be any better as far as favoring Miami because they played Maine last year.
They'll beat him six to one in the first game.
And the very first game of the college world series will be this Friday June 4th at Omaha to Grand
Skid wasn't that stadium.
And the Maine and Miami will team up again.
And we'll be bringing you to you in the area of six o'clock, probably about 555 Miami time
with our pregame activities.
And we're really looking forward to it because it promises to be a barn burner.
I forget it's a longer world series this year than ever before.
Spread out over 10 days.
So we'll have plenty of eating out there as well.
We'll give you all the good reports on the good restaurants.
We can scout those out pretty well for you.
And I think we got a lot of good baseball and store for Miami-Honda Brass for this year.
And we look at a Florida concert be proud of their representative in the world college world series this year.
Absolutely. And we thank all of the fans again for their tremendous support.
We had almost 6,000 here tonight.
And again, if I can find it in the middle of all of my chicken scratching out here for the three games all together,
we had about 14,000 plus,
close to 15,000 for these just three days.
And when you consider the incredible weather yesterday and Friday,
I bet again, as a tremendous tribute,
and people have to understand one more reason why the NCAA puts these regional tournaments here in Miami,
they really know how to do it upright.
So again, they really put your robsters at brilliant root-calling performance 7 and 3 now.
As the hurricanes have won their 17th consecutive victory in regional tournament play.
The last loss way back to Clemson in 1978,
they haven't lost a regional tournament game since then, which is incredible.
And we hope that you'll really follow us all through the college world series.
I know that you will, but we're looking forward for them in the hall this coming Friday evening at about 5.55.
So that wraps things up in a very, uh,
jubilant and very enjoyable weekend here at Markites Stadium.
Again, the final score tonight,
hurricanes, all the hardbound,
15 and steps in three.
And now, until Friday,
at least as far as baseball is concerned, from Orte-Libur,
and you'll want you to say, good night.
